uh i do n't know i i have mixed emotions about him uh sometimes i like him but at the same times i love to see somebody beat him
You and your friends are not welcome here , said Severn .
i 'm not sure what the overnight low was
so i have to find a way to supplement that
the hologram makes up all these things and uh i mean sometimes sometimes it 's funny sometimes it 's not but uh you know it 's something to pass the time until we do and then and then we watch football
Buffet and a la carte available .
The census of 1931 served as an alarm signal for the Malay national consciousness .
Mortifyingly enough , it is all the difficulty , the laziness , the pathetic formlessness in youth , the round peg in the square hole , the whatever do you want ?
Britain 's best-selling tabloid , the Sun , announced as a front-page world exclusive Friday that Texan model Jerry Hall has started divorce proceedings against aging rock star Mick Jagger at the High Court in London .
He was of two minds , one reveled in the peace of this village .
Rouen is the ancient center of Normandy 's thriving textile industry , and the place of Joan of Arc 's martyrdom ' a national symbol of resistance to tyranny .
Table 2 : Examples of BLM 's , FHWA 's , IRS 's , and VBA 's Customer Satisfaction Expectations for Senior Executive Performance
While it 's probably true that democracies are unlikely to go to war unless they 're attacked , sometimes they are the first to take the offensive .
But you have to have money to save it , and not many couples with young children have the luxury of tucking away $ 2,000 apiece annually for their Golden Years .
and uh as a matter of fact he 's a draft dodger
` Publicity . ' Lincoln removed his great hat , making a small show of dusting it off .
In the stock market , however , the damage can get much worse .
Look , there 's a legend here .
But when the cushion is spent in a year or two , or when the next recession arrives , the disintermediating voters will find themselves playing the roles of budget analysts and tax wonks .
The campaigns seem to reach a new pool of contributors .
From the corner of his eye he saw Jamus look over the broken mare .
Similarly , OIM revised the electronic Grant Renewal Application to accommodate new information sought by LSC and to ensure greater ease for users .
` Dave Hanson , to whom nothing was impossible . ' Well , we have a nearly impossible task : a task of engineering and building .
But I 'll take up my stand somewhere near , and when he comes out of the building I 'll drop a handkerchief or something , and off you go ! ''
Justice Kennedy does not care what law librarians across the country do with all the Supreme Court Reporters from 1790 through 1998 .
The entire city was surrounded by open countryside with a scattering of small villages .
The regime 's response of ferocious repression plus numerous other ineptitudes led to a third revolution in 1848 , with the Bonapartists , led by Napoleon 's nephew , emerging triumphant .
so i guess my experience is is just with what we did and and so they did n't really go through the child care route they were able to be home together
DOD 's common practice for managing this environment has been to create aggressive risk reduction efforts in its programs .
yeah really no kidding
Visit at sundown or out of season to get the full flavor of the setting .
All of the islands are now officially and proudly part of France , not colonies as they were for some three centuries .
-LRB- For more information on BLM 's senior executive performance plans , see app .
Taking an ecumenical tack , nation officials in Chicago recently issued edicts commanding preachers to back off their anti-Semitic rhetoric .
To savour the full effect of the architect 's skill , enter the courtyard through the gate which opens onto the Hippodrome .
There is nothing more to be done here , I think , unless , he stared earnestly and long at the dead ashes in the grate .
In Texas , the legislature was instrumental in effecting changes to the state 's benefit programs through provisions in several pieces of legislation .
Around 1500 b.c. , a massive volcanic eruption at Santorini destroyed not only Akrotiri under feet of ash and pumice but the whole Minoan civilization .
The great thing is to keep calm . '' Julius groaned .
The sacred is not mysterious to her .
If you land by boat , Caravelle beach is yours for the using ; otherwise you 'll have to pay a nominal charge to the vacation club that owns the acreage .
Behind the cathedral , croseover the Rue de la R ?? publique to the 15th-century Eglise Saint-Maclou , the richest example of Flam?boy?ant Gothic in the country .
Julius before the safe in the flat , her own question and the pause before his reply , `` Nothing . '' Was there really nothing ?
GAO recommends that the Secretary of Defense revise policy and guidance
The Kal tangled both of Adrin 's arms , keeping the blades far away .
The primary screen must be integrated into the standard intake procedure of the emergency setting and must be the responsibility of the staff to administer to all patients .
I have been visiting an old woman in the village , she explained , `` and as Lawrence told me you were with Monsieur Poirot I thought I would call for you . ''
Slate 's Joseph Nocera .
This town , which flourished between 6500 and 5500 b.c. , had flat-roofed houses of mud and timber decorated with wall-paintings , some of which show patterns that still appear on Anatolian kilims .
Candidates must submit a set of fingerprints for review by the FBI .
The red moon made her skin glow .
right after the war
i 'm kind of familiar with the weather out that way in west Texas but not in not in Lewisville
In the moment of victory , Tuppence betrayed a somewhat unsportsmanlike triumph .
The central features of the Results Act-strategic planning , performance measurement , and public reporting and accountability-can serve as powerful tools to help change the basic culture of government .
i think it 's real good anyway it 's it 's been it was nice meeting you
um-hum right do where are you at what state
Small towns like Louisian lay scattered all over the Oil Fields ; the main train line branched between them .
The liberation of these old European colonies created the basis for postwar independence movements proclaiming the Japanese slogan Asia for the Asians .
But those that are manufactured for sale in in Europe and so forth are quite the other way around
Then I considered .
yeah that 's where i got to too the first i got chills up and down when i heard the on the radio and the first time they started doing the bombing
This having come to his stepmother 's ears , she taxed him with it on the afternoon before her death , and a quarrel ensued , part of which was overheard .
Next , you enter the vast and splendid Imperial Hall , with three handsome marble fountains , and a canopied throne from which the sultan would enjoy the music and dancing of his concubines .
at least i 'm going to give it a try cause you can see i mean the oil filters i mean you can touch it it 's right there
Tracking down the tiger is a subtle affair , and requires a degree of dedication , calm , and stealth .
Adrin nodded .
Cop Bud White -LRB- Crowe -RRB- and Ed Exley -LRB- Pearce -RRB- almost mix it up -LRB- 59 seconds -RRB- :
The Tunnel of Eupalinos can be explored but it 's not for the claustrophobic .
He had forgotten about Adrin .
Reportedly the biggest payment made in such a case , it is hardly a nick in Texaco 's annual revenue of more than $ 30 billion .
We hate them because they are smarter , or more studious , or more focused than we are .
These alone could have valuable uses .
Near Jerusalem
Escaped or abandoned raccoons have been breeding in the wild for the past 20 years and have damaged corn crops , watermelon and melon farms , and rainbow trout hatcheries , the paper said .
32 Under the RSA proposal , a worker between the ages of 25 and 60 with family earnings of at least $ 5,000 could contribute up to $ 1,000 annually through either an employer-sponsored saving plan or a tax-deferred individual account .
-LRB- sums up the millennium coverage from around the globe , and examines whether the Y2K preparations were a waste . -RRB-
Moreover , Las Vegas has recently started to show signs of maturity in its cultural status as well .
so Eric what do you think um
Such multicolored reef dwellers as the parrotfish and French angelfish , along with weirdly shaped coral , crawfish , or turtles hiding in crevices , can be yours for the viewing in these clear waters where visibility of 30 m -LRB- 100 ft -RRB- is common .
Benchmarked by U.S.
External Validity The extent to which a finding applies -LRB- or can be generalized -RRB- to persons , objects , settings , or times other than those that were the subject of study .
No , indeed , said Cynthia .
In the other bracket , the Broncos beat the New York Jets .
We were playing all sorts of sports , and you were not , so shut up and stop twitching , ' the microbe 's tone of voice changed , it was lower and more resounding .
To help identify solutions to this problem , Senators Fred Thompson and John Glenn , Chairman and Ranking Minority Member , respectively , of the Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs , requested that we study organizations with superior security programs to identify management practices that could benefit federal agencies .
yeah well Rochester 's like right on the shores is n't it
There are no shares of a stock that might someday come back , just piles of options as worthless as those shares of Cook 's American Business Alliance .
Say , man , do n't you know you 've been given up for dead ?
In its submission , HCFA did not identify any other statute or executive order imposing procedural requirements relevant to the rule .
As with other types of internal controls , this is a cycle of activity , not an exercise with a defined beginning and end .
With their fluent Vietnamese and Mandarin , they help Tran understand her family 's eligibility for Medi-Cal and food stamps , assist the 70-year-old woman in finding a place to live and advise abused women how they can stay in the country while staying away from their husbands .
Scotland became little more than an English county .
He works himself into a fake froth ; does some calculated , halfhearted gonzo writing ; then collects a fat check .
the the Iranian borders are still open uh from what i understand understand um
Something may be better than nothing . If trials compared low-cost therapy to the complete AZT regimen it 's likely that the new regimens will prove less effective .
Territorial rights , in the form of a deck chair , can be assured for a nominal sum .
A new guideline , for example , may tell us to send heart surgery patients home earlier .
The analysis concluded that , because the rule relaxed the hog cholera-related restrictions imposed on the importation of live swine and prepared pork products from Sonora , Mexico , the proposed rule could have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities in the United States .
Cave 31 tries to emulate the style of the great Hindu temple on a much smaller scale , but the artists here were working on much harder rock and so abandoned their effort .
I feel that you probably underestimate the danger , and therefore warn you again that I can promise you no protection .
A good time to visit is just at the end of the monsoon in October when you can see flocks of storks , egrets , and cormorants and it is ideally combined with a full-moon trip to the Taj , but there 's plenty to see all year round .
2 . Receiving Water Samples
The man shifted slightly and cut the spear out of the air .
When the next modernist revolution comes around , he 'll be ready .
' I do n't suppose you could forget I ever said that ? '
` Not entirely , ' I snapped , harsher than intended .
It features over 50 outlets for discounted designer fashions , from Armani to DKNY .
This is a powerful and evocative museum .
sometimes well there 's definitely a lot more hitting
Most pundits side with bushy-headed George Stephanopoulos -LRB- This Week -RRB- , arguing that only air strikes would be politically palatable .
The best beach in Europe ' at least that 's the verdict of its regulars .
Do n't remember .
probably you probably got everybody on you because they were probably all going to law school
uh-huh how about any matching programs
2 -RRB- This particular instance of it stinks .
oh for heaven sakes for the drugs yeah uh-huh
Although all four categories of emissions are down substantially , they only achieve 50-75 % of the proposed cap by 2007 -LRB- shown as the dotted horizontal line in each of the above figures -RRB- .
hi Mary have you gone visiting uh any new restaurants lately
Black professionals braid their hair to display their ethnic pride .
The formal splendor of the grounds testify to the 18th-century desire to tame nature , but it is done with such superlative results that one can only be thankful that the work was undertaken .
This testing of the marketplace may range from written or telephone contacts with knowledgeable federal and non-federal experts regarding similar or duplicate requirements and the results of any market test recently undertaken , to the more formal sources-sought announcements in pertinent publications -LRB- e.g.
Try a selection at the Whisky Heritage Centre -LRB- they have over 100 for you to sample -RRB- , where you can then buy a bottle or two of your personal favorite in the shop or in stores around the city .
To the south , the former fishing villages of Sorrento and Positano spill down the craggy cliffs of the serpentine Amalfi coast , justifiably tauted as one of the world 's most beautiful drives .
We need to look at the implications that these differing roles have for a range of issues , such as SES core competencies , performance standards , recruitment sources , mobility , and training and development programs .
no no not at all it
In fact , the sloping shoulder was the noticeable feature of the new clothes of the Dior era , coming as it did immediately in the wake of the Joan Crawford/Rosalind Russell period and its vigorous shoulder padding .
It 's an interesting account of the violent history of modern Israel , and ends in the Scafeld Room where nine Jews were executed .
i do n't understand that i thought that he was always a good player
but West Texas now was a hundred and ten and i did n't mind that at all you know because it was so dry
Indeed , 58 percent of Columbia/HCA 's beds lie empty , compared with 35 percent of nonprofit beds .
The library is the largest of any plantation in Jamaica , with over 300 volumes , including three first editions ; the books would have been used to while away the long humid days .
in Asia yeah i spent
And two - the personal pronoun problems were going to get serious .
In reviewing this history , it 's important to make some crucial distinctions .
Jon drew it out and stabbed again in the man 's throat .
Or to judge by the Failing to nurse at night can lead to painful engorgement or even breast infection .
But employers are still driving , and that 's all that counts .
They consolidated programs to increase efficiency and deploy resources more effectively
As for the divisive issue of whether the Mass is a sacrifice for the remission of sins , the statement affirms that Christ 's death upon the cross ...
He 's been mean-spirited and vicious for so long that editors and reporters are tired of hearing about it .
Every August young women convene to light joss sticks and some even climb the nine-meter -LRB- 30-ft -RRB- rock to pray for good husbands .
A button on the Chatterbox page will make this easy , so please do join in .
i wonder how they kept up with them though it seemed like the buffaloes were moving so fast i guess they graze though that would n't have been a problem
The Gaiety Theatre in South King Street is worth visiting for its ornate d ?? cor .
maybe adult literacy maybe you know composition writing maybe you know uh volunteering you know on a tutor line or though the even through the elementary schools for help with homework or the other part of me says is God i 've had enough kids do i really
Case Studies in Science Education .
uh-huh i i thought they did an excellent job of actually aging the person you know from when he was a little kid to little older to little older to except the last the very last you know the last person the last actor that played the kid
In Japan , Mainichi Shimbun criticized the new Liberal Democratic Party leader Keizo Obuchi for being devoid of fresh ideas for reviving the Japanese economy .
The Women 's Haven , which provides shelter and outreach to domestic-violence victims , already has a full-time attorney .
and ancient coins
-LRB- Never mind the strictest reading , which supposes that creation took a week . -RRB-
-LRB- Cohen 1999 -RRB- Although many observers would view this as an extreme step it could reduce costs and allow increased efficiencies .
uh-huh so do you have to get a shade tolerant grass is that what you ` re
This is especially true on Menorca , where cold winter winds limit the season 's length .
yeah although i do worry that how easy this one was might be a bad lesson uh to the to the younger people um you know than there is the other generation
yeah i mean this this Escort even when the head gasket went i mean it would start first time every time
Once they know their Social Security benefits promised under current law , workers can calculate how much they can expect from employer-sponsored pension plans and how much they need to save on their own for retirement .
I 'm not sentimental , you know . '' She paused .
To address these concerns , we supplement our Base Estimate of benefits with a series of sensitivity calculations that make use of other sources of concentration-response and valuation data for key benefits categories .
If you still want to join , it might be worked .
There are two challengers to these top dogs .
Where are you going ?
What seems to be a special bargain price for just one week only could turn out to be a year-round con .
The entire economy received a massive jump-start with the outbreak of the Korean War , with Japan ironically becoming the chief local supplier for an army it had battled so furiously just a few years earlier .
For this report , we provide an overview of the major theories about why people save and describe various factors associated with the decline in personal saving .
Punditus Interruptus , The Final
because i do n't want to my mother was also a domineering type of personality because she had to take over the things that my dad fell short in
Several of its beaches are officially designated for nudism -LRB- known locally as naturisme -RRB- the most popular being Pointe Tarare and a functionary who is a Chevalier de la L ?? gion d'Honneur has been appointed to supervise all aspects of sunning in the buff .
Managing better requires that agencies have , and rely upon , sound financial and program information .
Another White House murder mystery and a chance to bash the genre .
Clean shaven , I think and dark . ''
It was replaced in 1910 by the famous old pontoon bridge with its seafood restaurants , which served until the present bridge was opened in 1992 .
Apparently , Greuze was n't worried about needing protection .
Happily , there 's still a lot that has n't yet been adulterated on the two islands ` meaning that visitors also have a choice .
well in a way you can travel light
Never know where they wo n't turn up next .
Although this award will now be handed out annually , Bailey was selected for several years of his commitment .
This one ended up being surprisingly easy !
Simpson through the tunnels of time .
At 79 m -LRB- 260 ft -RRB- wide and 36 m -LRB- 118 ft -RRB- high , it was built by the Ptolemies during a total reconstruction of the temple in the years 237 105 b.c.
substitute my my yeah my kid 'll do uh four or five hours this week for me no problem
GAO 's prior work on best practices covers achieving the first knowledge point .
The show , which begins each evening at 9:00 p.m. , relates in melodramatic fashion the history of Istanbul while coloured floodlights illuminate the spectacular architecture of the Blue Mosque .
Anyway , thank you very much for trying to help us .
you know our church each year has a one of their major fund raisers is you know a garage sale and there 's a ton of clothes always you know left over and i take those down to the uh
So he clearly found a way to project a bandwagon of strength without putting U.S. troops on the line .
Increased saving by current generations would expand the nation 's capital stock , allowing future generations to better afford the nation 's retirement costs while also enjoying higher standards of living .
When we leave the house we shall be followed again , but not molested , FOR IT IS Mr. BROWN 'S PLAN THAT WE ARE TO LEAD HIM .
Along the eastern coastline are several fine beaches with perfect windsurfing conditions in their wide , shallow bays .
and i 'm pretty happy with it so far
Introduction
The program covers those units covered by the new nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program that are located in the States in the WRAP and that , in any year starting in 2000 , emit more than 100 tons of sulfur dioxide and are used to produce electricity for sale .
Suddenly she started , and her face blanched .
He took the wicked blade as well .
and he 's an engineer so he even came over and set it up for me and had it running for like two hundred dollars so i thought that
I think it behooves Slate , in its effort to take over the public-opinion industry , to make a thorough effort to uncover the truth behind this unnatural connection .
would you barbecue a turkey or a chicken or
They found plenty of water pouring down from the mountains , and more timber than anyone knew what to do with .
Another alternative is that our heroes were pursuing the noble goal of academics everywhere -- tenure .
and we decided we 'd just go across the road to the office and see if we could rent anything
The Fray 's reputation as a home for hostile , rude , and mean-spirited exchanges suffered a severe beating at the hands of the Reading thread , which was so civilized that participants suggested taking insulin shots afterward .
oh i 've never itemized yet
and it 's just like college too i think that if a kid goes to college and you can help them fine but i do n't think you should pay the whole way
If they have overestimated how far the CPI is off , Boskin and his commission may institutionalize an underestimated CPI -- guaranteeing a yearly , stealth tax increase .
The new rights are nice enough
They do not know it themselves . '
Sure enough , there was the chest , a fine old piece , all studded with brass nails , and full to overflowing with every imaginable type of garment .
Boca da Corrida Encumeada -LRB- moderate ; 5 hours -RRB- : views of Curral das Freiras and the valley of Ribeiro do Poco .
yep same here
If she was n't , how would they have known Jane Finn had got the papers ?
He bent down to study the tiny little jeweled gears .
as long as you got congressmen and senators that are getting kickbacks kickbacks from these different companies that are getting awarded for the defense contracts that 's never going to happen
an d now we got the governor she 's going to do that
uh whether one might conceive no pun intended of the possibility that there might be a kind of a deliberate uh um
The Report and Order , in large part , adopts the unanimous recommendations of the Hearing Aid Compatibility Negotiated Rulemaking Committee , an advisory committee established by the Federal Communications Commission in 1995 .
cook and then the next time it would be my turn and i 'd try to outdo him and then he 'd try to outdo me and we we was really a lot of fun and
i know that i did n't much uh-huh oh
well the channel eight when they came here thirteen fourteen years ago Dave Fox and Tracy Rowlett came together uh from Oklahoma City and apparently channel eight was way down and now they have turned it all around and done a pretty remarkable job and then
you did you see that
Regulation and the Nature of Postal Delivery Services , Ed .
Look , it 's your skin , but you 're going to be in trouble if you do n't get busy .
`` Give it to me . '' He handed it to her .
Strategic human capital management must be at the center of this transformation effort .
The first installment of the Star Wars Trilogy Special Edition opened in theaters everywhere .
It takes a deeper fire than most salamanders can stir , Ser Perth .
Personal Communication with P. Croteau , Babcock Borsig Power , August 2001 .
Around the corner is the huge , domed , Neo-Classical Panth ?? on .
Allow time in Thirasia to explore Santorini 's smaller sibling islands .
While headquarters staffing is to be streamlined , the staffing levels at the ports are to be maintained or increased .
She was quite young , not more than eighteen .
Today it is the effects of pollution that are taking their toll on Agra 's monuments .
True to his word to his faithful mare , Ca ` daan left Whitebelly in Fena Dim and borrowed Gray Cloud from his uncle .
no not it not no it 's a it 's not something
While AILA has joined the ACLU and other organizations in a Freedom of Information Act request to find out who is being detained where and why , Mohammed notes that the reasons for the immigrants ' detention were not immediately clear and sometimes had dire consequences .
Many Gothic and Renaissance buildings have been lovingly restored .
right just get you away from the everyday things that are going on we when the children were smaller we used to go to uh Delaware along the ocean ocean most every year and that was fun we stayed mostly in state parks and uh we really enjoyed that
Each edition of the DSM is the product of arguments , negotiations , and compromises .
Candle grease ?
He unleashed a 16-day reign of terror that left 300 Madeirans dead , stocks of sugar destroyed , and the island plundered .
so you know well a lot of the stuff you hear coming from South Africa now and from West Africa that 's considered world music because it 's not particularly using certain types of folk styles
Inside the Oval White House Tapes From FDR to Clinton
The experiment lasted only until Ahkenaten 's death when almost all records relating to the King were destroyed .
that 's hilarious to to get that jack off that 's right oh that 's a funny story
On the west side of the square is Old King 's House -LRB- built in 1762 -RRB- , which was the official residence of the British governor ; it was here that the proclamation of emancipation was issued in 1838 .
The last 12 years of his life are a blank .
It is really a matter of waiting . ''
A funny place for a piece of brown paper , I mused .
` Go now . '
yeah that 's that 's always nice when you have an animal that the kids can play with like that how old are the kids
They are all quotations from the Old Testament Book of Aunt Ruth .
The contrast between the landscape of the central highlands and the south coast could not be more marked .
They would burn to the ground by morning .
Yes , it does , admitted Tuppence .
oh my uh-huh uh-huh
Whether you drink beer or alcohol or not , a trip to Dublin is n't complete without a visit to some of its pubs do n't miss this experience .
A politician connected with the home service of his parliamentary section 's boss , with the mobile phone number 0-609-3459812 , and known for his lack of sense of humor , did not take too well to a message from ` Admirer ' - ` Wishes shovel best ' .
The doctor accepted quite readily the theory that Mrs. Vandemeyer had accidentally taken an overdose of chloral .
The next year , he built himself a palace , Iolani , which can still be toured in Honolulu .
This number represents the most reliable , albeit conservative , estimate of cases closed in 1999 by LSC grantees .
TEST ORGANISMS
and i 'm pretty happy with it so far
Two is enough for a secret .
From that spot she could see all of them and , should she need to , she could see through them as well .
On the second point , Judge Newton said in a recent interview , I 've heard this complaint a hundred times .
Acquaintances of mine have become Orthodox because of the codes .
Good Oklahoma now has a Public Guardianship Program , albeit unfunded , that will supply lawyers to perform this rights-monitoring process
A martini should be gin and vermouth and a twist .
other side that 's a good idea
The only drawback is , of course , the large crowds in summer .
The aggregate effect on the amount of federal government saving is what affects the level of national saving and economic growth .
But , when I discovered that it was known all over the village that it was John who was attracted by the farmer 's pretty wife , his silence bore quite a different interpretation .
i never managed to plan my departure right
Then he shrugged .
Corroborating evidence is independent evidence that supports information in the database .
Mr. Clinton rewards Mr. Knight for his fund raising , Mr. Gore lays the groundwork for his anticipated presidential bid four years from now , and the companies , by hiring Mr. Knight , get the administration 's ear .
Tommy had a healthy and vigorous appetite .
The most popular form of shadow theater is known as Wayang Siam .
They should have him be just a disembodied voice .
In the 19th century , when Kashmir was the most exotic hill-station of them all , the maharaja forbade the British to buy land there , so they then hit on the brilliant alternative of building luxuriously appointed houseboats moored on the lakes near Srinagar .
well do you know you have a ten limit a ten minute time limit well that 's okay and then they come on and tell you and they tell you got five seconds to say good-bye
However , co-requesters can not approve additional co-requesters or restrict the timing of the release of the product after it is issued .
In other words , the paper exhibited the all-too-typical journalistic tic of exposing potential conflicts of interest involving politicians while ignoring those involving journalists .
The Passaic office is refusing to join in that reconfiguration , which goes into effect Jan. .
Good-bye . '' Julius was bending over the car .
From the inventories of the initiatives they developed in response to our request , we asked agency officials to identify those agency components and initiatives that , in their view , had successfully involved and empowered employees .
Occasionally , he 'd wince and apologise for any incoherence .
You see , he said sadly , `` you have no instincts . ''
Chapter 1 provides general background information on emission control technologies .
You have to walk through it -RRB- .
i mean that 's a real attractive option if you have the the technology for it all it was was you know i mean she just used a phone modem and she was like she was sitting in the office
I see , said Tuppence thoughtfully .
Moreover , it is possible to have questions that require nested case studies .
The public health official 's version of the line , Take my wife , please , is Tell Americans to eat kale five times a week .
There is a good restaurant in the village , in addition to a well-stocked mini-market for self-catering visitors .
British action would n't have mattered .
Another quarter billion plus dollars of the total amount sought was earmarked to pay down operating debt accrued in past years .
Carmel Man , a relation of the Neanderthal family , lived here 600,000 years ago .
It was deserved .
In a new retrospective , the Vienna modernist -LRB- 1890-1918 -RRB- wins critics ' grudging respect .
Yet , in the mouths of the white townsfolk of Salisbury , N.C. , it sounds convincing .
These runs could cost far more than the value of the small improvement in service .
The Times says this tracking list is drawn up from information from bookstores , but publishers say they routinely call up the Times to tip them off to books selling with increasing momentum so that they can be added to the tracking list .
The islands ' names refer to the different force winds hitting them , not their topography .
How do you propose to get in touch with your would-be employers ?
Scutari is traditionally associated with the name of Florence Nightingale .
The 37 hectares -LRB- 91 acres -RRB- of garden are set on lands above the Wag Wag River , which twists through a steep and narrow valley .
Since the rules were issued as interim rules and not as general notices of proposed rulemaking , they are not subject to the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 .
Some bugs are hell to track down .
Just as in ancient times , without the River Nile , Egypt could not exist .
huh-uh i do n't even want to go anywhere yeah that 's about it
There is no tradition of clothes criticism that includes serious analysis , or even of costume criticism among theater , ballet , and opera critics , who do have an august writerly heritage .
The village is Sainte-Marie , named by the explorer when he landed on 4 November 1493 , attracted by the waterfalls and river he could see flowing down the green inland mountains .
What 's truly striking , though , is that Jobs has never really let this idea go .
uh-huh how about any matching programs
you know maybe it just was n't possible at all in the first place you know like the no new taxes thing you know that 's uh with the economy going the way it is and everything that was nearly ridiculous thing to
Or Sherlock Holmes ? ''
it 's so bad wanted to mow today i was off and i wanted to mow the yard but just walking across it it 's still so mushy if i took a mower out there i 'd tear the sod up so bad
Still , I guess that can be got over .
Perched on a steep slope , high in the Galilean hills , Safed -LRB- known also as Tzfat , Tsfat , Sefat , and Zefat -RRB- is a delightful village-town of some 22,000 people .
Ocho Rios is Spanish for eight rivers , but this name is not descriptive of the area .
him ? '' she asked .
yeah it 's true it is in in fact i have a friend of mine that moved to North Carolina she 's um an emergency room nurse she does the operating room
I have to tell you , I tried to understand it .
Once they know their Social Security benefits promised under current law , workers can calculate how much they can expect from employer-sponsored pension plans and how much they need to save on their own for retirement .
uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh yeah well that 's really neat
It can not be outlawed .
Named after the city gentleman and infamous burglar , it is one of the best-known pubs in the city .
-LRB- In the short run , higher-income taxpayers may pay more taxes , not less , if a capgains rate cut leads them to sell more assets than they otherwise would have done . -RRB-
yeah i have too and i found it real interesting but
So , which one of you ladies wants to go first .
This makes it incumbent on the government to create incentives to recruit new employees and retain older employees .
Dirt mounds surrounded the pit so that the spectators stood five or six people deep around the edge of the pit .
The almost midtown Massabielle quarter -LRB- faubourg de Massabielle -RRB- , is sometimes described as the most picturesque in the city .
Do you know how long we 've been here ? he asked one morning as they sat facing each other at breakfast .
I jumped , coat tails flapping .
IDAs are special in that low-income savers receive matching funds from federal and state governments as well as private sector organizations as an incentive to save .
A muckraking cover story investigates how the Pentagon disposes of surplus weapons -LRB- the short badly -RRB- .
Czesiek had suitable experience in the matter .
South Carolina has no referendum right , so the Supreme Court canceled the vote and upheld the ban .
` Would you like some tea ? '
A Newsday story on this incident reports that , Toobin said through a Random House spokesman ...
You will need-all of you will need-to be highly visible personally and professionally .
What about the hole ? '' They scanned the cliff-side narrowly .
Much of Among Giants affords an agreeable blend of the gritty and the synthetic , and the two main actors are a treat .
While documenting the basis for judgments can be more difficult than documenting nonjudgmental information , overall the chain of evidence or audit trail techniques should not pose any greater difficulty for GAO evaluators than our documentation procedures for other evaluation methods .
Splendid !
And you are wrong in condemning it .
and to have children and just get a day care or someone to take care of it and not really have the bonding process that takes place with babies and stuff you know
Could you please speak to this issue , with regard to the social ramifications of gum chewing in public ?
was it bad
You did not understand that he believed Mademoiselle Cynthia guilty of the crime ?
Troyes is also a center for shopping , with two outlet centers selling both French and international designer-name fashions and home accessories .
Alonissos has been settled longer than any other Aegean island , estimated by archaeologists to date from 100,000 b.c. , and was valued by many leaders in classical Greek times .
We should seek to achieve the most good or benefit , with the least harm and destruction of things that we value , he argued .
The Varanasi Hindu University has an Art Museum with a superb collection of 16th-century Mughal miniatures , considered superior to the national collection in Delhi .
But , as the last problem I 'll outline suggests , neither of the previous two objections matters .
It was planned in the 1820s as a symbol of Scottish national pride and designed as a mini-Parthenon , in deference to the neoclassical style popular at the time .
While the NIPA measure reflects how government saving affects national saving available for investment , the unified budget measure is the more common frame of reference for discussing federal fiscal policy issues .
Your speeches are inflammatory .
We must re-examine the base , including our current human capital policies and practices .
oh yes how well i know i was laid off last year but i was i was lucky because i was one of the first groups to go
oh that 's accommodating
The pieces are unloaded and fed into sorting machines .
he 's not a starter
Beside the fortress lies an 18th-century caravanserai , or inn , which has been converted into a hotel , and now hosts regular folklore evenings of Turkish dance and music .
go up to state parks with six shelters and little screened in areas and then travel trailers and all the way up to conference center type campings that have uh you know air conditioning like hotels with uh
Though the two cities remained unlinked by rail , this was about to change quickly .
There is an exhibition of highland dress , showing how it developed through the centuries .
His arm came up over his eyes , cutting off the glare .
While documenting the basis for judgments can be more difficult than documenting nonjudgmental information , overall the chain of evidence or audit trail techniques should not pose any greater difficulty for GAO evaluators than our documentation procedures for other evaluation methods .
They capitalized on the natural resources by using the salt to cure fish , which they exported to their home country .
Indeed , recent economic research suggests that investment in information technology explains most of the acceleration in labor productivity growth-a major component of overall economic growth-since 1995 .
Despite huge projected increases in food production , per capita food consumption in South Asia , the Middle East , and the less-developed nations of Africa will scarcely improve or will actually decline below present inadequate levels .
LASNNY is one of the oldest and most cost-effective legal services organizations in the United States .
We are assured of success ? ''
but uh these guys were actually on the road uh two thousand miles from from home when they had to file their uh their final exams and send them in
It is the official solution , Liq .
The riotous revelry roars right past Mardi Gras -LRB- Shrove Tuesday -RRB- when red-costumed children star as devils , to its peak on Ash Wednesday .
The baby 's father responded by filing a wrongful death suit .
News argues that most of America 's 93 million volunteers are n't doing much good .
LSC set a deadline of October 1 , 1998 , for submission of state planning reports .
Title IV of the Clean Air Act -LRB- relating to acid deposition control -RRB-
The questions may need to be tailored to
Indiana Legal Services -LRB- ILS -RRB- Executive Director Norman Metzger and Colleen Cotter , Director of the ILS Indiana Justice Center , were marvelous hosts .
There are slave irons , traditional island costumes , and an interesting French map of 1778 showing the theatre de la guerre -LRB- theater of war -RRB- between the Americans and the British .
There is a roller coaster up there as well , but experienced riders consider it too slow and uneventful despite the altitude .
Two clues in the Pennsylvania 1 -RRB- The boy had said , I 'm going to go to the dinner dance and kill some people .
Perhaps all we can say of great acting is that it involves assimilation rather than accumulation , that the performer is n't so much a surrogate as a vessel .
The experts point out that it is not age alone that determines a Chinese antique 's value the dynasties of the past had their creative ups and downs .
And yet , we still lack a set of global accounting and reporting standards that reflects the globalization of economies , enterprises , and markets .
yeah i it just totally ridiculous i mean the Israeli 's could have fixed the whole problem years ago if they just sent sent their guys in there and killed Saddam
And really it 's a great relief to think he 's going , Hastings , continued my honest friend .
A group of guys went out for a drink after work , and sitting at the bar was a real a 6 foot blonde with a fabulous face and figure to match .
It was worth the trip for that .
He says men are here .
Students of human misery can savor its underlying sadness and futility .
Mr. Inglethorp , said the Coroner , `` you have heard your wife 's dying words repeated here .
It is constrained by laws and regulations formulated by Congress over more than two centuries .
and they 're more independent and there 's things to do then it 's good for them to go to different i mean it he goes to a a mother 's day out program now once a week both of my kids do
what do you think about uh about our new governor since she happens to be a female
She has believed that the sleeping draught she administered was perfectly harmless , but there is no doubt that for one terrible moment she must have feared that Mrs. Inglethorp 's death lay at her door .
Each caters to a specific crowd , so hunt around until you find the one right for you .
Legal Services Corp. , 02-CV-3866 , names as defendants the national Legal Services Corp. , which distributes federal grants to providers , and Legal Services of New Jersey , which distributes state money .
9th circa b.c.First signs of pre-Roman Etruscans
Control activities occur at all levels and functions of the entity .
The ITC has enlisted legal services attorneys from across the state to manage each of the 12 categories , and those volunteers will organize contributions and add them to a searchable database .
right and that was back in nineteen fifty nine
We saw a whole new model develop - a holistic approach to lawyering , one-stop shopping , she said .
And truly , the father was right , his son had already experienced everything , tried everything , and was interested in less and less .
He leaned over Tommy , his face purple with excitement .
Beginning with his unsuccessful reconnoitring at Bournemouth , he passed on to his return to London , the buying of the car , the growing anxieties of Tuppence , the call upon Sir James , and the sensational occurrences of the previous night .
appropriate agency representatives , help resolve
Closed on Friday .
Don Saunders attended from the NLADA .
We have taken a number of steps to empower and invest in our employees .
I lay awake waiting until I judged it must be about two o'clock in the morning .
As he emerged , Boris remarked , glancing up at the clock : `` You are early .
`` So your girl writes that your little farewell activity did n't fare so well , eh ? '' he chortled .
COST ASSIGNMENT - A process that identifies costs with activities , outputs , or other cost objects .
Although claims data provide the most accurate information about health care use , ensuring adequate follow-up for purposes of obtaining information from patient self-report is important because many people do not report alcohol-related events to insurance compa-nies .
because i i mean i do n't know it 's just something i think something we need
we have tickets waiting for us
INTEREST RATE - The price charged per unit of money borrowed per year , or other unit of time , usually expressed as a percentage .
GAO also issued over 160 reports detailing specific findings and made over 100 recommendations to agencies and to the President 's Council on Year 2000 Conversion for improving the government 's readiness .
and they have a bar also which is always crowded as can be but it 's it 's an specially fine restaurant and when you consider they take no plastic or checks
In a magical space looking out over the sea , the beautifully sculpted columns of the cloister create a perfect framework of grace and delicacy for a moment 's meditation .
Tuppence frowned .
All the steps of data reduction and coding are described , along with the basis for transformations in these steps .
The company later told us that it had discontinued the program because of its adverse effect on employee morale .
Only trouble was , they had infinite ammunition ... we only had so many bullets .
Even analysts who had argued for loosening the old standards , by which the market was clearly overvalued , now think it has maxed out for a while .
A 1997 Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation survey found that Americans in managed care plans are basically content with their own care .
IDPA 's OIG 's mission is to prevent , detect , and eliminate fraud , waste , abuse , and misconduct in various payment programs .
you do n't think it 's a deterrent
John Kasich dropped his presidential bid .
Even the lower limit of that differential compounds to a hefty sum over time .
But they reached a shrubbery near the house quite unmolested .
and and so you know like every other day or or so they have like movies for a dollar Sometimes they 're even free i think uh they showed uh Chima Para Diso free
i was trying to think about some of my favorite people that i liked in music and they 're none of them are recent right
I went on , ` I 'm going to warn you , whether you like it or not .
Meet the Press host Tim Russert took his Christmas vacation five days early by letting Rep.
Closed on Friday .
The guidelines do not apply to inpatient hospital services and hospice services and will be used by Medicare fiscal intermediaries to determine the maximum allowable costs of the therapy services .
This one-at-a-time , uncoordinated series of regulatory requirements for the power industry is not the optimal approach for the environment , the power generation sector , or American consumers .
Research and development is composed of
In a moment or two he was back .
The credibility of the United States working with its European partners in NATO is on the line .
A rusty iron gate swinging dismally on its hinges !
yeah okay yeah those games are fun to watch you you you watch those games
In 1923 , Turkey broke away from the tired Ottoman rulers , and Kemal Ataturk rose to power on a wave of popular support .
Increased saving by current generations would expand the nation 's capital stock , allowing future generations to better afford the nation 's retirement costs while also enjoying higher standards of living .
When he 's ready for a major strike , how many innocents do you suppose are going to suffer ? To quote one of your contemporaries ; ` The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few . ' '
-LRB- Never mind the strictest reading , which supposes that creation took a week . -RRB-
Against his own advice , Ca ` daan dared to stare off the edge once as they neared the end .
Decline in total expenditure -LRB- income -RRB- elasticity of demand from 0.36 to 0.25 over same period .
The rise of the British Empire in India had begun .
Then Shuman claims that Linux provides no graphical user interface .
He reported masterfully on the '72 campaign and the Hell 's Angels .
i think that the people that are um have um a lower income which you automatically equate with lower education
Generally , FGD systems tend to be constructed closer to the ground compared to SCR technology retrofits .
Two aromatic aniseed drinks are also produced locally .
you want to punch the button and go
In addition , Saracens invaded the Provencal coast from North Africa , and Magyar armies attacked Lor?raine and Bur?gun?dy .
I leap ! '' And , in very truth , run and leap he did , gambolling wildly down the stretch of lawn outside the long window .
It 's very hard to believe , for anyone who knows me well , but I was actually speechless for a period , Zelon said .
The call is coming from inside the house !
Eighty percent of pagers in the United States were knocked out by a satellite malfunction in space .
` Do n't worry , ' he whispered .
and uh it may be a Mexican pizza sometimes both together um along with and see it which is really funny too you know normally she goes straight for vegetables except when she 's having French fries
Possible Clinton had sex with her , but it was n't rape .
And that squatting he does -- it 's as uncomfortable as it looks .
It is not possible to walk up through the water as at Dunn 's River , but steps have been erected at the side of the water to take you to a platform at the foot of the first cascade .
Two aromatic aniseed drinks are also produced locally .
` These are human lives .
Pro-Microsoft analysts spin this as a heroic sacrifice , removing the lightning rod whose seemingly disingenuous testimony has ostensibly driven the DOJ to the verge of demanding the company 's breakup .
A contract that provides for a firm price or in
The loss of technical competence through downsizing was sufficiently pervasive that FFC , in conjunction with TBR and the NAVFAC , conducted the Government/Industry Forum on Capital Facilities and Core Competencies in March 1998 .
But a list of who 's better than other people in some aspect or another is not inevitable and does not make the economy any more prosperous or society any richer in other ways .
There are also dozens of fabulous pictures .
In short , most of the whale is incompressible .
At the end of the show is a cluster of popular sportswear with Tommy Hilfiger , Donna Karan , Nautica , the Gap , and such names applied to it .
` Of course . '
The organizations usually allowed individual members who had changed employers to continue participation .
These alone could have valuable uses .
I was soon strong enough to move .
Shortly after stepping out on the bridge , Jon felt the entire walkway narrow .
Nabatean trading town on the route from Gaza to Petra .
But the most sustained assault on Orientalism 's premises , and on its prestige , came from the left .
Lucy screamed , I 've got to know .
Auditors are strongly encouraged to comply with the guidance provided by GAGAS .
Critics call the subject of the film inherently intriguing but complain that it has been marred by the Burnsian sensibility , ...
Gary Oldman turns himself into some sort of gigantic hominid-bat creature and flaps about in Dracula . The Vampire Master in John Carpenter 's Vampires can fly down the road fast enough to catch a speeding car and can stick to the ceiling of a motel room .
It 's absurd but I ca n't help it . Sir James nodded again .
ECONOMETRIC MODEL - An equation or a set of related equations used to analyze economic data through mathematical and statistical techniques .
uh right now we 're actually having uh it 's getting nice i mean it was in the high fifties today but three and a half weeks ago we had an ice storm
Very well '' but it 's all extremely mysterious . We were running into Tadminster now , and Poirot directed the car to the `` Analytical Chemist . '' Poirot hopped down briskly , and went inside .
Are you sure we should take him down there ? ' Greuze asked Natalia .
More than 100 judges , lawyers and dignitaries were present for the gathering .
and the like a guy does it and he has his own pigs
Where alternative country runs into trouble is its tendency to ignore what 's durable about country in favor of its stereotypical hay-bales-and-whiskey-bottles shtick .
He did not immediately recognize Tuppence .
What Ellison is doing here , as Hemingway did , is equating the process of becoming an artist with that of becoming a man .
well that 's pretty typical though uh i do n't uh i do n't guess it 's going to be any much different uh than than it has been in the past so i expect uh July and August we 'll see our or uh share of hundred degree days
Strom Thurmond , R-S.C . , celebrated his 95 th birthday by announcing that he will relinquish the chairmanship of the Senate Armed Services Committee a year from now .
That could n't happen in a sane world , either .
Also , the final rule is not intended to have any retroactive effect and administrative procedures must be exhausted prior to any judicial challenge to the provisions of the rule .
Two bronze lions , carrying out feng shui principles , guard its doors .
The celebrity-obsessed magazine surpasses itself in the post-Oscar issue .
Disney CEO Eisner , who 's actually underrated as a pop-culture maven -LRB- he was responsible for Happy Days and Welcome Back , Kotter -RRB- , insists that ABC 's downturn is cyclical and that it will soon return to life .
so we 've been out here well really in the house since December and we 've been uh planting flowers that we could never plant in San Antonio uh
The second missing benefit includes gains in environmental quality , especially improved health benefits .
and i and i may have been the only one that did both because the mentality in Dallas was that you could n't like both you had to like one and hate the other
Last year , that campaign - primarily among private attorneys - drew less than $ 40,000 while the Nashville legal aid fund-raising garnered more than $ 500,000 .
Additional information is provided to help managers incorporate the standards into their daily operations .
no nobody 's going to bother you
The center had become a hodgepodge of unconnected programs -- a day-care center , a library , a nonviolence training school .
Never know where they wo n't turn up next .
and uh really they 're about it they 've got a guy named Herb Williams that that i guess sort of was supposed to take the place of uh Tarpley but he uh he just does n't have the offensive skills
Fixing current levels of damage would be impossible .
i think we have too thank you very much you too bye-bye
it would probably be a lot more work and probably not turn out as good
Knowing this can help workers understand that some combination of revenue increases and benefit reductions will be necessary to restore the program 's long-term solvency .
Also , the tobacco executives who told Congress they did n't consider nicotine addictive might now be prosecuted for fraud and perjury .
Excellent reviews for the collaboration between two of the '90s ' most acclaimed jazz saxophonists .
Also , I will be assuming that the 6.0 a cost of the Postal Service to take the mail from basic to workshared condition is constant as limited quantities of mail move back and forth between basic and workshared .
-LRB- j -RRB- Promotional items a member receives as a consequence of using travel or transportation services procured by the United States or accepted pursuant to 31
but how do you know the good from the bad
Regulators may not be totally supportive of a more comprehensive business model because they are concerned that the information would be based on a lot of judgment and , therefore , lack of precision , which could make enforcement of reporting standards difficult .
It can entail prospective and retrospective designs and it permits synthesis of many individual case studies undertaken at different times and in different sites .
Unless the political culture changes drastically , there will always be one or more independent prosecutors investigating the administration of the day and/or past administrations , anyway .
I understand , mademoiselle , I understand all you feel .
Additionally , GAO 's FederalInformationSystemControlsAuditManualis now used by most major federal audit entities to evaluate computerrelated controls .
Most of Slate will not be published next week , the third and last of our traditional summer weeks off .
kind of kind of nothing i wo n't have anything to do with
Pesticide concentrations should not exceed USEPA 's Ambient Water Quality chronic criteria values where available .
She gave the girl clothes and gifts and took her to her Connecticut estate for weekend pony rides , according to the Star . How was I supposed to compete with that ?
The centralization dear to Richelieu and Louis XIV was becoming a reality .
Dublin has international restaurants galore , and the New Irish Cuisine is built upon fresh products of Ireland 's seas , rivers , and farms .
those little kids do n't understand it
um-hum what is your worst then
well Dana it 's been really interesting and i appreciate talking with you
In this situation , the value to the mailer of the improved service would be considered along with the cost of doing the work .
The original wax models of the river gods are on display in the Civic Museum .
Adrin heard of a young king in the south who fought against slavers and had an ivory skinned raven-haired swordswoman at his side .
So unlike people who are fortunate enough to be able to afford attorneys and can go to another lawyer , our clients are simply lost in the legal system if they can not get access to it from us .
Anyway , she was found dead this morning . ''
no chemicals and plus then you can use it as a fertilizer and not have to worry about spreading those chemicals like on your lawn or your bushes or whatever
36 AC usage nationally for mercury control from power plants should be roughly proportional to the total MWe of coal-fired facilities that are equipped with the technology -LRB- this assumes an average capacity factor of 85 percent and other assumptions of Tables 4-4 and 4-5 -RRB- .
But it 's for us to get busy and do something . ''
A re-created street of colonial Macau is lined with traditional Chinese shops .
Last year , Arafat cracked down on Hamas after a string of bombings in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem , arresting more than 1,200 suspected terrorists , destroying Hamas safe houses , and confiscating its weapons caches .
I am so constituted as to be unable to give away money with any satisfaction until I have made the most careful inquiry as to the worthiness of the cause .
Additionally , GAO 's FederalInformationSystemControlsAuditManualis now used by most major federal audit entities to evaluate computerrelated controls .
She was alone at last with the president !
By placing '' one card '' on another '' with mathematical '' precision ! '' I watched the card house rising under his hands , story by story .
i 've even heard of some people being sexually abused
In the midst of a final desultory polishing of her silver , Tuppence was disturbed by the ringing of the front door bell , and went to answer it .
It hopes to bring on another 25 or 35 people when the new building opens next fall .
Excellent reviews for the collaboration between two of the '90s ' most acclaimed jazz saxophonists .
` You burned down my house . '
This points to a final press-friendly quality of McCain ' brilliant flattery .
Sadly , vandals removed all the tomb 's spectacular treasures , but they did leave the gentle beauty of rose and poppies in rich inlaid stones of onyx , green chrysolite , carnelian , and variegated agate .
This includes all testing , information review , and interviews related to data reliability .
The man had probably heard him urinating or maybe even noticed the change of his breath as he awoke .
it 's so bad wanted to mow today i was off and i wanted to mow the yard but just walking across it it 's still so mushy if i took a mower out there i 'd tear the sod up so bad
from from personal parties or from these uh phone answering phone uh commercial things
11 These departures permit them take advantage of the lower cost of living as well as to be reunited with their spouses and children .
You will remember my saying that it was wise to beware of people who were not telling you the truth . ''
All the Eilat activities can be booked through Red Sea Sports -LRB- see Scuba Diving , below -RRB- .
Sadly , vandals removed all the tomb 's spectacular treasures , but they did leave the gentle beauty of rose and poppies in rich inlaid stones of onyx , green chrysolite , carnelian , and variegated agate .
Great mistake to say too much .
yeah pay fifteen yeah yes i know yeah and when you pay fifteen dollars a month it sure takes a long time
We are also advocating enhanced reporting in connection with key federal performance and projection information .
Look here , you 've been asking me a lot of questions .
Postal Service data to define the relationship between costs and cost drivers .
Clearly , yes .
It describes six applications of case study methods , including the purposes and pitfalls of each , and explains similarities and differences among the six .
The policy succeeded , and I was fortunate to have had the opportunity to make that contribution to my people .
One of them , darker skinned , had hair braided into two lines .
The National Football League semifinals are set .
Crosethe Rue de Rivoli to the Palais-Royal , built for Car?di?nal Richelieu as his Paris residence in 1639 , and originally named Palais-Cardinal .
I did so .
On the days I go to my office , I wear a flannel shirt with no necktie if the weather is cool .
Most of the Clinton women were in their 20s at the time of their Clinton encounter
The idea that Clinton 's approval represents something new and immoral in the country is historically shortsighted .
The Indigenous Project , a new program run by the Oregon Law Center , is one of only a handful of places in the United States where indigenous farmworkers from Mexico and Central America can find free and confidential legal aid .
yeah well the jury that originally sentenced him sentenced him to death
Gerth 's prize-winning articles do not mention a CIA report concluding that U.S. security was not harmed by the 1996 accident review .
In 392 the Emperor Theodosius proclaimed Christianity to be the official religion of the Roman Empire , and on his death in 395 the empire was split once more , between his two sons , and was never again to be reunited .
Classic Castilian restaurant .
For the beginner ' and for most others , too ' Beaune is the place to buy .
i think that yeah i think and i i think that 's real important
The panels are to collect advice and recommendations from representatives of affected small entities as part of their deliberative process .
Just north of the Shalom Tower is the Yemenite Quarter , its main attractions being the bustling Carmel market and good Oriental restaurants .
We 've got to think .
huh-uh i do n't even want to go anywhere yeah that 's about it
it depends a lot of uh a lot of things were thought that uh as you know the farmers thought okay we got chemicals we 're putting chemicals on the field well the ground will naturally filter out the
In that case , price discrimination can survive .
The order was founded by James VII -LRB- James II of England -RRB- and continues today .
GQ editor Art Cooper reportedly received two $ 1-million loans , one for a Manhattan apartment , the other for a Connecticut farm .
Exhibit 3 presents total national emissions of NOx and SO2 from all sectors , including power .
These gardens used to belong to the governor 's mountain lodge , but the building was demolished by the Japanese during the occupation of Hong Kong .
Of course I had a watch kept on Mr. Inglethorp , hoping that sooner or later he would lead me to the hiding-place .
U.S. civil legal services delivery system .
Loire Valley
I will some day , if you ask me , she promised him , smiling .
yeah well that 's the other thing you know they talk about women leaving the home and going out to work well still taking care of the children is a very important job and and someone 's got to do it and be able to do it right and
at least i 'm going to give it a try cause you can see i mean the oil filters i mean you can touch it it 's right there
But if banks , airlines , and communications companies accept key recovery , the terrorists will risk potential exposure every time they do business with those institutions .
For fiscal year 1996 , Congress determined that the Commission should recover $ 126,400,000 in costs , an amount 8.6 percent higher than required in fiscal year 1995 .
you know some of the really the really emotional ones have you followed the Dallas elections on zoning
With him was the evil-looking Number 14 .
She did not reply .
He seemed too self-assured .
A fine Crusader arch leads down a dimly-lit broad stairway to the dark subterranean Church of the Assumption , a Greek Orthodox church .
The national mood is stressed on the octagonal spire of the University 's Rajabai Clocktower , with 24 figures representing the castes of the Maharashtra State , of which Mumbai is the capital .
After the purge of foreigners , only a few stayed on , strictly confined to Dejima Island in Nagasaki Bay .
but uh TV is something that we try to not um deliberately try not to get hung up on it like you say
Revenue is recognized from forfeited property unless the property is distributed to state or local law enforcement agencies or foreign
Executives do so by examining their internal environments and asking a series of questions about the problems that need fixing , how information technology and management can help , and how a CIO might best fit within their management structures to guide technology solutions .
While the Freedom of Information Act , the Trade Secrets Act , and other statutes may generally protect certain categories of information from disclosure by an agency to the public , this protection does not justify withholding the information from GAO .
By placing '' one card '' on another '' with mathematical '' precision ! '' I watched the card house rising under his hands , story by story .
` The autopilot 's damaged - will the train still slow down ? '
Maps of hiking trails are available at the Government Publications Ceter , Low Block , Government Offices , 66 Queensway in Central .
Analytical Perspectives .
Some experts say there 's a greater chance of a making a catch in the cooler days of spring and autumn , and in the hours after sunset .
I do n't know all the answers , fella .
The man who had once come up with a has-been corner skit , in which , as Zmuda recalls , forgotten performers would be sent out to flounder in front of an audience ...
The cathedral in particular is impressive after dark .
In most methods , we plan for data collection , then we collect the information , then we analyze it , and then we write the report .
A student visa overstayer is not going to be a high priority for pro bono assistance .
and these comments were considered in formulating the interim rules .
yeah yeah so it 's interesting to talk to somebody from that general vicinity
This provides insight into the important Japanese concept of katachi -LRB- form -RRB- , the rough equivalent of It is n't what you do ; it 's the way that you do it .
The renowned Theban queen Nefertari , wife of Ramses II , has the most ornate tomb -LRB- number 66 -RRB- but it is not always accessible .
Chapter 1 : His real name was Leonard Franklin Slye .
yeah because i was saying to him i said i 'm not that heavy i 'm not heavy you know maybe ten to fifteen pounds like any other human being
But of course the DSM is informed by social values .
For their part , family-planning organizations and the Clinton administration seem equally adamant .
The rain had stopped , but the green glow painted everything around them .
Do n't remember .
But the door was locked ? '' These exclamations burst from us disjointedly .
Marina del Rey is another , where you can also charter a yacht .
Then he turned to Tommy .
Because of the casualties , Lind says , the United States would eventually have had to leave Vietnam anyway .
God i 'm envious
We still espouse a God-given right of human beings to use the environment for their benefit , says Barrett Duke of the Southern Baptists .
The Weekly Standard argues that America should back Lee with words now and , if necessary , military force later , but the Washington Post reports that the U.S. envoys will pressure him to back down .
Moreover , these excise taxes , like other taxes , are determined through the exercise of the power of the Government to compel payment .
For big Raj-buffs , the supreme example of Indo-Gothic style is the Victoria Terminus , affectionately abbreviated to VT nowadays , once the railway station that launched adventures inland , now handling mostly suburban traffic .
Come on , let 's have tea .
The day may well come , as Barlow and Dyson seem to believe , when book publishers as we know them will disappear .
What have we for lunch ?
well the parts to to me i spent twenty two dollars on the parts
At the western end of Cowgate -LRB- where it meets Holyrood Road -RRB- , you will see one of the few remaining sections of Edinburgh 's old city wall -LRB- Flodden Wall -RRB- , built following the Lang Siege of the 1570s .
yeah i know and i did that all through college and it worked too
Her voice was doubtful .
` But if White has any designs at all on living , he 'll be as far from Little as he can possibly get by now . '
because i always had to do it and so i just pay someone else to do it and they do the they do the cutting they fertilize they um edge and um i think this year i 'm going to have some landscaping put in
The tabs are getting fed up with women who have become rich and famous by telling everyone else how to be better .
Well ? cried Tommy eagerly .
It has long been influenced by their differing traits , and has assimilated their various customs and practices .
Annette told me how you 'd escaped .
New York Times Book Review Editor Charles McGrath , a former deputy to William Shawn at the New Yorker , calls Lillian Ross ' memoir about her affair with Shawn on occasion factually inaccurate or misleading and a betrayal of Shawn 's high editorial principles .
After several years of private practice from 1982-90 , he became the judge of Decatur County Court for a year .
On the easternmost tip of Jamaica stands Morant Point Lighthouse , built in 1841 .
and uh i 'm originally from Virginia and uh and my memories of summer have always been that stifling humidity
A little past the small theater built for local dramatic performances , there 's a fine view across the bay to Basse-Terre .
8 Follow-up to the May 8 , 2001 , Hearing Regarding the IRS Restructuring Act 's Goals and IRS Funding -LRB- GAO-01-903R , June 29 , 2001 -RRB- , and IRS Continued Improvement in Management Capability Needed to Support Long-Term Transformation
Oh yeah ? San Barenakedino ? How 's he ? Clarisse and Onardo both asked .
I feel , though , that I should like to point out to you once more the risks you are running , especially if you pursue the course you indicate .
Consider the Globe : As the respectable media have become sleazy , the Globe has become sleazier .
all right thanks bye bye
Err ... I do n't know .
Have her show it , '' said Thorn .
that 's true um-hum well that 's true the America 's paying all this money to have other people give uh aid to other countries so they could be paying their own people and training their own people at the same time
What and who will they tax ?
He argued that these governors shared the congressional Republican agenda enshrined in the 1994 Contract With America .
Also , why Princess Di was like President The public cared more about her empathy than about her actions .
Founded in 1979 , AFFIRM 's members include information resource management professionals within the federal , academic , and industry sectors .
well in a way you can travel light
Among the allegations is that Tokyo Joe -- listen , he calls himself that -- duped subscribers to his e-mail advisory , exaggerating his annual returns by leaving out losing trades .
i think Buffalo is an up an coming team they 're going to they 're showing some real promise for the next uh few years
Ca ` daan felt his skin get hot and unable to come up with any suitable response , moved on .
On the platform stood an altar and a large stone pillar .
The mansions have been downgraded to consulates since the capital was transferred to Ankara in 1923 , and modern shops and restaurants have sprung up .
We have heard , seen this pattern before .
yeah and then about every five years you have to dig them up and throw them away and start over again they do n't last forever
On the Use of Generalized Additive Models in Time-Series Studies of Air Pollution and Health .
um-hum right do where are you at what state
um i 've visited the Wyoming area i 'm not sure exactly where Dances with Wolves was filmed
For example , the CFO Council and the Office of Management and Budget -LRB- OMB -RRB- are aggressively working on eight priority initiatives outlined in the1998 Federal Financial Management Status Report and FiveYear Plan .
As shown in Exhibits A-1 and A-2 in Appendix A , in the first phase of technology implementation , an engineering review and assessment of the combustion unit is conducted to determine the preferred compliance alternative .
and take it easy now good night
Many Lakeland hotels also quote a D , B and B -LRB- dinner , bed , and breakfast -RRB- rate , which includes the evening meal and is often quite cost-effective .
And , just incidentally , the Sons of the Egg who 'd attacked him in the hospital had tried to reach the camp twice already , once by interpenetrating into a shipment of mandrakes , which indicated to what measures they would resort .
We always knew it was an outside chance .
Their ideas and initiatives can be implemented at the local and national levels .
The living is not equal to the Ritz , he observed with a sigh .
Bush the elder came of age when New England Republicans led the party , and patrician manners were boons to a Republican .
The FCC has created two tiers of small business for this service with the approval of the SBA .
Republican consultants agree that conservative candidates in the South , Southwest , Midwest , and Rocky Mountains will beg for Reed 's talents and connections .
Local residents will tell you where to find them .
Unrest and some political extremism have surfaced from time to time , but since aid from France is so vital , and French customs so ingrained , it seems almost inconceivable that the FWI will seek total independence as other Caribbean islands have done .
Our efforts having been in vain , we had abandoned the matter , hoping that it might turn up of itself one day .
oh i 'll bet they did
There 214 was some talk of sending me to a specialist in Paris .
Hang it all ! said Tommy indignantly .
The case law is a whole body unto itself .
and these poor guys out there uh trying to uphold the law um i do n't know i kind of think they should bring back capital punishment
This historically renowned freshwater lake , known both as the Sea of Galilee and Lake Kinneret -LRB- meaning a harp , after its shape -RRB- , is just 58 km -LRB- 36 miles -RRB- in circumference .
Fruit , vegetables , electronics , and a little bit of everything else is on sale here .
` So I assume he hacked into the autopilot and reprogrammed it to - '
Does anyone know what happened to chaos ?
I do n't know what I would have done without Legal Services , said James .
We should n't have been here as soon as this even , if it had n't been for the fact that there was a smart doctor on the spot , who gave us the tip through the Coroner .
yeah i went to i went to uh Rice and we had the marching owl band which is quite a it 's not known for its musical abilities more so its um comedy abilities
Look out for that overseer up there .
He celebrated the fact by announcing that the capital would be moved from Calcutta to a whole new city to be built in Delhi .
She will step down from the court in December 2002 .
A portion of the nation 's income , in turn , is saved , allowing for additional investment in domestic factories , equipment , and other forms of capital that workers use to produce more goods and services or for investment abroad .
The Cooper Building forms the heart of L.A. 's Garment District , which is located southeast of central Downtown on Los Angeles Street .
In the same issue , a document entitled Analysis Regarding The Food And Drug Administration 's Jurisdiction Over Nicotine-Containing Cigarettes And Smokeless Tobacco Products was published and comments were requested .
So , as he and Tipper walked out , my friend and I were right behind them , and I took the opportunity to say hello and reintroduce myself -- as a journalist , I might add -- and we chatted about the movie for a few minutes .
If the face has been getting longer at the bottom over the generations , it has been getting shorter -LRB- and broader -RRB- on top .
Even as more people are accumulating balances through employer-sponsored 401 -LRB- k -RRB- saving plans and individual retirement accounts , personal saving-which does not reflect gains on existing assets-has declined .
Ricky Martin was filming his triumphant return to the gay porn industry .
-LSB- I -RSB- n You 're the Top Porter does not capitalize on the text 's potential for realism .
The leaves of the papyrus were dried and used by Ancient Egyptians as a form of paper .
Expectations that the ANC would oversee land reform -- returning land seized during apartheid 's forced migrations -- and wealth redistribution have not been met .
As a result , EPA could not ensure that it was directing its efforts toward the environmental problems that were of greatest concern to citizens or posed the greatest risk to the health of the population or the environment itself .
But it was quite a natural suggestion for a layman to make . ''
once you have something and it 's like i was watching this program on TV yesterday in nineteen seventy six NASA came up with Three D graphics right
De Wit worked from likenesses of actual monarchs to produce his portraits .
When people are late , it makes it hard to keep things working in a rational fashion .
yeah well we veered from the subject
The other bank pays the fund interest based upon tiered account levels , more typical of a large commercial account .
well his knees were bothering him yeah
The Congress also told LSC that it could not continue to fund its grantees presumptively and that it must begin to distribute its funds on a competitive basis .
Christ on a crutch , what does he have to do to lose your support , stab David Geffen with a kitchen knife ?
is that what you ended up going into
Net nonfederal saving
But even managers who try to stay alert to these forces often gather their information anecdotally or informally .
The large scale production of entertainment films is a phenomenon well worth seeing several times .
The increased investment has contributed to higher GDP growth in recent years , and the stronger economy should help in servicing the debt owed to foreigners .
More detailed implementation plans also will be necessary to address business system , processes , and resource issues .
Porches and stoops , those symbols of a vibrant social life , stopped being used as gathering places for a rather practical reason -- air conditioning .
There is uncertainty associated with all of the numbers presented in this paper due to sampling error and estimation error in econometric estimation procedure used to recover household-level demand functions
ECONOMETRIC MODEL - An equation or a set of related equations used to analyze economic data through mathematical and statistical techniques .
For himself he chose Atat ?? rk , or Father of the Turks .
2 -RRB- This particular instance of it stinks .
Unfortunately , the magnet schools began the undoing of desegregation in Charlotte .
you know we keep a couple hundred dollars um if that much charged on those which is n't too bad it 's just your normal
The next year , he was expelled from Rand as a security risk after local police caught him engaging in a lewd act in a public men 's room near Muscle Beach .
i think it 's ninety two
An Indian traveler described the prosperous Bujang Valley settlement as the seat of all felicities .
They copied Louis XIV 's centralized administration and tax-collection , and by the 18th century Turin was a sparkling royal capital built , quite unlike any other Italian city , in classical French manner .
Its scorecard included measures for accuracy , speed and timeliness , unit cost , customer satisfaction , and employee development and satisfaction .
they do n't allow they do n't do that
The entire setup has an anti-competitive , anti-entrepreneurial flavor that rewards political lobbying rather than good business practices .
that would be good what 'd you say
Not quite as large is the Papal Crose commemorating Pope John Paul II 's visit in 1979 , when more than one million people gathered to celebrate mass .
In fact , European nations need to do some serious fiscal housecleaning .
The conversation he had overheard had stimulated his curiosity .
But Fish is not an upbeat pragmatist .
We look forward to receiving comments from the readers of this paper .
football and baseball and
Catch up on the Indian avant-garde and the bohemian people of Caletta at the Academy of Fine Arts on the southeast corner of the Maidan .
Together they had a force of 130 attorneys and the responsibility to serve the civil legal needs of about 550,000 poor and vulnerable people throughout the state .
Improved products and services Initiate actions and manage risks to develop new products and services within or outside the organization .
if it had rained any more in the last two weeks instead of planting Saint Augustine grass in the front yard i think i would have plowed everything under and had a rice field
It shows clearly enough that my poor old friend had just found out she 'd been made a fool of !
Nash showed up for an MIT New Year 's Eve party clad only in a diaper .
In fact , you 're going to be rewarded .
Kicked out of the house when she was only 16 -LRB- she was called Suzie in those days -RRB- , Roy went to Delhi and then to architecture school , supporting herself by selling empty milk bottles -LRB- some say beer bottles -RRB- .
Such experience better enables the CIOs to work with business managers to build a shared vision for meeting mission needs .
The Celts arrived in the wake of the Roman withdrawal at the end of the fourth century .
Keep your eyes open for Renaissance details , grand doorways , and views into lovely courtyards .
First , we can acknowledge , and maybe even do something about , some of the disaffecting fallout from globalization , such as pollution and cultural dislocation .
Czarek was welcomed enthusiastically , even though the poultry brotherhood was paying a lot of sudden attention to the newcomers - a strong group of young and talented managers from an egzemo-exotic chicken farm in Fodder Band nearby Podunkowice .
Ca ` daan saw confidence flow back into the young man .
Other villages are much less developed , and therein lies the essence of many delights .
Indeed , said San ` doro .
Yet Mrs. Inglethorp ordered a fire !
You can find Manchester , Sheffield , and Cambridge in Jamaica , to name but three .
' Blankley replies , And there are fund-raisers going out in other parts of the country to raise ` The conservatives are coming , the conservatives are coming .
oh does it sure
Changes in technology and its application to electronic commerce and expanding Internet applications will change the specific control activities that may be employed and how they are implemented , but the basic requirements of control will not have changed .
Wanniski and company have been drubbed by the Wall Street Journal , the New York Times ' A.M.
If you need to use the mail , it would be helpful if you sent your comments both in writing and on diskette -LRB- in Word or ASCII format -RRB- .
okay okay that 's it that GTE had purchased Tigon and yeah that 's what we have
I could 've afforded a much swankier , up-town place - or at least , a slightly swankier , mid-town place - but all that space would just encourage me to clutter .
yeah yeah if they do come up with a positive regardless of what uh what it was they detected uh we 're required to go attend a uh a counseling session
General Motors , for instance , lost $ 460 million to strikes in 1997 , but investors treated the costs as a kind of extraordinary charge and valued the company as if the losses had never happened .
I do n't know .
News berates computer users for picking obvious , easily cracked passwords and chastises system administrators for ignoring basic security precautions .
It is housed in a Martello A series of such towers , some 12 m -LRB- 40 ft -RRB- high and 2.5 m -LRB- 8 ft -RRB- thick , were constructed along the coast at the beginning of the 19th century to guard against invasion by Napoleon .
Two , most other productive operations are easier to study and understand , since few firms have 40,000 locations and a large proportion of their workforce working outdoors .
The avenue on the left leads towards the pointed Divan Tower -LRB- Divan Kulesi -RRB- , at the foot of which lie the Council Chamber and the Grand Vezir 's Office .
One or two , replied Tommy modestly , and plunged into his recital .
More works can be seen in the museum attached to the cathedral -LRB- admission is around 100 pe?setas -RRB- .
Once there , he or she must alight from the vehicle and proceed to the mailbox , then return to the vehicle , turn it around and proceed to the road .
A niche incumbent might provide delivery less frequently or to a subset of possible stops .
That 's an opportunity that very few people have had .
The equipment you need for windsurfing can be hired from the beaches at Tel Aviv -LRB- marina -RRB- , Netanya , Haifa -LRB- at Bat Galim beach -RRB- , Tiberias , and Eilat .
Built in a.d. 715 to help measure the peak and trough of the Nile flood .
The researchers found expected stresses like the loss of a check in the mail and the illness of loved ones .
We will also need any able bodied men to help us spike the river .
Built in a.d. 688 691 , it is decorated in thousands of exquisite , predominantly blue and yellow , Persian ceramic tiles , with Koranic scriptures on the lintels .
It 's conceivable that some of these allegations are true , and there 's no harm in checking them out , as long as the decedent 's family agrees to participate .
He looks so awfully tired and bored , and yet you feel that underneath he 's just like steel , all keen 38 and flashing .
After criticizing the GOP openly for weeks , Buchanan announced that he would seek the Reform presidential nomination , which would bring him $ 12 million in federal funds .
It will be held in the Maryland woods , and the telecast will consist of jittery footage of the contestants ' slow descent into madness as they are systematically stalked and disappeared/disqualified by Bob Barker .
The Congress also told LSC that it could not continue to fund its grantees presumptively and that it must begin to distribute its funds on a competitive basis .
St. Barts , of course , is completely undefended .
yeah maybe the maybe they 'll bring their good schools with them you know if the industry comes
Children will enjoy the little steam train that loops around the bay to Le Crotoy in the summer .
Continue along the Quai Saint-Nicolas to the Mus ?? e Alsacien at num?ber 23 , a group of 16th - and 17th-century houses appropriate to the colorful collections of Alsatian folklore .
The island 's burgeoning economic significance propelled population growth , and by the middle of the 15th century Madeira was home to 800 families .
you know and then how long are they supposed to take it
She was taken to the infirmary , and on recovering consciousness gave her name as Jane Finn .
more than anything else in this day and age that 's got to be a big factor in your decision 's just the the cost of how much you 're gon na pay
The Aegean has a short , wet spring when walking , hiking , and mountain biking are extremely enjoyable activities , because the weather is pleasant but not too hot .
right well the preseason really does n't mean anything either
But if you do , kill them .
um-hum um-hum um-hum yeah yeah it is i do n't know i think it 's a very interesting um discussion you know and and there 's certainly uh lots of pros and cons around it
When Mr. Hastings and Mr. Lawrence came in yesterday evening , they found your mistress busy writing letters .
At the top , it bore the printed stamp of Messrs.
The average length of a rural route is 55 miles .
` No one in Large would ever try to harm us .
San ` doro 's blood ran over Stark 's blade and into Stark 's other cupped hand .
That , too , was locked or bolted on the inside .
well this is real interesting that you 're as far away as you are because i really thought this was uh uh we ` re
Given the limits on the WTO 's jurisdiction , it was probably unreasonable of Kodak to expect a real victory .
The lucrative tin mines of Kuala Lumpur in the State of Selangor , of Sungai Ujong in Negeri Sembilan , and of Larut and Taiping in Perak were run for the Malay rulers by Chinese managers providing coolie labor .
The Gaiety Theatre in South King Street is worth visiting for its ornate d ?? cor .
Since his death it has been transformed into the Bob Marley Museum and carefully managed by the Marley family to protect the memory of his life .
Therefore , many leading finance organizations have calculated and compared these percentages as a general indication of how well they supported the organization 's business objectives .
She had thrown away her cloak and tied her hair back into a topknot to keep it out of the way .
Their rulers introduced Buddhist and Hindu culture , Brahmin ministers to govern , and an elaborate court ritual .
But if Clinton consents , censure and community service can proceed .
CHAPTER 3 : FEDERAL MISSION PP
Several of its beaches are officially designated for nudism -LRB- known locally as naturisme -RRB- the most popular being Pointe Tarare and a functionary who is a Chevalier de la L ?? gion d'Honneur has been appointed to supervise all aspects of sunning in the buff .
uh the one we thought would be the most timid uh turned out to be the one that stuck with it and was the first to learn
i do n't know if you have a place there called uh or you probably have something similar we call it Service Merchandise
The National Association of State Information Resource Executives -LRB- NASIRE -RRB- represents state chief information officers -LRB- CIO -RRB- and information resource executives who share a mission to shape national information technology policy through collaborative partnerships , information sharing , and knowledge transfer .
And there was me .
no uh i have a friend who works for TI and uh i work for a a tire service here in i 'm from Dallas
Why should n't he be ?
One thing was worrying me dreadfully , but my heart gave a great throb of relief when I saw my ulster lying carelessly over the back of a chair .
but but it is peaceful i mean it is relaxing to do once you find the time to do it
The family .
yep because it 's when it 's self propelled it 's heavy yeah
Following publication of the proposed rule -LRB- 58 Fed .
The Saver-Spender Theory of Fiscal Policy , Working Paper 7571 .
He appropriated for the State much of the personal fortunes of the princes , but found it harder to curtail the power of land-owners who had extensive contacts with the more conservative elements in his Congress Party .
uh high humidity
i i have some feelings about it in the sense that i feel if a person is guilty beyond a reasonable doubt and it 's a really heinous crime i feel like the Bible says an eye for an eye
Critics praise Goodman 's finely honed descriptive abilities and instinctive grasp of familial dynamics , the ways in which dreams and emotional habits are handed down ...
This marvelous Victorian-Gothic building is famous for the fanciful stone carvings around the base of its pillars -LRB- one pillar , reputedly depicting the club members , shows monkeys playing billiards -RRB- .
eThe number of deletions was negligible .
2466 , discusses the four collections , which include certification of a minimum number of installed and operating microwave links and the maintenance of a computer-readable database .
The narthex , or entrance hall to the nave , is crowned by a magnificent sculpted tympanum of Jesus enthroned after the Resurrection , preaching his message to the Apostles .
made by the FCIC based on such comments are discussed in the preambles to the final rules .
But there 's plenty more .
His ruthless campaigns resulted in more than 600,000 Irish dead or deported .
yeah that 's up here in New England that 's we call that backpacking which is the same thing which is you 're you 've got everything on your back you know an aluminum camp frame uh
The cold air and the abundance of water gave them all good cheer that eve .
Improvements in architecture , regaining intimate space and scale and all the rest , wo n't disguise the ugliness of advertising the local bank , Chevy dealer , and chain retailer as a backdrop for baseball .
The fancifully decorated Macau Palace , a floating casino moored on the western waterfront , is fitted out with gambling tables , slot machines -LRB- known locally as hungry tigers -RRB- and , for hungry humans , a restaurant .
Agricultural shows
The river-beds are mostly too shallow for anything but flat-bottomed boats .
This tax preference allows state and local governments to borrow at lower rates to build highways , schools , mass transit facilities , and water systems .
it 's actually there well Iraq has had uh designs on that place since nineteen twenty two so you know it was n't like something that just suddenly popped up
The materials then are searched for counterevidence and subsidiary or branching paths are laid out .
It is nice to be reminded that people remember .
that 's neat just supervised more or less than anything and security i guess for them
well yeah that really is scary
A fresh access of pain seized the unfortunate old lady .
And Doctor Perennial just stood there and when the evil drill sergeant woke up in him once again , he received an SMs .
But the state does arguably have an interest , compatible with the First Amendment , in stipulating the way those media are used , and Fiss ' discussion of those issues is the least aggravating in his book .
I can FEEL him . ''
This one-at-a-time , uncoordinated series of regulatory requirements for the power industry is not the optimal approach for the environment , the power generation sector , or American consumers .
see too much crime on TV and they think it 's way to go i do n't know what do you think
Even after having just seen Adrin 's skill with his rapier , Ca ` daan had not seen a man move so sure and so naturally with such devastating results .
made it yeah made it all the way through four years of college playing ball but
Tuppence seized the bell and Jane the knocker .
and when they get out they should have uh i do n't know you know some reasonable amount of money
Designed as a series of pleasure gardens in the Italianate style in 1865 , with cascades , spectacular fountains , and rustic grottoes , an ongoing restoration hopes to bring them back to the original plan .
Auditors may use an engagement letter , if appropriate , to communicate the information .
We always knew it was an outside chance .
After being diagnosed with cancer , Carrey 's Kaufman decides to do a show at Carnegie Hall .
On top is a broad plateau 650 metres -LRB- 2,132 feet -RRB- long by 300 metres -LRB- 984 feet -RRB- wide .
You can also view a Roman Nileometer carved in the rock which measured the height of the river and helped the ancient priests to time the announcement of the Nile flood that initiated a movement of workers from the fields to community projects such as temple building .
yeah that 's a nice place
It is worth a visit , if only to see the theater itself .
i do n't know no i do n't
Participants generally viewed the new internal control reporting requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as a good requirement .
AT&T and MCI have protested the tax and pledged to pass the cost on to MCI charges 5 percent on all out of state long-distance calls , and AT&T charges a flat rate .
It will be COLOSSAL ! ''
On the northwestern Alpine frontier , a new state had appeared on the scene , destined to lead the movement to a united Italy .
Interpreters will be provided by APALRC .
Outside the cathedral you will find a statue of John Knox with Bible in hand .
H-2A aliens , as the only category of eligible aliens who reside in the United States temporarily , are particularly affected by the issue before the Commission because of their necessarily short periods of time in the United States .
The political cleansing that did not happen through the impeachment process leaves Clinton with a great and serious burden .
In the small marina you can eat while surrounded by expensive boats .
Today the strait is busy with commercial shipping , ferries , and fishing boats , and its wooded shores are lined with pretty fishing villages , old Ottoman mansions , and the villas of Istanbul 's wealthier citizens .
Agencies may perform the analyses required by sections 603 and 604 in conjunction with or as part of any other agenda or analysis required by other law if such other analysis satisfies the provisions of these sections .
His diet was of wheaten bread ,
The most comfortable way to see these important Hoysala temples is to visit them on either side of an overnight stay at Hassan , 120 km -LRB- 75 miles -RRB- northwest of Mysore .
An article explains that Al Gore enlisted for the Vietnam War out of fealty to his father and distaste for draft Gore deplored the inequity of the rich not having to serve .
For instance , mandatory account proposals are more likely to increase private saving because such a program would require households that do not currently save-such as many low-income individuals or families-to place some amount in an individual account .
Guangzhou , with a population of more than 5 million , straddles the Pearl River China 's fifth longest which links the city to the South China Sea .
It is one of those rare cases in which I can please everyone .
Nobody knows much about the early Etruscans .
Oh , I I have n't quite worked that out .
it was really easy i mean just just did a thumb print you know
The best place to view the spring azaleas is at the Azalea Festival in the last week of April at Tokyo 's Nezu shrine .
have that well and it does n't seem like very many people uh are really i mean there 's a lot of people that are on death row but there 's not very many people that actually um do get killed
Detroit Pistons they 're not as good as they were last year
I had rejected it as absurd , nevertheless it persisted .
because we do n't always read the newspaper sometimes it just sits around for a while and then we just chuck it
Chatterbox queried Trudeau about the Dallas Morning News quote .
Thus , the imbalance in the volume of mail exchanged magnifies the effect of the relatively higher rates in these countries .
Fast forward to 1994 and beyond .
and uh my daughter gets irate when i when i do that because you know she 's a teenager
Regulators may not be totally supportive of a more comprehensive business model because they are concerned that the information would be based on a lot of judgment and , therefore , lack of precision , which could make enforcement of reporting standards difficult .
The Department of Labor 's interim rule is adopted pursuant to the authority contained in Section 707 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act -LRB- Pub .
It is , as you see , highly magnified .
Beautiful examples of enamelware , ceramics , and pottery are produced in great abundance , often following a Celtic theme .
In Hong Kong you can have a plate , or even a whole dinner service , hand-painted to your own design .
1 -RRB- FBI intelligence files indicate that Democratic fund-raiser Maria Hsia has been a Chinese agent .
Across the river from the city , it has superb views ; rooms are very contemporary in design .
New Madeirans traded sugar , the era 's dominant luxury item , with Britain and Flanders , and they proved skillful in the art of winemaking .
He leaned over Tommy , his face purple with excitement .
An overall increase in prices is only possible when there has been an overall increase in the amount of money in circulation .
um yeah that sounds kind of neat uh is location at all important to you like you know how far it is from your house or whatever
Blue says Blumenthal claimed Clinton had told him that Lewinsky had made unwanted sexual advances .
The oldest continually occupied settlement on the island is Kastro , where most of the buildings date from the 14th century and were laid out in a circular pattern atop a rocky outcrop 100 m -LRB- 300 ft -RRB- above the east coast .
My unborn children will never appear on the Today show .
Homes or businesses not located on one of these roads must place a mail receptacle along the route traveled .
Well , she 's found .
and they 're illegal so i do n't think it would do us any good to outlaw them all together
The relatively small crowds mean that fans sit close to the action .
we would n't be expected to cast a ballet on the subject
The Praya , the promenade in front of the ferry pier , is a good place to observe the many junks and fishing boats in the harbor .
These rules were not used extensively .
Tommy felt his ascendancy less sure than a moment before .
the wagon man got killed when they attacked him
The Commission published a summary of its Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis in the Federal Register on September 12 , 1996 -LRB- 61 Fed .
i like the Moody Blues
well what station plays uh that type of music
Something in his mind seemed also to have developed a `` tan '' that let him face the bite of chance without flinching .
But I guess I can take it we were wrong , pursued Julius .
And , for the rest of the way home , I recited to them the various exploits and triumphs of Hercule Poirot .
That is well .
and uh it that takes so much time away from your kids
yeah i think i 'll probably just have to go with one of those splint braces or something
Nowadays it is bordered by ancient columns and lined with expensive shops .
But Japan was reluctant to sue for peace because the Allies were demanding unconditional surrender with no provision for maintaining the highly symbolic role of the emperor , still considered the embodiment of Japan 's spirit and divine origins .
Sometimes it flattens entire neighbourhoods to make life easier for them .
Be forewarned that the download takes quite a while via modem .
I am a lacto-vegetarian .
well it 's a pleasure talking with you
4 million , or about 8 percent of total expenditures for the two programs -RRB- .
Howard Berman of California , an influential Democrat on the House International Relations Committee .
Base year data will be actual receipt and outlay data for the last completed fiscal year
yeah well the uh NC double A tournament 's going on right now and uh i have n't watched it this year because Louisville 's out of it this year
yeah well at least as they told us uh two shifts
From there , take the road that heads back to the coast and Es Pujols , Formentera 's premier resort village .
Politically , it 's anti-democratic , replacing congressional and executive branch decision-making .
One bakes Flipper .
According to a 1995 Financial Executives Research Foundation report ,5 transaction processing and other routine accounting activities , such as accounts payable , payroll , and external reporting , consume about 69 percent of costs within finance .
it it i think that is the biggest problem when you really not you do n't do n't really need the stuff but the nicer looking clothes are the more expensive nicely tailored clothes
Her state is probably to be attributed to the mental shock consequent on recovering her memory . ''
Very few emperors were reluctant to submit to Fujiwara domination .
much with whatever it 's with the Black the Black problem or whatever that may be now
Albino Alligator -LRB- Miramax -RRB- .
Cabourg is the most stately of the old Channel resorts .
Mykonos has had a head start as far as diving is concerned because it was never banned here -LRB- after all , there are no ancient sites to protect -RRB- .
-LRB- The employee was later rehired , and Bob denies the charge . -RRB-
and they 're illegal so i do n't think it would do us any good to outlaw them all together
The arched gateway leads to a large swimming pool and the ruins of a Roman and Byzantine baths complex .
i cried when the horse got killed and when the wolf got killed
There are certain categories of control activities that are common to all agencies .
Other functional components of the Postal Service are presumed here not to exhibit significant scale economies , although this has not been demonstrated .
The students ' reaction was swift and contentious , as if their feelings had been hurt .
The analysis presented here is an attempt to address the second argument .
Then , all the time , it was in the spill vase in Mrs. Inglethorp 's bedroom , under our very noses ? I cried .
A museum inside the building gives intriguing insight into the life and heyday of the their rich costumes , their scimitars , and rifles inlaid with bright jewels and silver and a horrible bludgeon with a double serrated edge .
so i do n't completely agree with that either
I found her leaning against the bannisters , deadly pale .
or just get out and walk uh or even jog a little although i do n't do that regularly but Washington 's a great place to do that
Tracking down the tiger is a subtle affair , and requires a degree of dedication , calm , and stealth .
The percent of total cost for each function included in the model and cost elasticity -LRB- with respect to volume -RRB- are shown in Table 1 .
The Case Study Guidelines
The statue was beheaded several years ago by islanders , who blame Josephine for her role in the slavery in Martinique .
The DO concentration must not fall below
well Jerry do you have a favorite team
The Revolutionaries could n't be dissuaded from destroying most of the cathedral 's statues , although 67 were saved -LRB- many of the originals are now housed in the Mus ?? e de l'Oeuvre Notre-Dame next door -RRB- .
Other examples of cumulative case studies come from two international agencies .
The White House denies this .
Linda Tripp was indicted for illegally taping telephone conversations with Monica Lewinsky .
Without the discount , nobody would buy the stock .
to see this kind of thing and you know if you can do any any little bit it helps so
aCondition Assessment Survey -LRB- CAS -RRB- .
For a review of the literature , see William G. Gale and John Sabelhaus , Perspectives on the Household Saving Rate , Brookings Papers on Economic Activity -LRB- 1:1999 -RRB- , pp. 181-224 .
Treat yourself and bill it to Si .
yes uh i bought a uh Bristol thirty five five for my wife
He jumped up , planting one hand on the charging horse , and came at the brute with the axe .
it gets it
On a scale of 0 -LRB- strongly disagree -RRB- to 7 -LRB- strongly agree -RRB- the statement alcoholics are difficult to treat received a mean score of 6.25 , and the statement alcoholism is a treat-able disease received a mean score of 5.27 .
Fira is a shopper 's paradise , a series of narrow alleys where you can wander free from the fear of traffic , although keep your eyes and ears open for donkeys .
His authoritarian rule has prevented the emergence of future leaders and the development of strong civic and political institutions .
Straightened out for a while , Humayun came back in 1555 with his Persian army to recapture the Punjab , Delhi , and Agra , but the next year his opium habit caused his death -LRB- see page 64 -RRB- .
Spock did not cure American mothers and fathers of their impossible dream of being professional parents equipped with the developmentally correct answers .
Around the corner is the huge , domed , Neo-Classical Panth ?? on .
uh high humidity
have that well and it does n't seem like very many people uh are really i mean there 's a lot of people that are on death row but there 's not very many people that actually um do get killed
SSA is also seeking statutory authority for additional tools to recover current overpayments .
Had we had more money we would have facilitated more conferences .
so i like music i like listening to music so i do n't usually listen to KCBI and then there 's another one called Journey that 's somewhere in between the two of those it 's in between ninety and ninety four
This is my old friend , Monsieur Poirot , whom I have not seen for years . ''
That 's the second time you 've made that sort of remark .
i have been and uh some of the boy scouts have been up in there they have got some great hiking trails and camping areas up in there
Ah , triple pig !
and clean up is is uh is a joy uh a little soap and water and air dry them and you do n't have to worry about that
We know essentially nothing about life beyond Earth .
Because the paper did not say that .
You claw your way into a position to get your calls returned by actually breaking stories , but that reward is empty .
I hope that our common interests will lead us to a consensus - one that will provide the country with significant benefits .
Kom Ombo is an unusual temple in that it is dedicated to two gods .
They 're taking us away this morning .
A silver revolver .
And in this city , where literature and theater have historically dominated the scene , visual arts are finally coming into their own with the new Museum of Modern Art and the many galleries that display the work of modern Irish artists .
I touched my palm to his mutilated cheek , and tried to stem my instinctive revulsion .
PROGRAM ACCOUNT - The budget account into which an appropriation to cover the subsidy cost of a direct loan or loan guarantee program is made and from which such cost is disbursed to the financing account .
If the collecting entity transfers the nonexchange revenue to the General Fund or another entity , the amount is accounted for as a custodial activity by the collecting entity .
allow the efficiencies of a low-cost mailstream to be available to all who can use them .
and i and i may have been the only one that did both because the mentality in Dallas was that you could n't like both you had to like one and hate the other
We 're no nearer to finding Tuppence , and NEXT SUNDAY IS THE 29TH ! ''
Impossible .
experiencing cost growth , manufacturing problems with test aircraft , and testing delays .
The director , Michael Mann , has never tried to tell a story as complex -LRB- or nonviolent -RRB- as The Insider , and he and his co-screenwriter , Eric Roth , do n't shape their narrative very satisfyingly .
but it but again it depends on what job you 're in the men that are out there fixing power lines are tested a lot
Visit at sundown or out of season to get the full flavor of the setting .
They proclaimed Japan 's mission to bring progress to its backward Asian neighbors in language not so very different from that of the Europeans in Africa or the US in Latin America .
Growth continued for ten years , and by 1915 the town had telephones , round-the-clock electricity , and a growing population many of whom worked in the railroad repair shop .
He had no real answer .
This popular show spawned the aquatic show at the Bellagio .
Load time is divided into elemental and coverage related load time .
i voted in the last national one yeah i 'm not sure if i got the last local one
um we tried that but we really were n't happy with it so he does that all himself now
Also , Time claims that for the past year , the FBI has been seeking Robert Jacques , a possible accomplice to Timothy McVeigh in the Oklahoma City bombing .
yeah i i think my favorite restaurant is always been the one closest you know the closest as long as it 's it meets the minimum criteria you know of good food
Zoom-out vs. zoom - Ever since Roe , pro-life posters and pamphlets have depicted isolated fetuses .
well wonderful that 'll be a musician
They are levied through the power of the Government to compel payment , and the person or entity that pays these fees does not receive anything of value from the Government in exchange .
There are also ferries to Discovery Bay .
Governed by the great bendahara Mutahir with more diplomacy than military force , the sultanate asserted its supremacy over the whole Malay peninsula -LRB- except for the northernmost Thai-held Patani region -RRB- and across the Melaka Straits to the east coast of Sumatra .
The Committee intends that LSC consult with appropriate stakeholders in developing this proposal .
This guide will introduce you to many , but not all , of the popular Aegean Islands .
Egg cattle merry wedged marvelous
-LRB- Imagine the difference between smoking a cigarette and injecting pure nicotine directly into a vein . -RRB-
He had never felt better .
17 An alternative to unaddressed mail would be to auction off the right to be a third bundle on specific days in specific post offices .
Current Chinese leaders have distinctive characteristics that give them significant advantages over the United States in foreign policy .
Whether a government postal service can engage in these kinds of negotiations deserves serious study .
Also , lack of winter freezes means that mites normally killed off by the cold will survive .
High Crimes is painfully shoddy , even for a book rushed to press .
The elements of this example , repeated across millions of individual tasks , encapsulates the difference between an advanced industrial economy with a high standard of living and a less developed country with a low standard of living .
Many restaurants and cafes welcome children .
A federal employment training program can report on the number of participants .
Each one planting itself in the sides of Stark 's neck .
I just stopped where I was .
the approving official 's knowledge true , correct , and accurate , and in accordance with applicable laws , regulations , and legal decisions .
Welts grew on each of the man 's cheeks .
Czarek was welcomed enthusiastically , even though the poultry brotherhood was paying a lot of sudden attention to the newcomers - a strong group of young and talented managers from an egzemo-exotic chicken farm in Fodder Band nearby Podunkowice .
I think it is important for everyone to understand the extent to which First-Class mail is already carrying a disproportionate share of the institutional cost or overhead burden of the postal system .
Five years ago , Speaker-elect Newt Gingrich promised to make important information available online at the same moment that it is available to the highest-paid Washington lobbyist .
After considering comments of the Postal Service and other participants , the Commission found the proposal problematical , and declined to pursue it .
oh yeah IBM uh i mean uh a lot of people use human factors folks but IBM is what i 'm looking at right now
The cold air and the abundance of water gave them all good cheer that eve .
And she came to you ?
It 's mighty lucky you did say it .
i think there would be an awful lot of resentment and um i i really do n't think it would be feasible on our country
Friendly staff .
AC Green 's pretty good
Shoot only the ones that face us , Jon had told Adrin .
Jon 's defense began to weaken and slow .
He could make quite an issue out of the need to determine the characteristic impedance of their sky .
NIPA had already recognized mineral exploration as investment , and in 1996 , NIPA reclassified government purchases of plant and equipment as investment .
He bent down to study the tiny little jeweled gears .
So have I for that matter , but I flatter myself that my choice of dishes was more judicious than yours .
and i use a one of those black soaker hoses that actually oozes water every where so i lace it up and down there a couple of times and i only have to water about two hours a week
Any point you failed to win by rigging the questions and categories can be cleaned up in the executive summary -LRB- the pollster 's spin -RRB- and the press release and news conference -LRB- the client 's spin on the pollster 's spin -RRB- .
and the wind started blowing and it was one of my earlier trips to be really out in the middle of
Randy 's Anecdotal Wrap-Up
In fact , the Lions of Delos were made from Naxos marble .
Perhaps tax reform does n't appeal to the new spiritualized side of Bradley .
We were playing all sorts of sports , and you were not , so shut up and stop twitching , ' the microbe 's tone of voice changed , it was lower and more resounding .
Jon twisted the man 's wrist .
you know your children are going you know you 've got five children in school instead of somebody that only has one or none and so you they 're paying more income tax to pay for your children to go to school it just you know does n't make sense
I said it and I 'm glad .
Never mind that the movie had been out for months and that a Best Supporting Actor Oscar nomination had already been awarded for the portrayal of the female character .
The purpose of this paper is to analyze rural delivery costs and compare them with city delivery costs .
so do you have do you have the long i guess not not if there 's see i was raised in New York but i guess up there you all do n't have too long of a growing season do you
Was it a sudden decision on his part , or had he already made up his mind when he parted from me a few hours earlier ?
The WP runs a piece inside reporting that during a church service last Sunday , Cardinal John O'Connor of New York criticized President Clinton from the pulpit for taking Catholic communion while in South Africa .
Watch for Pagla Jhora , the Mad Torrent , just after Gladstone 's Rock -LRB- shaped like the statesman 's head -RRB- .
well i think i got to agree with you there
Working groups were established to coordinate training statewide , to focus on the establishment of a statewide website and to continue coordination and sharing in technology matters .
It was going to be a hot day .
Every fresh circumstance seems to establish it more clearly . ''
4 million homes watch the evening news on CBS , ABC , and NBC .
The Drawing Room was partially destroyed by fire in 1941 , and its furnishings are faithful reproductions ; the huge -LRB- repaired -RRB- Ming punch bowl is striking .
that 's their signal
Tabulations of actual meetings and of consequent actions for same-agency funded and different-agency funded services can help check out whether this impression is reliable .
from grocery store baggers that want to buy my car because it 's a Trans Am they 're high school seniors seventeen years old and they got to impress their girl friend
because otherwise it 's too it gets if you start them when it 's cooler in the spring then it gets too hot in the summer
The editors , for their part , arrange to have them all written just in case I do .
We have taken a number of steps to empower and invest in our employees .
More reserved and remote but a better administrator and financier than his uncle , Charles Brooke imposed on his men his own austere , efficient style of life .
In general , six elements appear purpose , type of data collected , method of data collection , design , method of data analysis , and reporting .
i 'll listen and agree with what i think sounds right
Tom is the winner of a year 's supply of Turtle Wax , and he will receive his prize just as soon as the Shopping Avenger figures out how much Turtle Wax actually constitutes a year 's supply .
then there 's that uh let 's see i like the Lakers Milwaukee Atlanta Hawks i like them too
You know .
However , the WRAP States may unanimously petition the Administrator to determine that the total emissions of affected EGUs are reasonably projected to exceed 271,000 tons in 2018 or a later year and to make affected EGUs subject to the requirements of the new WRAP trading program .
The anthropologist Napoleon Chagnon has shown that Yanomamo men who have killed other men have more wives and more offspring than average guys .
What have we for lunch ?
Credibility is a vital factor , and Jim Lehrer does , indeed , have it .
Clearly , yes .
John Panzar has characterized street delivery as a bottleneck function because a single firm can deliver to a recipient at a lower total cost than multiple firms delivering to the same customer .
They wanted you , so they got you . '' Dave considered it .
Concentration of greenhouse gases , especially CO2 , have increased substantially since the beginning of the industrial revolution .
The author began with a set of hunches or hypotheses about what can go wrong in agency management , and what would be evidence supporting-or contradicting-these hypotheses .
you know they ca n't really defend themselves like somebody grown uh say my age you know yeah
yeah i 'm trying to find out how long we 're supposed talk
Finally the woman opened her eyes feebly .
pretty good newspaper uh-huh
I understand , '' continued the Coroner deliberately , `` that you were sitting reading on the bench just outside the long window of the boudoir .
In other words , the paper exhibited the all-too-typical journalistic tic of exposing potential conflicts of interest involving politicians while ignoring those involving journalists .
The agency also receives a percentage of money from the Interest On Lawyers ' Trust Accounts .
Now it 's my turn , and even if I 'm walking in a dead man 's shoes , I can make my way afresh .
Jon 's feeling of age and weariness must have shown .
Last year at Tuscaloosa 's Turning Point Domestic Violence Sexual Assault Services , half of the 160 women who sought shelter used Legal Services , said executive director Kathy Benitez .
Jerusalem was divided into east and west , under the control of Jordan and Israel respectively .
But is the Internet so miraculous an advertising vehicle that Gross will be able to siphon off $ 400 per person from total ad spending of $ 1,000 per family -- or persuade advertisers to spend an additional $ 400 to reach each of his customers ?
The entrance is also home to several sculptures , including one of Carlyle , the gallery 's founding father .
For the next two centuries Aelia Capitolina enjoyed an innocuous history .
LSC 's State Planning Initiative began in 1995 primarily in response to the programmatic changes and budget cuts that were threatening the very survival of legal services delivery across the nation .
Also beyond city limits is the Legacy Golf Club in the nearby suburb of Henderson .
Generally , if pH of scrubbing liquor falls below a range of 5.0 to 6.0 , additional reagent is required to maintain the reactivity of the absorbent .
Rather , kids today are not only little bundles of joy but also are perhaps the ultimate symbols of worldly success and status .
In other cases , we must rely on survey approaches to estimate WTP , usually through a variant of the contingent valuation approach , which generally involves directly questioning respondents for their WTP in hypothetical market situations .
The church of Panagia Theoskepastos houses a fine 14th-century icon , and the Catholic Cathedral has a tenth-century Madonna and Child .
At 60 cents , it 's a bargain !
Starting from Scratch
Slate continues to be available on MSN and directly on the Web at slate.com .
Many users commented on the effectiveness of the new technology in promoting closer relationships among providers .
In these cases , participants risk losing not only their jobs but also a significant portion of their retirement savings if their company files for bankruptcy .
At Gatehouse , in Kent .
As a result of these procedures , the Department estimates an annual net savings of $ 545 million .
plus i like to dance you know
We need to be sure of our going . '' But Tuppence , for once , seemed tongue-tied .
they ought to take all them little misdemeanor people let them go let them go
oh yes yeah yeah yeah that 's true too that 's true
well uh what do you think about taxes do you think we 're paying too much
To their good fortune , he 's proving them right .
In this situation , the value to the mailer of the improved service would be considered along with the cost of doing the work .
Complacency came easily after a couple of weeks without capture .
yeah because being a student i 'm doing it for the money
There are no gods here now , said the voice of the monster in front of them .
we 're thinking about putting one of those in
All of a sudden I sat down on the edge of the table , and put my face in my hands , sobbing out a ` Mon Dieu !
Though he abstains from showbizzy campaigning , he markets his virtue and exploits his legend .
He was born Siddhartha Gautama in a grove of sal trees at Lumbini -LRB- just across the Nepalese border -RRB- around the year 566 b.c.
Further , given the dynamic environment agencies face , employees need incentives , training , and support to help them continually learn and adapt .
i 'm on i 'm in the Plano school system and living in Richardson and there is a real dichotomy in terms of educational and economic background of the kids that are going to be attending this school
If anything , ultimate fighting is safer and less cruel than America 's blood sport .
some of the professors i think imitate Big Bird
it 's like but the time we went to Florida and needed to rent a car you know he believed in it
The community courthouse will be held every second Tuesday of the month at Carver at 217 Paso Hondo .
His politeness sounded strange coming from a desert nomad .
So it was traumatic .
The pieces paying 33 .
At the end of the Wars of Spanish , Austrian , and Polish Succession , the Austrians had taken over northern Italy from the Spanish .
Do n't forget to take a change of clothing and a towel .
yeah and how about how about like on the weekends do you do sports or do you go out
But the door was locked ? '' These exclamations burst from us disjointedly .
But there 's SOMETHING .
And , although I got a Ph.D. in philosophy many years ago and have thought and read about these matters ever since , heaven -LRB- or whatever -RRB- knows I do n't have too many answers that I feel confident about .
There were beads of perspiration on his brow .
Possibly no other country has had such a turbulent history .
Massive tidal waves swept over Crete , and other parts of the Mediterranean , smashing buildings and drowning many thousands of people .
Once or twice , but they seem more show than battle , said Adrin .
and the other thing is the cost it 's almost prohibitive to bring it to a dealer
Opium-smoking continued openly in Hong Kong until 1946 ; in mainland China the Communist government abolished it when they came to power in 1949 .
The Lake District is not the place to come if you want lots of action into the early morning hours .
Do you trust me , Uncle?Gauve hesitated .
His grandson Akbar chose Agra for his capital over Delhi .
You have to walk through it -RRB- .
Do you think I should be concerned ?
My own little corner of the world , policy wonking , is an example .
His plan was a simple a symmetrical design with straight streets and grand squares .
Clearly , people do n't know how to reach lawyers .
We come to a little difficulty here , since Mrs. Inglethorp never drank it . ''
get something from from the Guess Who or
GAO 's Web site -LRB- www.gao.gov -RRB- contains abstracts and full-text files ofcurrent reports and testimony and an expanding archive of older products .
Blessed with preternatural gregariousness , good humor , and a love of attention , he 's been tireless about pursuing both celebrity and the cause of popular history ever since .
The draft treaty was Tommy 's bait .
Her eyes flashed continually from one window to the other .
It was always a part of me .
i do n't know she said they go crazy
saving that did not finance domestic investment would increase net foreign investment and improve the current account balance .
This site provides information links , tools , and resources developed for the benefit of the audit profession , including audit programs , best practices , and research services .
The finest is the huge conical-roofed Tomb/Pillar of Absalom -LRB- King David 's son -RRB- .
It 's all right .
Also in Eustace Street is an information office and a cultural center for children , The Ark .
The door did not budge .
Court officials include the phone numbers of the local Legal Services office and county lawyer referral system on every summons .
Larger ski resorts are 90 minutes away .
In the 1980s , a pragmatic socialist coalition government with the Christian Democrats brought a few years of unusual stability .
For example , computers and related equipment have an estimated annual depreciation rate of 31 percent ,7 and new versions of software applications are released every few years .
It is nice to be reminded that people remember .
Today it is lined with shipyards , factories , and industrial development , and its waters are badly polluted .
Ricky Martin was filming his triumphant return to the gay porn industry .
yeah well losing is i mean i 'm i 'm originally from Saint Louis and Saint Louis Cardinals when they were there were uh a mostly a losing team but
You 're crazed , Beresford .
yeah i can usually i can put in oh probably mid March i can put anything in the ground you know beets and onions and stuff like that
From his second sight Jon saw San ` doro grappling with a much larger man .
Many had to leave their birthplaces , fleeing to Lesvos , Chios , and Samos , the Greek-ruled islands just offshore .
Those Creole men and women you 'll see dancing it properly have been moving their hips and knees that way since childhood .
okay i guess we 're on
Some management consultants describe dysfunctional interactions with one 's fellow workers as value-subtracting behavior .
He had n't seen even pictures of such things since the few silent movies run in some of the little art theaters .
BUDGETARY RESOURCES - The forms of authority given to an agency allowing it to incur obligations .
But recently , the speculation has subsided .
To see the desert at its best , go out at dawn and at sunset .
Also , disappointing earnings reports from Intel and other blue-chip companies in the two weeks leading up to the crash caused investors to question the value of entire portfolios .
An ancient Greek trading post , the town manages to combine the atmosphere of a resort with a gutsy , bustling city life .
At the same moment I felt a terrific blow on the back of my head ... . '' She shuddered .
right right they left a woman and a child or the cat the sheep yeah
and they 're fairly close to the water are n't they i mean they 're right on the late
After the death of Columbus in 1505 , Jamaica became the property of his son Diego , who dispatched Don Juan de Esquivel to the island as Governor .
And now they here put him in a coma . '
Mr. Clinton rewards Mr. Knight for his fund raising , Mr. Gore lays the groundwork for his anticipated presidential bid four years from now , and the companies , by hiring Mr. Knight , get the administration 's ear .
This step of the analysis employs complex computer models that simulate the transport and transformation of emitted pollutants in the atmosphere .
Today it is possible to walk through the old agora -LRB- marketplace -RRB- and stroll along Roman roads .
i wish it was as good over here as it is over there but if you 're the
People make two justified complaints about our Slate 60 ranking of America 's largest contributors to charity .
If he were someone who was an assistant , with an ailing mother to support , well , it would be impossible .
No , I exclaimed , astonished .
Are you ready to train before our ride ? Jon asked Adrin .
Hughes has accomplished this in part by the unusual technique of double ghosting .
Although it ceased to be a political capital in 1707 -LRB- when Scotland joined with England to create the United Kingdom -RRB- , Edinburgh was at the forefront of intellectual debate .
I was to watch for an advertisement in the Times .
This does n't look good .
This is an excerpt from the voice-over credo read in the opening credits for the new UPN series Star Pitiful Helpless Giant , starring former Secretary of State George Shultz .
Comparing our experience on the Acid Rain Program with the NOx SIP Call and the Section 126 petitions demonstrates the benefit of having certain key issues decided by Congress rather than left to Agency rulemakings .
This site includes a list of all award winners and a searchable database of Government Executive articles .
You are sure that you did not in any way disclose your identity ? '' Tommy shook his head .
Even if the entire unified surplus were saved , GDP per capita would fall somewhat short of the U.S. historical average of doubling every 35 years .
It was a splendid life '' I loved it . '' There was a smile on her face , and her head was thrown back .
-LRB- The Ramseys buried their daughter in Atlanta , then vacationed in Sea Island , Ga. -RRB- This absence , some speculate , gave the Ramseys time to work out a story to explain their innocence .
While it 's probably true that democracies are unlikely to go to war unless they 're attacked , sometimes they are the first to take the offensive .
Most menu prices include taxes and a service charge , but it 's customary to leave a tip if you were served satisfactorily .
Remember , there are over 844 million Indians out there , and a lot of them will be on the move at the same time as you will be , therefore competing for plane seats and hotel rooms .
He pulled his cloak tighter and wished for a moment that he had not shaved his head .
In short , this is a whole new costing area that would need to be undertaken .
Unless the report is restricted by law or regulation , auditors should ensure that copies be made available for public inspection .
For a half millennium or more , Madrid idled as a provincial backwater , rarely noticed on the arid central plains of Castile , until Felipe II plucked it from his royal cap in 1561 and proclaimed it the capital of Spain .
To make matters worse , many employers looking to save money -LRB- and please their employees -RRB- will drop dependent benefits if states provide better coverage than the private plans now do .
And the trunk ? Big ? Mother asked again to keep up appearances .
Over most of the 1980s and 1990s , the U.S. was able to invest more than it saved by attracting financing from abroad .
There was no longer any when you wanted some unbridled adult fun , Las Vegas was the place to be .
These two accounts are commonly combined in discussing the Social Security program .
Flying at a discount should be more dangerous .
Since the system would automatically verify all receipts and acceptances prior to invoice payment authorization , there would be no need to authorize payment prior to verification of receipt .
i 've been getting a kick out of those lately
so i really i really do n't have heart burn at all with doing it myself over four nights tie i tied the car up if four days but we 're fortunate we did n't need it
Enter the realm of shopping malls , where everything you 're looking for is available without moving your car .
really oh i thought it was great yeah
The Honorable Bill Archer , Chairman The Honorable Charles B. Rangel Ranking Minority Member Committee on Ways and Means House of Representatives
i do n't know how what it would take to be come up with a true perfect system or if one exists but
Ile de R ??
Seemingly endemic corruption was compounded by a remarkable dearth of political leadership and decisive action .
guess it did n't last too long at the box office but i thought it was pretty good
I was deeply impressed by the power and eloquence of the counsel for the defence .
or they had somebody at home that was ill that they had to tend to i mean you ca n't make it everybody
I never said you were a mandrake-man .
This data is used to model the behavior of access costs .
My article does not say or imply that real earnings growth only reflects retentions and that dividend growth must be zero or that all valuation techniques are out the window for firms that do n't pay dividends .
Perhaps North Africans and eastern Europeans peopled the Ligurian coast , while the Adriatic and south may have been settled by people from the Balkans and Asia Minor .
As a professional courtesy , GAO will inform requesters of substantive media inquiries during an ongoing assignment .
Second , Clinton has n't used the bully pulpit to speak out against drug use nearly as often as his two predecessors did .
The setting -- wherever it might be -- always seems authentic , not as if it were a Hollywood back lot .
These provisions may have to be reexamined as well .
little too much maybe
um-hum yeah when when i mentioned i 've done this camping out of the car i 've actually done of the situation just like that but what 's interesting is it 's through Texas Instruments
Weicker has yet to declare his intentions .
The sooner we strike the better . '' He turned to Tuppence .
Others love to see it in the middle of the heaviest monsoon , its marble translucent , its image blurred in the rain-stippled water channels of its gardens .
They greatly outnumber the 6,500-odd human inhabitants mostly white , many the descendants of Huguenots from Brittany and Normandy .
Jon saw him ride into the smoke .
Clinton used a floor mop to clean up the dirt he had tracked onto the shiny floor of an elementary school .
I knew him and liked and respected him .
Just like we have hairpins and powder-puffs . '' Tommy handed over a rather shabby green notebook , and Tuppence began writing busily .
-LRB- And yes , he has said a few things that can , with some effort , be construed as support for supply-side economics . -RRB-
Intifada to the Present
yeah yeah yeah well because that 's the way they they might seem outwardly but boy there 's a lots going on in there
Maybe in that sense , the behavior of the Pippens and Iversons of the world is defensible .
67 through .67 d , provide a mechanism for limiting the issues on which a trial-type hearing is required ; allow the Postal Service to explain the unavailability of data that would otherwise have to be filed ; and provide for data collection for the duration of the experiment .
The great attraction of the church is the splendid exterior , which is crowned by golden onion-shaped cupolas .
The next morning they ate dry bread , two strips of lean meat , and two eggs fried in animal fat on a skillet of black scorched iron .
6See also Internal Control Management and Evaluation Tool -LRB- GAO-01-1008G , August 2001 -RRB- .
Puppet Shows .
Even us if you needed , '' said Jon .
sort of a building season season yeah
oh like if they say i i we just type it in like that
Look here , I said , `` I may be altogether wrong .
To some critics , the mystery is n't , as Harris suggests , how women throughout history have exploited their sexual power over men , but how pimps like him have come away with the profit .
On the slopes of the hill you will find Edinburgh Zoo , located just behind Corstorphine Hospital .
yeah i mean just when uh the they military paid for her education
Component modularization and prefabrication off-site can reduce the amount of time cranes are needed on a site , as well as provide opportunities to reduce project schedules and construction costs and to concentrate jobs locally at the prefabrication facility .
That is exactly what our head coupon issuer Alan Greenspan did in 1987 -- and what I believe he would do again .
To places where surface transportation is not available , senders would be required to pay air rates , and possibly air rates keyed to the characteristics of the Alaskan air system .
Because of limited resources , local legal services programs are forced to turn away tens of thousands of people with critical legal problems .
That drawer was an unlocked one , as he had pointed out , and he submitted that there was no evidence to prove that it was the prisoner who had concealed the poison there .
A button on the Chatterbox page will make this easy , so please do join in .
finding the latest thing out from my friends is usually the most uh time effective
They were so sure of themselves that they took it for granted he had made a mistake . ''
Lydians and Persians
The seven grants flow from a new Nonprofit Capacity Building program at the foundation , part of a trend among philanthropists to give money to help organizations grow stronger , rather than to the program services they provide .
In the original , Reich is set up by his host and then ambushed by a hostile questioner named John , and when he tries to answer with an eloquent Mr. Smith speech -LRB- My fist is clenched .
My brain refusing to command properly .
In his effort to build nationalism across Turkey in the 1920s , Ataterk instituted a campaign to suppress Kurdish identity that continues today .
Guards would regulate those who entered and departed .
Information Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks
Thus , the net scale benefit is initially positive , whether or not we adjust for the wage premium .
now that 's an interesting point yeah i mean once the expectations are
They crossed the Forth from Dunfermline at the narrows known to this day as Queensferry .
He found himself thinking in circles of worry and pulled himself back to his problem .
With dark eyes and eyelashes she would have been a beauty .
um well i hate to yes i do
Trying Your Luck
For more than a year , Clinton 's surrogates have been calling Starr an out-of-control prosecutor .
um-hum yeah i saw that for the first time yesterday in the evening
In the moment of victory , Tuppence betrayed a somewhat unsportsmanlike triumph .
exercise is not supposed to do that to you
Although the accounting and reporting model needs to be updated , in my view , the current attest and assurance model is also out of date .
We 'll be the first to admit we make mistakes , but most of those are bureaucratic .
As of last week he charges $ 50 an hour minimum instead of $ 25 for the services of his yearling Northern Utah Legal Aid Foundation .
A survey of surgeons working in an emergency department found that the most significant predictor of screening was the attending physicians ' perception that their responsibilities included screening .
China could never trump the warhead blizzard Washington would send in retaliation against any atomic attack , though the country would be loath to cede to U.S. missile defenses the deterrence afforded by its handfuls of warheads .
The Illinois Equal Justice Foundation has recently made its first grants from money appropriated by the Illinois General Assembly .
Meanwhile , critics on the left argue that because the United States failed to intervene in Rwanda , its intervention in Kosovo is morally suspect and probably racist .
The agencies requesting guidance on internal controls when implementing fast pay have also designed procedures to verify receipt and acceptance of goods ordered on an afterthefact sampling basis rather than on the basis of a 100percent postpayment verification as is traditionally done .
It spoke of thousands of years , even before the times of the old empire .
He seemed to have aged a thousand years .
We next present the test of our hypothesis by comparing the predicted percentages for each of the seven posts with the actual percentages .
China 's civil war sent distressing echoes to Hong Kong .
However unsatisfactory and over-argued the revisionist case , it did make one serious that the United States had clear national and economic interests and found the Cold War an unusually congenial way to pursue them .
The track continues past the necropolis to an impressive amphitheatre , very probably carved by Nabateans , but influenced by the Romans .
Folklore of Ibiza
They are n't breaking any promises if they decide to take their ball and go home .
Now open political debate flourished , especially in Calcutta where Karl Marx was much appreciated .
hi Cynthia what did you wear to work today
Answer ? said Julius .
Paris and its immediate surroundings are a magnet for tourists , students , businessmen , artists , inventors ' in short , everyone except perhaps the farmer and fisherman , who may well come to the city to protest government policies .
They returned to live in the Galilee village of Nazareth , making pilgrimages to Jerusalem .
Recommendations
Sculpture and stone carving are perfectly modified to the harmonies of the design ; the four columns at the corners are hollow to carry water off the roof , and the urns on roof are disguised chimneys .
` It 's that kind of world . '
And if , as ultimately happened , no settlement resulted , we could shrug our shoulders , say , ` Hey , we tried , ' and act like unsuccessful brokers to an honorable peace .
The Edinburgh International Festival -LRB- held annually since 1947 -RRB- is acknowledged as one of the world 's most important arts festivals .
Indeed , said San ` doro .
Mallorca prospered .
oh i did and i laughed real hard when i took it in for the two thousand mile checkup and uh
because then they 'll or you have a prescription
that 's true i did n't think about that
yeah TI people yeah and so i just figured no it 's just this area you know
We briefly discussed the Nazi angle
The girls who wish to wear the scarf in Turkey say it represents Muslim female empowerment , and they consider themselves oppressed if it 's forbidden .
okay i 'll keep that in mind yeah you serve that yourself or the for a family
One large multinational corporation uses atechnical facilitators - to support its initiatives .
okay and and i think we just hang up i do n't think we have to do anything else
The NYT , in its front-page coverage , says the plane was flying far lower than the rules for training missions allow .
Recently , however , I have settled down and become decidedly less experimental .
Many restaurants and cafes welcome children .
Waldemar Szary , a food technician at the OSM ` Paziocha ' , was having a very bad day - the kind of a very bad day , which normally comes after one of those very good days .
Watergate remains for many an unhealed wound , and Clinton 's critics delight in needling him with Watergate comparisons -- whether to Whitewater or Flytrap .
Table 4.1 : Selected Federal Income Tax Provisions That Influence Personal Saving
In research designs based on statistical inference , the criterion for establishing casuality is whether the findings are likely to have occurred by chance following appropriate comparisons to eliminate alternative interpretations .
And , could it not result in a decline in Postal Service volumes across -- the -- board ?
so you know it 's something we we have tried to help but yeah
The central porch is still intact , depicting Jesus 's entry into Jerusalem , the Crucifixion , and other scenes from the Bible .
It 's just the beginning ! ''
Jon shifted and the sword tip slid past .
Buffet and a la carte available .
to do it before you know before it gets hot and one time last year i remember we were planning on doing that and it was eighty degrees even then
yeah that 's that 's a big step yeah
The cover story details the disturbing behavior of the Littleton killers before last week 's massacre .
The Commission published a summary of its Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis in the Federal Register on September 12 , 1996 -LRB- 61 Fed .
Ca ` daan closed the door behind them and retied the not .
He sat up , trying to free himself .
Views from Implementation Research in Education .
There 's one thing , he thought to himself , `` they ca n't go on shooting .
Relationship Between Quality of Life Instruments , Health State Utilities , and Willingness to Pay in Patients with Asthma .
Montmartre is lively at night , with famous clubs such as Au Lapin Agile .
The average MLS ticket costs a mere $ 13 , one-third the price of an NHL or NBA ticket .
There are many such at the present time .
He 's too cautious .
I 'm sure I wo n't get stuck to it , ' Julia remarked about the suitcase she was carrying .
Take a picnic and enjoy an alfresco lunch at this spectacular spot .
As Jon looked at him , Barnam puffed out his chest .
The Kal nodded .
He was born Siddhartha Gautama in a grove of sal trees at Lumbini -LRB- just across the Nepalese border -RRB- around the year 566 b.c.
As a basic guide , the symbols below have been used to indicate high-season rates in Hong Kong dollars , based on double occupancy , with bath or shower .
Lewis brought to the campaign the same intensity he had trained upon redneck troopers and sheriffs .
In 1998 , Cesar Chavez fasted for 36 days in California to underscore the dangers of pesticides to farm workers and their children .
In DOD 's current acquisition environment , the customer is willing to trade time and money for the highest performing weapon system possible .
8 . Jury Nullification .
But you will find it all right . ''
Yet , despite the stock market boom of the 1990s , many households have accumulated little , if any , wealth -LRB- see figure 1.3 -RRB- , and half of American households did not own stocks as of 1998 .
The Ovitz deal , however , contained none of these goodies .
There is .
Routine screening and intervention will require engendering a sense of role responsibility among emergency department clinicians towards addressing substance abuse .
Once or twice , but they seem more show than battle , said Adrin .
There always will be a need for an attorney to do general law .
13-year-olds .
Concurrent with downsizing , procurement regulations have been modified to allow agencies greater flexibility and choice in selecting contracting methods for acquiring facilities .
that 's cool kind of like Pink Floyd or something uh yeah basketball 's cool but football kind of after a while
the net cost of operations .
-LRB- Hypothetical data for this example are given in table 2.2 . -RRB-
But they persevered , she said , firm and optimistic in their search , until they were finally allowed by a packed restaurant to eat their dinner off the floor .
Students of human misery can savor its underlying sadness and futility .
not only that but they do n't pay the money either
huh do you have your own kiln or do you do you
-LRB- As the old saying goes , If you ca n't figure out who the fool is at the poker table , it 's probably you .
Well , shut it then , laughed the woman .
Here you 'll find many clothing stores for all ages and a large branch of Dunnes Stores , an Irish clothes - and food-shop chain .
hm oh is oh that 's great uh-huh do you get the full benefits
An important part of U.S. diplomacy is getting sovereign states to work together voluntarily .
The purpose of the Self-Inspection process was to provide programs a means to verify , by reviewing a sample of cases , that their 1999 CSR data satisfies LSC 's standards for accuracy .
The herds give a sense of proportion to the vast openness , just as the scattered farmhouses and characteristic drystone walls add reassuring warmth to even the loneliest valley .
The island has a long history ; its marble deposits were coveted around the ancient world .
Dole : We ought to agree that somebody else should do it .
For instance , one state government CIO attributed his success to his breadth of experience across a variety of financial , retail , and IT units , which facilitates his ability to
One 23-year-old White House assistant was interrogated about a triple murder that took place at a Starbucks in Georgetown .
These 900 hectares -LRB- 2,224 acres -RRB- of parkland on the western edge of the city constitute one of Baron Haussmann 's happier achievements .
and you fry them with garlic and a little bit of couple dashes of hot pepper
However , some participants cautioned that principle-based standards should not be viewed as a panacea to solve the problems with financial reporting and could lead to an undesirable situation where you would not have comparability or agreement as to the treatment of similar transactions .
Where are you going ?
approaches to achieving missions vary considerably between agencies .
It is that prospect that may bring Republicans together to defend a CPI everyone knows is inaccurate .
IRS Restructuring and Reform Act , its budget requests , and administration of various tax
In the summer , the Sultan 's Pool , a vast outdoor amphitheatre , stages rock concerts or other big-name events .
STANDARD COSTING - A costing method that attaches costs to cost objects based on reasonable estimates or cost studies and by means of budgeted rates rather than according to actual costs incurred .
His family had lost a son and a daughter now .
The route passes in sight of two uninhabited Es Vedr ? , which hovers like an apparition on the horizon off to the west , and Espalmador , which is popular with yachtsmen for its white-sand beach .
First , the Comptroller General sends a written request to the agency head for the record that has not been made available to GAO within a reasonable time after an initial request .
Over their backs fell the cutting lashes of a whip .
The most recent attraction at the pyramid complex is a small museum housing the remains of a solar barque -LRB- a cedar longboat -RRB- which was found in 1954 .
wow who can afford that my God i ca n't afford to miss a day let alone six
Also , stakeholders may not interpret principles consistently , and it is important for stakeholders to have the same conceptual framework as preparers when interpreting a principle .
I want you to mark him .
Who ? asked Tommy .
How did you get it ? '' A chair was overturned .
What you say about Lawrence is a great surprise to me , I said .
Pat Buchanan followed immediately behind , handing out smallpox-infected blankets and bottles of whiskey .
Using a threestep development planning process , managers assess their current capabilities , determine their specific development needs , and build and execute a development plan .
Table 4.1 : Selected Federal Income Tax Provisions That Influence Personal Saving
The volumes are available again but wo n't be returned to the stacks until the damp library itself gets renovated .
To the sociologists ' speculations , add mine .
To provide a useful perspective on how alternative levels of national saving affect future living standards , we also compared our simulation results to a historical benchmark .
The 28 sta?tues representing the kings of Judah and Israel have been remodeled after the drawings of Viollet-le-Duc ; the original ones were pulled down during the Revolution , since they were thought to be the kings of France .
and going to school is also always very prohibitive now unless your parents are wealthy
For example , NIPA excludes capital transfers , like estate tax receipts , which are recorded as revenue in the unified budget , and investment grants-in-aid to state and local governments , which the unified budget records as outlays .
EPA estimates that 5.6 million acres of lakes , estuaries and wetlands and 43,500 miles of streams , rivers and coasts are impaired by mercury emissions .
Although a mile long , its name is misleading because it is not one street but several different streets .
Favorite items that will help preserve your memories of the rugged Lakeland countryside are clothing or blankets made from the local Herdwick wool , coasters of polished slate , or walking sticks with ram 's - horn handles .
Too bad it chose to use McIntyre instead .
The streets are crammed with vendors selling shrine offerings of sweets , curds , and coconut , as well as garlands and holy images .
Windows 95 costs about $ 90 at my local computer superstore .
REPORT PREPARATION AND TEST REVIEW
The collection and indeed the building itself is not huge or overbearing , allowing visitors to relax and enjoy the art perhaps more than is possible in such massive galleries as the Louvre or Rijksmuseum .
We 're going to try something different this morning , said Jon .
Drinks are available and expensive .
Ramses II did not build it from stone but had it hewn into the cliffs of the Nile valley at a spot that stands only 7 km -LRB- 4 miles -RRB- from the Sudan border , in the ancient land of Nubia .
Hey , no problem , a fine policy .
you know getting clothes and stuff every once in awhile exactly
In manual systems , attestations , verifications , and approvals are usually shown by a signature or initial of an individual on a hard copy document .
yeah well are you you with TI
Beyond the facade there are cavernous empty rooms .
true yeah i know it is n't that ridiculous we have cable which helps a lot
That analysis is guided by an economist 's faith in the maxim that people are generally pretty good at looking out for their own interests .
Despite a recent renovation , the Meadows Mall is the least appealing of the three suburban malls .
Today , nothing remains except the foundations .
It was the heyday of the brilliant but lethal Spanish-Italian lecherous Rodrigo , who became Pope Alexander VI , and treacherous son Cesare , who stopped at nothing to control and expand the papal lands .
Jon walked back to the town to the smithy .
The Vice President and his representatives have asserted that GAO lacks the statutory authority to examine the activities of the NEPDG , recognizing only GAOas authority to audit its financial transactions .
Madrid is the perfect base for explorations into the heart and soul of Spain , with a wealth of fascinating day trips and a trio of UNESCO-honored cities just an hour or so from the city .
yeah yeah you probably get this probably pretty sticky after you get done then you 've got to drain the water out of the watermelon because you know when you scrape it it makes the water
But the world is not run for the edification of tourists .
He dismounted and Ca ` daan saw he was smaller than the rest .
The setting -- wherever it might be -- always seems authentic , not as if it were a Hollywood back lot .
There were maybe three hundred people present .
The rock has a soft texture and can be bought in a variety of shapes .
Workers are also represented in civil rights and retaliation claims .
The road along the coastline to the south travels through busy agricultural towns and fishing villages untouched by tourism .
They were inferior .
how long has he been in his present position
paid back down it uh
He loved her .
i think the rate of processing is just about uh reached the rate of housing anyway so keep the keep the normal as it is ca n't upset the system very much
' I really do n't feel comfortable around people who enjoy making speeches . '
The cane plantations , increasingly in the hands of American tycoons , found a ready market in the US .
Jon took Susan to the mother of the boy who had befriended her .
all they you know thinking that they 're going to have money and jobs and success and everything and then they then there is no jobs and they end up homeless and not knowing anybody and no money and it 's terrible
Inside are leather-bound regimental books with each serviceperson 's name duly inscribed .
Likewise , at their production decision reviews , these programs did not capture manufacturing and product reliability knowledge consistent with best practices .
Sixty percent of Americans are frustrated and angry with the health-care system , and 70 percent favor federal intervention .
His voice was even and calm , not a hint of rage .
The state legislature provides significant bipartisan support for the legal services delivery system .
Finally , the Administration strongly opposes including reductions for CO2 in S. 556 or any multi-pollutant bill .
i 'm not exactly sure
During the Crimean War -LRB- 1854 56 -RRB- she set up a hospital in the huge Selimiye Barracks -LRB- Selimiye Kelase -RRB- .
At the delta of the Rh ?? ne , where its two arms spill into the Medi?ter?ra?nean , the Camargue has been reclaimed from the sea to form a national nature reserve .
Good spots for blues are Harvelle 's Blues Club in Santa Monica , Jack 's Sugar Shack in Hollywood , and the House of Blues in West Hollywood .
For the first time I entertained the idea of taking my talents to that particular market ... .
She kept her most important papers in a purple despatch-case , which we must look through carefully . ''
Improved products and services Initiate actions and manage risks to develop new products and services within or outside the organization .
For example , the moderate scenario assumes a 50 % or $ 1 .
yeah because it like i i think i 've seen those before but i do n't remember what they look like
But you would not trust me . ''
For the upcoming world championships in microhockey , a super-vaccine was to be developed , which would be administered to all participants and audience members .
This confluence of a bad tax , a $ 1 billion reserve , a botched opposition campaign , and voters willing to call a bluff resulted in the I-695 victory .
Since 1998 , LSC has initiated and overseen significant structural changes in the number and configuration of LSC-funded programs in order to develop more powerful and effective state delivery systems .
All were prominent nationally known organizations .
Matches are held only intermittently , however The Calcutta Cup Match , in early April , pits the Scots against their auld enemy the English and is a great spectacle .
and oh okay and then went to Colorado
You did , did n't you ? ''
but i 've lived up here all my life and i 'm fifty eight years old so i i could
course the head bangers i stay away from those entirely
There is very little left of old Ocho the scant remains of Ocho Rios Fort are probably the oldest and now lie in an industrial area , almost forgotten as the tide of progress has swept over the town .
Bars with views and live music include Sky Lounge in the Sheraton Hotel and Towers , Tsim Sha Tsui ; and Cyrano in the Island Shangri-La in Pacific Place .
And Alan Tonelson , of the U.S.
Everything is a celebration .
The herds give a sense of proportion to the vast openness , just as the scattered farmhouses and characteristic drystone walls add reassuring warmth to even the loneliest valley .
so Eric what do you think um
Part 2 -RRB- , Confidentiality of Alcohol and Drug Abuse Patient Records .
Trial of Galileo
I am not .
Merrion Square West , Dublin 2 .
Children , especially boys , are seen as a blessing and are treated with indulgence , fussed over by mothers and grandmothers .
The park is a graceful and elegant expanse with fine views of the mountains , much loved by Dubliners since it was first opened to the public in 1747 .
but you 're without a paycheck during that time and i do n't at least that 's my understanding is even you know the first time you go for counseling and it 's six weeks before you 're back to work
medical and surgical expense coverage .
yeah no i do n't know if there 's any any series that i pay attention to i try to watch Cheers once in a while
Hersheimmer `` WELL , '' said Tuppence , recovering herself , `` it really seems as though it were meant to be . '' Carter nodded .
Challenges to Restore Public Confidence in
On 4 5 May a mass of mud and rocks was swept down by Pelee 's White River -LRB- Riviyre Blanche -RRB- over a factory , killing 25 people .
In about a quarter of an hour the bell rang , and Tuppence repaired to the hall to show the visitor out .
He had to try something .
when there was the ball that was sort of hit to Buckner to Buckner
ran toward us rather slowly , like people finishing their run .
She seemed so different ''
so it 's it 's changing and the summers are getting hot and the winters are cold but i guess i can live with it
Others watched them with cold eyes and expressionless faces .
I admit I have knowledge of a certain name , but perhaps my knowledge ends there . ''
However , SCR installations designed to comply with the NOX SIP Call are generally already into the installation process or , at a minimum , into the engineering phase of the project .
Nothing prior to May 7 , 1915 .
That 's why we tried to kill you .
To provide a common understanding of what is needed and expected in information technology security programs , NIST developed and published Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems -LRB- Special Pub 800-14 -RRB- in September 1996 .
MC2000-2 , was initially considered and recommended by the Commission under the market test rules .
Now suppose there is a private delivery firm in Cleveland that is competing with the postal service .
As recent events illustrate , trust takes years to gain but can be lost in an instant .
It was like looking into a mirror , except infinitely more realistic .
These aliens may seek legal assistance at any time during the year , although limited English ability and lack of knowledge of rights and procedures may provide obstacles to seeking and obtaining representation .
Ibiza 's seven-bulwark defences are almost completely intact .
The Garden Island is lush with botanical estates and Waimea Canyon , the grand Canyon of the Pacific .
and uh really they 're about it they 've got a guy named Herb Williams that that i guess sort of was supposed to take the place of uh Tarpley but he uh he just does n't have the offensive skills
The Data Warehousing Institute provides education and training in the data warehousing and business intelligence industry .
And frankly , the number seems a tad low to me .
Daniel sat buried by the lights , occasionally pressing things .
Think of it this When consumer confidence declines , it is as if , for some reason , the typical member of the co-op had become less willing to go out , more anxious to accumulate coupons for a rainy day .
Most recently , GAO reviewed activities of the White House China Trade Relations Working Group , which was established at the request of President Clinton in the exercise of his Constitutional powers .
He and his wife had lived at Styles Court in every luxury , surrounded by her care and attention .
I entered her shack , opening the painted door covered in runes of warding .
Look for the servant girl hurtled into hell for flirting with the devil .
You wonder what youre going to be when you grow up , lawyer Smith said .
The only comprehensible explanation is that the vocation that had burrowed in next to medicine had taken control , had insisted .
If all else failed , I could always make myself an exhibit .
The world ripped apart around them replaced with a world of fear and blood and fire .
well that 's not why i got it right how do you like your tread mill
Lavishly furnished and decorated , with much original period furniture , the rooms are used for ceremonial events , visits from foreign dignitaries , and EU meetings .
Yes , you 've done very well , young man .
Julius before the safe in the flat , her own question and the pause before his reply , `` Nothing . '' Was there really nothing ?
And environmentalists have on occasion attacked religion for promoting human domination over the natural world .
However , in the off-field -LRB- sentimental -RRB- tournament , the Falcons and Jets have more appealing story lines .
His proud reserve -- a product of 40 years in the spotlight -- is refreshing but does not bode well for his capacity to shepherd big ideas through Congress .
18 In 1989 , rural carriers received an average of 34 cents per mile as a motor vehicle allowance .
Under the budget deal , by 2002 , national defense will consume about $ 273 billion a year compared with $ 267 billion now .
We are also advocating enhanced reporting in connection with key federal performance and projection information .
First , we can acknowledge , and maybe even do something about , some of the disaffecting fallout from globalization , such as pollution and cultural dislocation .
To assist programs with implementing these web sites , the Northwest Justice Project and ProBonoNet in New York are hiring two full-time circuit riders to assist grantees with content management and to ensure that each web site supports the entire state justice community .
you know it 's it 's not easy to do but
Sphinxes were guardian deitiesinEgyptianmythologyandthis was monumentalprotection , standing73 m -LRB- 240 ft -RRB- longand20 m -LRB- 66 feet -RRB- high .
They post loads of newspaper articles -- Yahoo!
In Roman times a temple to Jupiter stood here , followed in the fourth century by the first Christian church , Saint-Etienne .
so they do n't deal much in cash anymore either
Julius nodded gravely .
I hate pigeons .
Do you think Mrs. Inglethorp made a will leaving all her money to Miss Howard ? I asked in a low voice , with some curiosity .
The crucial part of that world is the home where parents relate to children .
The sculpture on the dome -LRB- a personification of Commerce -RRB- and the river gods -LRB- including Anna Livia , set over the main door -RRB- are by Edward Smyth , who was also responsible for the statues on the GPO .
There are many such at the present time .
In 1995 and again in 1998 , the Legal Services Corporation recognized that legal services programs were going to have to change the method and manner in which they conducted their business if they were going to remain viable and responsive to the needs of low income persons .
yeah i think they get bogged down in a lot of small issues that people you know special interest groups can blow up
uh well i figured if i had it done in the garage at the Toyota dealer i would be looking at probably three or four hundred dollars
Huntington -- like Buchanan -- claims not to be a cultural He is defending the integrity of all cultures , theirs and ours .
It 's Legal Aid 's commitment to justice .
yes it is kind it is family and it 's fun it 's a fun thing and kids enjoy that and
This time around , Lloyd believes he 's the Messiah .
if it had rained any more in the last two weeks instead of planting Saint Augustine grass in the front yard i think i would have plowed everything under and had a rice field
Judge Bailey was chosen because he should be looked at as the representative of all future winners .
While parents may pick up this gay semaphore , kids are n't likely to .
He watched San ` doro silent in his thoughts .
You can count on me , if necessary , for one million dollars .
Clearly , the press has done a lousy job with its focus on behavior such as infidelity or drug use that most people do n't care about .
Be sure to look around and compare before buying .
In a still faintly Victorian atmosphere , Dinard has preserved all the best assets of a good luxury villas and long , paved promenades , plush hotels , elegant boutiques , discothyques , casino , parks and gardens , and an Olympic-size public swimming pool .
Even analysts who had argued for loosening the old standards , by which the market was clearly overvalued , now think it has maxed out for a while .
The remaining parts of the north , although enticing , are difficult to explore .
Penrith and Blencathra are also Celtic names , established during this early period of settlement .
Maybe I am too .
oh of course
Expenses included in calculating net cost for education and training programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity shall be reported as investments in human capital as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units .
The disorder hardly seemed to exist before the stimulant Ritalin came along .
Click Friedrich Hayek ring to go ...
so that 's that 's one of your priorities there 's got to be air has to be an automatic
and not only that it it opens you to phone solicitations
i ripped the ligaments in my right ankle
um-hum yeah that 's very true you know how many is it they say we have so many lawyers in this country and i guess i i live near Washington being in in Baltimore it 's something like one in four people in the Washington
Unfortunately , following the vogue of conceptualism , Kentridge has entered a film in the show , , which uses animation of sketches much cruder than the ones he usually does interspersed with documentary footage from the apartheid era .
Oh , yes , sir . Dorcas was looking very curiously at him and , to tell the truth , so was I.
Citing conservative critics of Brown vs.
Waterloo .
An important early material , obsidian , was discovered on the island of Milos .
Here you 'll see the delightful but slowly disappearing indigenous FWI costume madras turban , madras skirt over petticoat , silk peplum , white blouse , and gold earrings , bracelets , and collier-choux necklace .
There 's only one thing for me to do . ''
In Texas , the ability to produce fairly stated external financial reports was only the first step in building a more effective , resultsoriented government .
Audit committees should not only oversee both internal and external auditors , but also be proactively involved in understanding issues related to the complexity of the business , and , when appropriate , challenge management through discussion of choices regarding complex accounting , financial reporting , and auditing issues .
so who so if you go out and you 're talking like a ten or fifteen thousand dollar vehicle and you add that sales tax on that 's a that 's a big chunk of change you have to come up with
I am due to speak at a meeting at two o'clock .
The interim rule was reviewed by INS and EOIR under Executive Order
Mack Lee , Body Servant of General Robert E. Lee Through the Civil War , published in 1918 .
They 're both excited about it ...
It does n't seem expensive -- they use it in Bangladesh , after all .
yeah and i 'll do this uh sometimes i 'll put my after I pour that into my back into my saucepan i 'll put the eggs in the same dish and beat them up and then pour the cornstarch and the milk mixture in the egg so
yeah well i ca n't i 'll you know i say i ca n't wait for my kids to grow up but i believe i 'm going to miss this age when they 're gone
yes that i think that 's true so that makes them feel definitely like outsiders but like getting back to the their government benefits they they do have a lot of uh tax benefits
This man claims that he has been robbed en route and is stranded without money or his plane ticket in an airport somewhere in Europe or the Middle East .
Critics call the subject of the film inherently intriguing but complain that it has been marred by the Burnsian sensibility , ...
i understand i can imagine you all have much trouble up there with insects or
WHOLE LIFE POLICIES - Policies that provide insurance over the insured 's entire life and the proceeds -LRB- face amount -RRB- are paid only upon death of the insured .
and maybe we 'll run across each other again
Long Bay is seven miles of sublime fine sand , gentle azure water , and cooling palm trees .
I saw that a faint streak of daylight was showing through the curtains of the windows , and that the clock on the mantelpiece pointed to close upon five o'clock .
how long has he been in his present position
Hearty Sabbath meals .
The rustic Bras-David picnic area , for example , is set alongside a burbling stream .
To check this , the central bank has tripled interest rates and used hard currency reserves -LRB- now reduced to $ 10 billion in ready cash -RRB- to buy back rubles .
In the first instance , IRS would have no record of time before the person could get through to an agent and of discouraged callers .
Upriver , east of Blois , in a huge densely wooded park surrounded by 31 km -LRB- 20 miles -RRB- of high walls , the brilliant white Ceteau de Cham??bord is the most extravagant of all the royal residences in the Loire Valley .
Traditionally , certain designs were reserved for royalty , but today elegant geometric or exuberant , stylized floral patterns are available to all .
In fiscal year 2000 , it reported estimated improper Medicare Fee-for-Service payments of $ 11 .
They were quite , tetanic in character . ''
what was the problem
Later , Tom testified against John so as to avoid the electric chair .
Barney Frank , D-Mass. , will log some of the best sound bites , while Rep.
The twenty mastic villages known collectively as mastihohoria were built by the Genoese in the 14 15th centuries .
It is also sometimes called simply Beaubourg , after the 13th-century neighborhood that surrounds it .
A profile crowns Chris Rock The Funniest Man in America .
well no see i 'm from a town named Panhandle
... I succeeded in my false career .
yeah well my uh my uh probably one of the biggest decisions i think that was very strengthened for our family was rather than have one child make that decision
does does that make since to you
Lie back , and DO N'T THINK .
No , I do n't know .
i mean i 'm i 'm sort of strange in a way i 'm i 'm about twenty pounds overweight and i smoke but my blood pressure is about my last reading was just the other day it was one hundred two over seventy nine
Still , it would be interesting to know . 109 Poirot looked at me very earnestly , and again shook his head .
Should we invite these young wealthies back to our comparatively humble , small home ?
She wears either revealing clothes or professional clothes -LRB- or perhaps both -RRB- .
Likewise , at their production decision reviews , these programs did not capture manufacturing and product reliability knowledge consistent with best practices .
However , some participants cautioned that principle-based standards should not be viewed as a panacea to solve the problems with financial reporting and could lead to an undesirable situation where you would not have comparability or agreement as to the treatment of similar transactions .
Peel Edgerton .
More than half of 800,000 native islanders are children , and the mother is traditionally responsible for bringing them up , handling the money , and making key domestic decisions .
You can eat and shop in and around the once-magnificent and heavily fortified Crusader city , with its enormous ramparts and cathedral .
The H-2A worker must depart the country and is subject to deportation for failing to do so .
The tomb of Job Charnock , the Company official who founded the city of Caletta , is in the church cemetery .
it depends a lot of uh a lot of things were thought that uh as you know the farmers thought okay we got chemicals we 're putting chemicals on the field well the ground will naturally filter out the
right well the warmth that developed between them and again it i think was a picture of relationships
He reverted to his former point of view .
The house fell into ruin after emancipation , when fear of the witch 's influence drove the plantation 's slaves away .
5 The share of gross national saving used to replace depreciated capital has increased over the past 40 years .
If ancient writings give only a romanticized view , they do offer a more precise picture of Indo-Aryan society .
We hate them because they are smarter , or more studious , or more focused than we are .
An organization 's activities , core processes , and resources must be aligned to support its mission and help it achieve its goals .
In the meantime we must send for a doctor , but before we do so , is there anything in this room that might be of value to us ? '' Hastily , the three searched .
Technological advances generally come in waves that crest and eventually subside .
oh uh-huh well no they would n't would they no
And here , current history adds a major point .
Tourist Information offices can be very helpful .
At that event , legal services personnel , court personnel , and other technology experts saw demonstrations by four companies on their products , and assessed their utility for preparing pro se documents .
Duke William returned from his conquest of England to attend the consecration of Notre-Dame in 1067 .
so i how do you feel that it should be applied
EPA estimates that 5.6 million acres of lakes , estuaries and wetlands and 43,500 miles of streams , rivers and coasts are impaired by mercury emissions .
THEY ARE READY , returned Susan 's voice in the back of his mind .
oh really it would n't matter if we plant them when it was starting to get warmer
Exhibitions are often held in the splendid entrance hall .
On your right is the entrance to the 16th-century Sandal Bedesten , with lovely brick vaults supported on massive stone pillars .
Yes , sir .
` Pardon me for saying so , but I really do n't think this is the time for an entree , ' I said .
Second tier , but nearly as promising , are Morales of Texas , Scott Harshbarger of Massachusetts , and Dennis Vacco of New York .
Do n't expect to be swinging much after midnight , even in towns .
they do n't call them immigrants anymore that was back during my granddaddy 's day
The street ends at Taksim Square -LRB- Taksim Meydane -RRB- , the heart of modern Istanbul , lined with luxurious five-star hotels and the glass-fronted Ataturk Cultural Centre -LRB- Ataturk Keleter Sarayy -RRB- , also called the Opera House .
In 1979 , he stopped at a Lexington clothing store to buy cowboy boots .
If there was a bit of Fuller in Leonardo , there was also a bit of Liberace in this theatrical , high-living dandy who favored brocade doublets and bad boys with pretty faces .
it 's the very same type of paint and everything
and i do n't think they 've repainted since
yeah it 's definitely a way out of the way where where as
3 -RRB- The gap between the productivity of women and the productivity of men .
I ca n't help but wonder if Shuger thought to ask himself a few simple questions before launching his attack -- questions such as , did Tripp ask to be moved to her current job ?
In the original , Reich is set up by his host and then ambushed by a hostile questioner named John , and when he tries to answer with an eloquent Mr. Smith speech -LRB- My fist is clenched .
The city plans to build a community center for Lincoln Place and a future fire station on the site .
I ordered Better Sexual Techniques , Advanced Sexual Techniques , Making Sex Fun , and Advanced Oral Sex Techniques -LRB- priced about $ 11 .
Likewise , at their production decision reviews , these programs did not capture manufacturing and product reliability knowledge consistent with best practices .
A conventional siege was useless against such a seemingly impregnable rock , however , and with so much food and water the Zealots could not be starved into submission .
GAO 's recommendations are intended to improve the economy , efficiency , and effectiveness of an agency 's operations and to improve the accountability of the federal government for the benefit of the American people .
and the other thing is the cost it 's almost prohibitive to bring it to a dealer
The South African priest who invited Clinton to do so is quoted in the paper as saying that once Clinton stood up , he was thinking about how much embarrassment it would have caused him by my saying , please sit down .
oh older ones too i know a few of those
It 's a great novelty , but very expensive .
The village is Sainte-Marie , named by the explorer when he landed on 4 November 1493 , attracted by the waterfalls and river he could see flowing down the green inland mountains .
If necessary to meeting the restrictions imposed in the preceding sentence , the Administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the basic Phase II allowance allocations for each unit subject to the requirements of section 414 .
huh-uh the the yeah see the Taurus Show has the spoiler kit and the and the big engine and the and stuff like that
Sue me , Royko wrote .
The great thing is to keep calm . '' Julius groaned .
Do n't you remember ? Today we 're going to auntie Basia 's birthday party . '
Such parties may include
It can be done , he said at last .
From the inventories of the initiatives they developed in response to our request , we asked agency officials to identify those agency components and initiatives that , in their view , had successfully involved and empowered employees .
They greeted her and she smiled shyly back .
The burden of his spiritual functions as high priest of Shinto and the tasks of administration led the emperor to welcome an early abdication , frequently to retire to a life of Buddhist meditation and scholarship .
In the 1980s , and as late as 1994 , a major Republican theme was a sort of taunting , nyah-nyah populism .
But overinterpretation or even misinterpretation are not the same as bias .
After three days of using the gel , my mouth has returned to its familiar self .
Sandstone and granite were the materials used to build the Baroque church of Bom Jesus , famous for its casket of St. Francis Xavier 's relics in the mausoleum to the right of the altar .
At the top of the hill is the imposing medieval fortress of Kadifekale .
Because the paper did not say that .
If the company makes money on the policy , other insurers are expected to follow .
With an area of just 541 sq km -LRB- 209 sq miles -RRB- , it is slightly smaller than the Isle of Man or twice Martha 's Vineyard in Massachusetts .
As he stepped across the threshold , Tommy brought the picture down with terrific force on his head .
Oh my God , I 'm actually intimidated by a Simulacra .
What changed ?
no it did n't
Joseph Lister pioneered the use of carbolic acid to keep wounds clean , and James Young Simpson experimented with chloroform as an anesthetic .
I should put it this way .
Not surprisingly , then , Fannie Mae 's public-relations operation is unparalleled in Washington .
now that 's a good idea
It was worth the trip for that .
` Wait here , ' I was ordered .
Diamonds are graded from D to X , with only D , E , and F considered good , D being colorless or river white , J slightly tinted , Q light yellow , and S to X yellow .
For a review of the literature , see William G. Gale and John Sabelhaus , Perspectives on the Household Saving Rate , Brookings Papers on Economic Activity -LRB- 1:1999 -RRB- , pp. 181-224 .
She had the pathetic aggression of a wife or mother -- to Bunt there was no difference .
He threw one of them and shot the other .
Exhibit 3 presents total national emissions of NOx and SO2 from all sectors , including power .
After the execution of Guru Tegh Bahadur , his son , Guru Gobind Singh , exalted the faithful to be ever ready for armed defense .
I had an additional reason for that belief in the fact that all the cups found contained sugar , which Mademoiselle Cynthia never took in her coffee .
The m ?? tro -LRB- subway -RRB- is the fastest way to move around the city , but the buses , both in the capital and the other big towns , are best for taking in the sights .
As discussed in section 1 , personal saving is the amount of aggregate disposable personal income left over after personal spending on goods and services .
Jon replaced Susan 's cloak with a white robe and a head scarf , also quite dirty .
Do you trust me , Uncle?Gauve hesitated .
Intifada to the Present
INTEREST RATE - The price charged per unit of money borrowed per year , or other unit of time , usually expressed as a percentage .
Cornwall Beach , another private beach with perfect sand and sheltered waters , can be found behind the Jamaica Tourist Office building , a short distance east along Gloucester Avenue .
Though prehistoric remains from the Paleolithic , Neolithic , and Bronze Ages have been unearthed in the Manzanares Valley , prior to Madrid 's sudden elevation to capital city in 1561 its history was rather undistinguished .
Also , under credit reform , the credit subsidy cost is recorded as an outlay when a direct or guaranteed loan is disbursed .
Interesting Conflict Over Conflict of Interest
She hates me . ''
you know things like that But i do n't follow any team i check the scores the next morning and i know how everybody 's doing and that suffices me But
3 Accordingly , auditors performing financial audits need to be proficient in applying the AICPA standards and guidance contained in the SASs .
What idiots girls are !
I will practice The Look on old French ladies who are happy to have any old look at all , I say , and then , as I get the hang of it , move gradually into the big leagues .
From here it 's all through the charming hillside village of Saint-Claude , with its upper-income homes , and on toward the summit or as far as the gendarmes are allowing traffic to proceed that day .
Standard screens may not perform as well in these patient subgroups that may represent a considerable part of the ED population .
This formal Review Process guarantees representatives of every designated state planning body the right to direct communication with LSC officials at the highest level in seeking reconsideration of an LSC decision .
... I saw that I must lead two lives .
Tell me , how did those scribbled words on the envelope help you to discover that a will was made yesterday afternoon ? '' Poirot smiled .
Like the Japanese , Chinese , and Portuguese before them , many of the new peoples would stay on in Hawaii , adding to the ethnic and racial mix that has become a hallmark of the islands .
`` An egg has got to hatch , '' he said .
Explanation building is the inverse starting with the observations , the evaluator develops a picture of what is happening and why .
David Cope , a professor of music at the University of California at Santa Cruz , claims to have created a 42 nd Mozart symphony .
Upon commencement of commercial operation of each new utility unit under subpart 1 of part B , the unit shall comply with the requirements of subsection -LRB- a -RRB- -LRB- 1 -RRB- .
The second half of the book dealt with the use of the true name .
And these are tough times for reviewers in general .
Update on the Democratic fund-raising scandal : 1 -RRB- President Clinton said FBI agents denied him advance warning about Chinese influence-buying efforts by telling his aides to keep the information secret .
Their rights have been the source of conflicts in the central government .
Each individual 's survival curve , or the probability of surviving beyond a given age , should shift as a result of an environmental quality improvement .
what do you think about uh about our new governor since she happens to be a female
Criminal discovered in last chapter .
Shoot only the ones that face us , Jon had told Adrin .
it 's neat when you think about how she wrote it and stuff otherwise the lyrics are kind of
I like ethnic humor .
I must n't keep you .
He pointed at his bald head .
yeah although i do worry that how easy this one was might be a bad lesson uh to the to the younger people um you know than there is the other generation
is there still that type of music available
At the pictures the crooks always have a restoorant in the Underworld .
you know it took away a lot of of time from them we did go out to you know to the places that you typically take children to and we had a lot of fun but it seems as though the time went by so fast that
' She gets a little obsessive about her sauce .
senior management oversight and approval ofRequired acquisition objectives and plans .
Harlem was our first permanent office , he said .
Three more days went by in dreary inaction .
He grimaced at his own doubts .
The key question may be not what Hillary knew but when she knew it .
yeah exactly right it really is because they 're gon na get them one way or another they will always have a way look at drugs they always have a way to get that so
Also , Time claims that for the past year , the FBI has been seeking Robert Jacques , a possible accomplice to Timothy McVeigh in the Oklahoma City bombing .
yeah i can believe that
Around the year 1400 , fighting over the island of Singapore drove the Srivijaya prince Parameswara to seek refuge up the peninsula coast with his orang laut pirate friends in their small fishing village of Melaka .
There was food for all , and houses had been conjured hastily to shelter the people .
my goodness it 's hard to believe i did n't think there was anybody in the country who had n't seen that one
This was used for ceremonial purposes , allowing statues of the gods to be carried to the river for journeys to the west bank , or to the Luxor sanctuary .
iii Program Letter 1998-1 , published on February 12 , 1998 , called upon all LSC recipients to analyze any progress made toward the development of the legal services model envisioned by state planners .
This call to play fortuneteller is not easily refused .
I could 've afforded a much swankier , up-town place - or at least , a slightly swankier , mid-town place - but all that space would just encourage me to clutter .
-LRB- For more information on BLM 's senior executive performance plans , see app .
right yeah that 's it 's always handy to have that that credit card for whatever it is that you might need it for
You 're all right now .
You will also see hippie-made jewellery on sale , especially at the market in Punta Arab? .
The media focused on Liggett 's admissions of the obvious -- that cigarettes are addictive and cause cancer and heart disease -- and its agreement to pay the states a quarter of its -LRB- relatively small -RRB- pretax profits for the next 25 years .
Most produce is locally grown , with some from the restaurant 's own organic garden .
A stable funding level not only supports GAO 's strong return on investment of $ 57 for every $ 1 spent , it creates the environment necessary to recruit , retain , compensate , train and motivate a strong and capable workforce .
The baby 's father responded by filing a wrongful death suit .
Under Deng Xiaoping , Beijing actively sought to cultivate a good bilateral relationship .
Trays can be found in all sizes and those with a wooden stand make wonderful portable tables for the home .
To reach Old Cairo take the Nile River Bus from the jetty near the Ramses Hilton hotel ; it will drop you at the terminus of Masr El-Qadeema ; or take the Cairo metro line 1 to Mari Girgis Station .
i 've yeah i 've done it before and when i was in high in high school and college and thoroughly enjoyed it and and it 's really a a blast my wife hates it but that 's the way life is i guess
The WP says that the Paula Jones trial judge has had an interesting prior run-in with Bill Clinton .
However , the specific approaches to executing those principles tended to differ among the various sectors .
So is the salt , drying in the huge , square pans at Las Salinas in the south .
Respondents to the Board 's question on whether the alternatives of presenting costs of Federal mission PP & amp
We make simulacra out of mandrakes -- like the manicurist in the barber shop .
Ca ` daan 's mouth hung open .
Dinghies are available for hire from the marinas at Tel Aviv , Jaffa , Akko , Netanya , and Nahariya .
we were talking . Try to behave
oh , just about nothing .
`` The summons was only for Dave Hanson , '' Ser Perth said sternly as the three drew up to him .
Cultural transitions of major organizations are never easy to accomplish , and I would certainly not claim that it will be easy for GAO .
To check this , the central bank has tripled interest rates and used hard currency reserves -LRB- now reduced to $ 10 billion in ready cash -RRB- to buy back rubles .
Are you sure ?
That story remains to be told .
He charged Jon , knife high .
These are issues that we wrestle with in practice groups of law firms , she said .
Be of good cheer ,
It 's come back ? cried Julius excitedly .
In kampung workshops you can watch fantastic birds and butterflies being made of paper -LRB- and increasingly , nowadays , of plastic , too -RRB- drawn over strong , flexible bamboo frames .
The movie does n't come to much , though .
If she did n't like her restaurant so much , the woman 'd be high-up in Applied by now .
Friendly Fire , by Joe Lovano and Greg Osby -LRB- Blue Note Records -RRB- .
Sun Ra 's spaceships did not come , as it were , out of nowhere .
okay movies i 've i have n't seen too many lately i have kids and we went and saw The Rescuers Down Under over the the break do do you have kids you take to movies or
Ah , triple pig !
they just did n't watch him on TV
My last afternoon in Louisian was supposed to be no different - but the hotel room was small and claustrophobic , and I was utterly bored .
You and your friends are not welcome here , said Severn .
The Palace of Jahangir is built around a square court with arches .
For more than 26 centuries it has witnessed countless declines , falls , and rebirths , and today continues to resist the assaults of brutal modernity in its time-locked , color-rich historical center .
Audit committees should not only oversee both internal and external auditors , but also be proactively involved in understanding issues related to the complexity of the business , and , when appropriate , challenge management through discussion of choices regarding complex accounting , financial reporting , and auditing issues .
The most important directions are simply up and up leads eventually to the cathedral and fortress commanding the hilltop , and down inevitably leads to one of three gates through the wall to the new town .
You can alternate lazy days on the beach with some of the Medi?ter?ra?nean 's best deep-sea diving , boat excursions around pirate coves , canoeing and fishing on inland rivers , or hikes and picnics in the mountains .
So it was n't Missenhardt 's singing -- marvelous though that was -- that made Osmin 's rantings so thrilling .
Even the most aged and infirm travel here to die , for nothing is more blessed for a devout Hindu than to die in the great waters of the Varanasi and thus be released from the eternal cycle of rebirth .
but uh i 've always enjoyed uh the train and you know fooling with it and all
To some critics , the mystery is n't , as Harris suggests , how women throughout history have exploited their sexual power over men , but how pimps like him have come away with the profit .
The arches that flank the nave are filled with tiers of columns and the walls with windows , while the arches above the entrance and the apse are backed by semi-domes , further increasing the interior space .
Is n't a woman 's body her most personal property ?
No . I guess I 'm going too .
The interior of the palace is very dark , and the use of flash is forbidden , so photographers should think twice before paying the extra fee for bringing in a camera or video equipment .
The younger girl ran screaming to her .
so it 's sociology
Still , commercial calculation is n't sufficient to explain his stand .
well that 's good that 's great
Beyond the Quantitative Cul-de - A Qualitative Perspective on Youth Employment Programs .
Expenses included in calculating net cost for education and training programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity shall be reported as investments in human capital as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units .
The unintended side effect is radical , direct In what other state do voters set the tax rates ?
The bridge would work for a very short time but the stream is n't a clear defense .
Rep. Charles Rangel , D-N.Y. : I would say that if you had members of the KKK , that were not directly tied to the murder -- that they did not do the murder -- that 90 years -LSB- in jail -RSB- would be excessive .
The truth ?
The Santa Monica Pier is the coastal setting for the Twilight Dance Series , a selection of free summer concerts arranged each year .
The event is the definition of a crowd pleaser , replete with appearances by the Rockettes , the Mormon Tabernacle Choir , and Santa Claus -LRB- the act is n't entirely without bite ; there 's also a very funny moment involving a heart attack -RRB- .
million in savings this year .
Progressives at last are noticing that the best argument for government activism is that it works .
Abortive countrywide revolts
To reach any of the three Carbet falls , you must continue walking after the roads come to an end for 20 minutes , 30 minutes , or two hours respectively .
Trump , who said he would decide by March whether to run for president , would likely spend $ 100 million to $ 200 million of his own money on a campaign .
The panels are to collect advice and recommendations from representatives of affected small entities as part of their deliberative process .
yeah well i 'm a hot weather person i 'm i can take the heat but i do n't like the cold
Oh ! I exclaimed , much relieved .
The story of the technology business gets spiced up because the reality is so bland .
huh do you have your own kiln or do you do you
well so okay you need to get married and have kids and then when they 're big enough you can have them go do the yard and you can do what you want to do
Czarek had to fight for attention :
Congress ' determination to make agencies accountable for their performance lay at the heart of two landmark reforms of the 1990 the Chief Financial Officers -LRB- CFO -RRB- Act of 1990 and the Government Performance and Results Act of 1993 -LRB- GPRA -RRB- .
On the northern slopes of this rocky outcropping is the site of the ancient capital of the island , also called Thira , which dates from the third century b.c. -LRB- when the Aegean was under Ptolemaic rule -RRB- .
The formation of a single statewide program was adopted to breathe life into a single program that will provide meaningful access to high quality legal services , in the pursuit of justice for as many low-income people throughout Colorado as possible .
By then , the program had added Carroll and Grayson counties and the city of Galax and had five attorneys .
Julius Caesar 's nephew Octavian took the name Augustus ; Rome ceased to be a republic , and became an empire .
The Commission 's analysis uses both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities .
To see the desert at its best , go out at dawn and at sunset .
The elements of this example , repeated across millions of individual tasks , encapsulates the difference between an advanced industrial economy with a high standard of living and a less developed country with a low standard of living .
The dramatic cliffs of the Serra de Tramuntana mountain range hug the coastline of the entire northwest and north , from Andratx all the way to the Cape of Formentor .
Until all members of our society are afforded that access , this promise of our government will continue to be unfulfilled .
The first historical mention of Agra is in 1501 , when Sultan Sikandar Lodi made it his capital .
The park on the hill of Monte makes a good playground , while the ride down in a wicker toboggan is straight out of an Old World theme park -LRB- though surely tame for older kids -RRB- .
Leather Wares
He slowed .
and then i got into it and then back out of it and it it just seems like every couple of years i get back in there
Among the sights in Beziers are the ancient Eglise Saint Jacques and Eglise Sainte Madeleine , the 19th-century Halles -LRB- covered market -RRB- , and the massive Cathedrale Saint-Nazaire , from which there is a good view over the river valley .
yeah because those things i think would just snap you know
The book is a parody of Bartlett 's , serving up quotes from Lincoln , Jefferson , and Roger Rosenblatt with equal pomposity .
Among runners-up is Boston solo Eleanor Newhoff .
Other Major Museums
He wanted silk and encouraged the Dutch and British as good , nonproselytizing Protestants just interested in trade .
Conversely , an increase in government saving adds to the supply of resources available for investment and may put downward pressure on interest rates .
right and uh there 's usually nobody running against you know the incumbents
` You 've double-crossed me about four times in one afternoon .
You 're the Desert Ghost .
It was here in 1952 that King Farouk signed his abdication before boarding his yacht for exile in Italy .
Well , let us leave it .
Hold hard , said Tommy .
oh thank God i 've never been to Midland
and uh we went through a time period that we had three Danes
On the window above the sink a small container is stuffed with bits of leftovers -- the red berries of barberry , small twigs of willow , cuttings of hinoki cypress with its fruits attached , and the pendulous leathery seed pods of wisteria .
Jon ran as the tunnel collapsed behind him .
How long , Thaler and Siegel ask , will it take most investors to get wise to the fact that the equity premium is just too damned high ?
Perhaps San ` doro 's views had grown into him .
The key question may be not what Hillary knew but when she knew it .
Auditors from another country engaged to conduct audits in their country should meet the professional qualifications to practice under that country 's laws and regulations or other acceptable standards , such as those issued by the International Organization of Supreme Audit Institutions .
oh boy it the i think it 's like one or the other is n't it i mean you either
From ethnic food shops and vintage clothing stores to electronics and book shops , there are so many interesting shopping spots that it is hard to imagine their breadth and depth .
Each of them was as tough as a thick tree and loyal to the death .
Poor Dave , she said .
that 's true um-hum well that 's true the America 's paying all this money to have other people give uh aid to other countries so they could be paying their own people and training their own people at the same time
and uh i know what nothing is when i moved out there
The strangest role reversal is going on right now and concerns democracy itself .
I have kept you and clothed you and fed you !
REESTIMATE - Refers to estimates of the subsidy costs performed subsequent to their initial estimates made at the time of a loan 's disbursement .
The Standard , published a few days before Deng 's death , covers similar territory .
He seemed a trifle embarrassed .
um-hum yeah we 're still pretty much you know in winter as far as that goes here
Hong Kong has long been China 's handiest window on the West , and the city is unrivaled in its commercial know-how and managerial expertise .
yeah no i do n't know if there 's any any series that i pay attention to i try to watch Cheers once in a while
He wore a simple leather breastplate with a single red glyph over the chest .
profit rather
Companies that were foreign had to accept Indian financial participation and management .
With most plants needing to install control equipment to meet these requirements , it is likely that this approach would lead to installation of controls that become obsolete and stranded capital investments as additional requirements are promulgated .
The Varanasi Hindu University has an Art Museum with a superb collection of 16th-century Mughal miniatures , considered superior to the national collection in Delhi .
Conspiracy theorists MasterCard is investing in a chip that can store electronic cash , your medical history , and keys to your home and office .
I felt an immeasurable 230 contempt for him ... .
Then he ran .
trying to keep grass alive during a summer on a piece of ground that big was expensive
yeah yeah i think well i know it 's true you see a lot of that you know rally behind the female she may lose but by golly we 're going to make a statement here
As long as Assad lives , he can manage these troubles and keep an agreement with Israel .
Kentucky officials say there is a virtual epidemic of abusive relationships in the state .
Per week ?
To provide a useful perspective on how alternative levels of national saving affect future living standards , we also compared our simulation results to a historical benchmark .
Major journeys from one part of the country to another , say , from Milan to Rome or down to Naples , is most enjoyed by train buffs and travelers with plenty of time , patience , and curiosity .
Where do you think she can be , Sir James ? '' The lawyer shook his head .
Like Arabs and Jews , Diamond warns , Koreans and Japanese are joined by blood yet locked in traditional enmity .
Long famous as the home of artists and bohemians , who call it La Butte -LRB- The Mound -RRB- , Montmartre is an essential piece of Paris mythology .
and the professors who go there and you 're not going to see the professors you know you 're going to see some TA you know uh
In the vaults of the Bank .
There should be someone here who knew more of what was going on in this world than he did now .
Indeed , the Democratic counteroffensive has already begun .
Tommy was suddenly galvanized into life .
But I 've seen five other bodies come down like this .
I am not aware of any studies comparing the number of words an average person could expect to hear spoken in a typical day 500 years ago vs. the number that can be heard now , but the increase surely is vast .
It sounds perfect , said Jon .
Initial demand for land in the New Town was not spectacular ; in fact , incentives had to be offered to entice buyers .
-LSB- Requires free registration .
Because of the casualties , Lind says , the United States would eventually have had to leave Vietnam anyway .
This breakdown of PA-Israeli cooperation is the basis for the Israeli complaint that Arafat is culpable for last week 's Jerusalem bombing .
In short , we all got tired of clever analyses of what might happen ; and throughout economics there was a shift in focus away from theorizing , toward data collection and careful statistical analysis .
Energy-related activities are the primary source of U.S. man-made greenhouse gas emissions .
But he said he thought the Ledfords understood they could qualify only if he put down a stated income , typically an undocumented business income that raises the borrower 's interest rate .
John Panzar has characterized street delivery as a bottleneck function because a single firm can deliver to a recipient at a lower total cost than multiple firms delivering to the same customer .
Little is recorded about this group , but they were probably the ancestors of the Gododdin , whose feats are told in a seventh-century Old Welsh manuscript .
Great mistake to say too much .
` Do n't worry , ' he whispered .
agencies ' operating trust , enterprise and internal service funds -RRB- are required to produce auditable financial statements .
Part 2 -RRB- , Confidentiality of Alcohol and Drug Abuse Patient Records .
The main gate of the churchyard leads out to Greyfriars Place , and across the street you will find an excellent view of one of Scotland 's newest museums .
Agreed-upon Auditors perform testing to issue a report of findings based on specific procedures performed on subject matter .
In Temple Bar , the bookshop at the Gallery of Photography carries a large selection of photographic publications , and the Flying Pig is a secondhand bookshop .
um-hum yeah i know what that 's like uh-huh
I should think some one had taken charge of it . ''
` Upload him into his body ? What body ? '
David Cope , a professor of music at the University of California at Santa Cruz , claims to have created a 42 nd Mozart symphony .
Sarawak pottery is ochre-colored with bold geometric designs .
Most large hotels will have a floorshow featuring music and dance , including a voluptuous belly-dancer , who will introduce the audience to the art of gyrating Egyptian style .
are you originally from uh Texas
it may be arrogant but i mean let them come to us
with little back packs of their own and you know things like that
Arawak peoples migrated to various Caribbean islands , arriving in Jamaica by the beginning of the eighth century .
so uh listen i 'll call Triple A uh auto club any time
Knowing this can help workers understand that some combination of revenue increases and benefit reductions will be necessary to restore the program 's long-term solvency .
5 -RRB- The Democrats are reaping what they sowed -LRB- after torturing Robert Bork , John Tower , and Clarence Thomas -RRB- .
In a further role reversal , Gingrich may have positioned himself to fill it .
Under the budget deal , by 2002 , national defense will consume about $ 273 billion a year compared with $ 267 billion now .
I 'm busy now .
They said that -LRB- 1 -RRB- agencies need to be able to design their procedures to fit their particular circumstances -LRB- e.g.
And now they here put him in a coma . '
yeah yeah and i took a five year note out on my car when i right when i got out of college and uh i 'll never do that again i still got a couple of years on it to go and i 'm
Also downtown is the Flower Market , on Wall and 8th streets ; fresh-cut flowers and a variety of plants can be had for bargain prices , but the best selections are found before dawn .
They said that the current system reflects that diversity , with agencies developing new participation processes and information management systems as needed for their individual programs and communities .
Ever since the Tokugawa shoguns restricted performances to the samurai classes , noh drama has had a rather elitist appeal .
Emissions will be cut from current emissions of 48 tons to a cap of 26 tons in 2010 , and
yeah and they 've got those bins that just stay there and they decorated them real cute you know with a bunch of big old flowers and stuff
And if they did come , as remote as that is , you and your men look strong enough to handle anything .
well i i 'm doing computer science computer engineering
There followed the Balkan Wars , in which Turkey lost western Thrace and Macedonia , then World War I , into which Turkey entered on Germany 's side .
As the road climbs toward the entrance , you 'll pass fields full of Santorini 's famed tomatoes growing on the steep slopes .
The technology used to capture and evaluate information in response to the RFP permits LSC to compile and assess key information about the delivery system at the program , state , regional , and national level .
The fine weave and pattern are typical of a Scottish weaver 's attention to detail .
well UNLV they say UNLV may be the greatest amateur team ever
But although the 60 Minutes producer is played by the star -LRB- Pacino grandstands , but not to the point of distraction -RRB- , Bergman 's story does n't have the same primal force .
A proserous tourist district , it is full of shopping centers and department stores , along with a number of good restaurants .
The standard technology assumptions of scenario A were used by EIA in the development of the AEO2001 reference case projections .
um-hum they have socialized socialized health care
hey it 's reaching all over
It was utterly mad .
Anwar el-Sadat succeeded Nasser in 1970 .
oh really yeah i 've i 've never seen either one of them
well that 's uh i agree with you there i mean he did n't have the surrounding cast that Montana had there 's no doubt about that
News ' cover says the proliferation of small computer devices and the ascendance of Web-based applications are eroding Microsoft 's dominance .
you know and he he was talking about that he was talking about nobody went broke over paying thirty percent
To the northwest of the chateau , the Grand Trianon palace , surrounded by pleasantly unpompous gardens , was the home of Louis XIV 's mistress , Madame de Maintenon , where the aging king increasingly took refuge .
However , the associated cost is primarily some of the costs of assessing and collecting duties on imported merchandise , such as the salaries of import specialists -LRB- who classify merchandise -RRB- and the costs of processing paperwork .
To control land and sea routes to the south , the Mauryas still needed to conquer the eastern kingdom of Kalinga -LRB- modern Orissa -RRB- .
oh sure sure right um-hum right
well the floor was uneven you know
oh yes yeah yeah yeah that 's true too that 's true
The man looked at the girl .
As black as it is , Heathers has the same theme as the Ringwald/Cusack movies .
Never trust a Sather , Bork said softly .
A lot of people rely on their local government for protection .
13 Executive Effectively Implementing the Government Performance and Results Act -LRB- GAO/GGD -96 -118 , June 1996 -RRB- .
I have a situation .
A more unusual dish is azure , a kind of sweet porridge made with cereals , nuts , and fruit sprinkled with rosewater .
Well , we 've just got to get down to it , that 's all .
He knew how the Simulacra was supposed to develop .
I 'm confused .
Extensive documentation of the IPM is available at / / www.epa.gov/airmarkets/epa-ipm/index.html .
yeah uh yeah absolutely and the credit union has nine percent interest so yeah so that 's
Still , I guess that can be got over .
Several pro-life Dems are mounting serious campaigns at the state level , often against pro-choice Republicans .
a good team but they 're an underdog that 's why i like them is the Philadelphia Eagles
um i know that i had heard that uh McDonald 's has gotten so much flack about sending their hot foods out in the Styrofoam that they are going to work on something
France knew a good thing when she seized one , but then so did Britain .
His fantastic body could heal itself against whatever they did to him , and his mind refused to accept the torture supinely .
The flame or whatever it was had enough heat , but it was hard to control .
yeah they 're still laying off like over in Fort Worth and a lot of other companies too just here and there
Case Study Evaluations .
Another unit was added on to the communal dwelling each time a marriage created a new family .
i spent a number of years in the service as an intelligence analyst
just look what we did to Iraq
However , crashing real estate prices had a domino effect on the rest of the economy , and in the early 1990s Japan slipped quickly into stagnation and then recession .
The majority of the agencies that responded appreciated GAO 's initiative to develop the protocols and said that they were comprehensive and provided a framework for meaningful communication .
The important thing is to realize that it 's way past time to move it .
IQ boosting was achieved through a fetal replacement process where the embryos from two carefully selected mothers were to be switched from one to another .
To get a wonderful view of the whole stretch of river , and to stretch your legs in a beautiful parklike setting , climb up to the Ceteau de Marqueyssac and its jardins suspendus -LRB- hanging gardens -RRB- .
They look just as good as new . '' They cut them carefully and ripped away the oilskin .
No , do n't answer .
do you do you put it in the refrigerator then or you
-LRB- It may resemble Dungeons & amp
I think as soon as they get you , they 'll come for me .
yeah what do you do
Meanwhile , a site established for the WorldAid '96 Global Expo and Conference on Emergency Relief , which took place last fall , gives you a firsthand glimpse of the frequently crass world of the relief business -LRB- note the long list of commercial exhibitors in attendance -RRB- .
4 -RRB- Clinton 's job rating fell from 60 to 55 points in a Washington Post poll , apparently because pollees disapproved of his use of the White House for fund raising .
Arafat is also ailing and has no clear successor .
you know they they like what they 're doing they you know they feel good about what they 're doing that type of thing it 's more
yes yeah yeah well it it that 's right and it
uh well no i just know i know several single mothers who absolutely ca n't afford it they have to go with the a single uh what i mean a babysitter more more or less
he was he 's of course uh i guess he 's trained in this uh martial arts of some sort but the plot was bland the acting was bland It was just mostly centered upon his abilities to
Four or five from the town rode past , routed by their diminished numbers and the fury of the Kal and Thorn .
Marilyn Manson is darker , more serious , and more vicious than Alice Cooper was .
Very often the emperor was only a minor , so that the Fujiwara patriarch acted as regent .
but uh i 've always enjoyed uh the train and you know fooling with it and all
it 'll be a nice little bit of money we 're going to
but i think a lot of kids it 's funny get the same kind of fears like there 's somebody under the bed
Because GAO 's primary function is to support the Congress in carrying out its decision-making and oversight responsibilities , the number of times our experts testify before congressional panels each year is an indicator of our responsiveness and reflects the impact , importance , and value of our work .
After shuttering the DOE , Clinton could depict himself as a crusader against waste and bureaucracy who succeeded where even Reagan failed .
In order to ensure these Americans are not left out of the justice system , a strong federal role in supporting legal services is vital .
He saw Stark buried under the earth , screaming for a mercy or death that would never come and crawling out of the rock decades later .
yeah yeah i think well i know it 's true you see a lot of that you know rally behind the female she may lose but by golly we 're going to make a statement here
We next present the test of our hypothesis by comparing the predicted percentages for each of the seven posts with the actual percentages .
Supreme Court agreed Monday to hear a Washington case challenging the widespread practice of pooling client money held by lawyers and using the interest to pay for legal services for the poor .
I guess history repeats itself , Jane .
it was really easy i mean just just did a thumb print you know
they they are good
He was standing in front of a grey backdrop - somewhere that could be anywhere .
5 are highly correlated during summer months in some areas .
As Malaysia has moved resolutely into the modern age , it has also remained , culturally and historically , a rich , multi-layered blend of traditions wrapped up within a modern , busy economy .
For example , a case study of the effectiveness of a job training program might need to take into account general economic trends , such as unemployment rates in the community .
Our work has also shown that agencies can do a better job of providing incentives to encourage employees to improve performance and achieve results .
i quit i quit drinking at oh a long time ago quit drinking i did n't smoke i do n't smoke i gave everything up so i guess i do n't know what just old age i guess is why i
I found Steven E. Landsburg 's piece Pay Scales in Black and White extremely unconvincing .
I awoke looking up at stone lit by fire .
All of our many earnest experiments produced results in line with random chance , they conclude .
I take it Americans have a higher opinion of morality than you have even .
First , injected cannabinoids may not mirror the effects of smoked marijuana .
8 million in relief in the form of emergency housing .
uh-huh oh yeah all the people for right uh life or something
6 cents are used for domestic investment .
Now sink of sorrow I who live -- the more the wrong!Who wishing death , whom death denies , whose thread is all too long ; Who tied to wretched life , who looks for no relief , Must spend my ever dying days in never ending grief .
Piccadilly Tube station .
that 's really true a lot of it is um the color certain colors seem to be more acceptable
NHTSA noted that the only other possible interpretation of section 330 was to treat the phrase standards promulgated ... prior to the enactment of this section as
you know Arnold Schwarzenegger is getting to be uh a bit of a variety actor you know at first he was just a big muscle man but he 's kind of branching out
This one ended up being surprisingly easy !
It vibrated under his hand .
The Romans never really infiltrated Ibiza , and even after the defeat of Hannibal in 202 b.c. during the Second Punic War their influence was restrained .
This whole unsavory episode brings back memories of skits with Monty Python ! One of my favorite lines was , You are guilty of six -- no , seven -- charges of heresy .
In the short term , U.S. consumers will benefit from cheap imports -LRB- as will U.S. multinationals that use parts made in East Asian factories -RRB- .
but like they always say you know got a good profit sharing plan just no profit
I noticed that there was a long branch running out from the tree in the right direction .
Growth & amp
Nonetheless , the rationality of service tiers remains .
no not it not no it 's a it 's not something
The Journal put the point succinctly to Is any publicity good publicity ?
uh i really i miss college i had a good time
In fact , the Flamingo would launch over two decades of strong mob presence in Las Vegas .
However , assuming the procedural requirements of Chapter 36 are met , changes negotiated by the Postal Service and a mail user for their mutual benefit may merit recommendation under the applicable statutory standards .
Several of the organizations had professional and administrative staffs that provided analytical capabilities and facilitated their members ' participation in the organization 's activities .
In particular , the model provides a useful framework for assessing the long-term implications of alternative budget policies through their effect on national saving .
For centuries , the Loire river was a vital highway between the Atlantic and the heart of France .
A man like me can not fail ... .
Do not talk .
Keep young skins safe by covering them with sunblock or a T-shirt , even when in the water .
One opportunist who stayed was Octavius Decatur Gass .
The regime 's response of ferocious repression plus numerous other ineptitudes led to a third revolution in 1848 , with the Bonapartists , led by Napoleon 's nephew , emerging triumphant .
The Black River , at 71 km -LRB- 44 miles -RRB- , is the longest in Jamaica ; it was an arterial route used to transport rum and lumber from the inland plantations .
Well , we will come in and interview the brave Dorcas . '' Dorcas was standing in the boudoir , her hands folded in front of her , and her grey hair rose in stiff waves under her white cap .
okay i guess i 'll get back to my laundry
The baker was not jolly .
We start with the fine review of a shockingly funny comedy about eye disease .
I now submit this report to you and the other designated officials .
The Government does not sacrifice anything of value in exchange and the entity that forfeits the property does not receive anything of value .
The museum is well laid out and the perfect size for relaxing away a couple of hours on a wet day .
Big Game Fishing and Boat Trips .
Hence , it appears likely that the proportion of LC to AO mail is less for inbound mail than for outbound .
The national award was created to recognize an attorney in practice for less than 10 years for excellence in public interest or pro bono activities .
a 808 -LRB- 2 -RRB- only applies if the agency finds with good cause that notice and public procedure thereon are impracticable , unnecessary , or contrary to the public interest .
uh it 's in Georgia it 's yeah it 's right outside of Macon and and it 's just a i like the way that i like the way that idea of the south is
Many restaurants and bars have live music .
The analyses comply with the informational requirements of the sections including the classes of small entities subject to the rule and alternatives considered to reduce the burden on the small entities .
Do n't take it to heart , lad , he said kindly .
um yeah we 've tried to do that we 've paid ours off you know all the way down to where we had everything down to zero and especially right before i i quit work two years ago to stay home with the kids
yeah but uh do you have small kids
Smart men make good thieves , as long as they 're desperate .
3 -RRB- Dare you rise to the occasion , like Raskolnikov , and reject the petty rules that govern lesser men ?
Accusations of corruption among officials in Rao 's administration in 1995 also paved the way for a comeback .
This is the island 's main city and financial , governmental , and administrative centre , and its charms match those of other Mediterranean jewels .
It may be that the best way to read this text in the years ahead will not be with a magnifying glass , but through the looking glass -- as a prism to discern what the political culture that produced Nixon shares with our own .
He was crying like his mother had just walloped him .
The Wall Street Journal Business Bulletin has a fact that dramatizes how profoundly well-off this country is -- Americans throw out approximately 12 percent of the stuff they buy at the supermarket .
I 've thought it well over ''
A member of the only student-run chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union in New York state , Zelon worked to resolve disputes between students and police officers to help protect the public 's right to peaceful protest .
Strange as it may seem to the typical household , capital gains on its existing assets do not contribute to saving as measured in NIPA .
right well there 's yeah there there 's going to be some measure of incentive uh reward or whatever but the reward ultimately ultimately comes down to what you want
yeah maybe the maybe they 'll bring their good schools with them you know if the industry comes
He married Dona Filipa Moniz -LRB- Perestrelo -RRB- , the daughter of Porto Santo 's first governor , and lived on the island for a period , fathering a son there .
and not only is it you know trouble to have to drive but it takes time away from your home and your family when you 're out driving
Rehnquist 's conferences are no-nonsense .
um-hum with the ice yeah
It incorporates a risk assessment methodology intended to reduce audit planning time and ensure that significant issues are included .
Some of the salesladies at this colorful , soft-sell market wear traditional Martinique costumes .
uh yeah they were uh they were very good i was impressed
He was a pilot , not a platoon leader .
Second , reducing the rate of HIV transmission is in any event not the only social goal worth If it were , we 'd outlaw sex entirely .
The disputes among nobles were not the first concern of ordinary French citizens .
If you have any questions about this report , please contact Henry R. Wray , Senior Associate General Counsel , at -LRB-202-RRB-512-8581 .
He walked out into the street and I followed .
This northern beach of magnificent tan sand is most agreeably reached by boat .
The church has an even more elaborate Baroque pulpit .
You have to have good peripheral vision and you have to really concentrate .
The category of qualifying teen-agers and women could include all recipients of welfare or other public assistance -LRB- including daughters of recipients -RRB- who are competent to give informed consent to the implant procedure .
and see the thing is you know he go out and he 'll spend it when he wants you know and uh uh i 'm afraid to i 'm afraid to use that credit card
General Accounting Office , A Model of Strategic Human Capital Management , GAO-02-373SP -LRB- Washington , D.C. : Mar. .
Many Greeks in Asia Minor were forced to leave their homes and brought an influence of eastern cadences with them .
All-inclusive units are in villas and a great house in tropical setting overlooking Caribbean .
Despite their 17th-century origins , these gardens avoid the rigid geometry of the Tuileries and Ver?sailles .
The Chinese calendar was used to calculate the year of Japan 's foundation by counting back the 1,260 years of the Chinese cosmological cycle .
Asked about abortion the other day on CNN , Republican National Committee Chairman Jim Nicholson also invoked what is apparently the party-line inclusive party .
Lincoln glared .
We 'll be the first to admit we make mistakes , but most of those are bureaucratic .
Regulation M is adopted under the Securities Act , 15 U.S.C.
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY
Did Meriwether Lewis really commit suicide , as historians claim ?
Thus , recent evidence suggests that by not including an estimate of reductions in short-term mortality due to changes in ambient ozone , both the Base and Alternative Estimates may underestimate the benefits of implementation of the Clear Skies Act .
As the double-decker boats get ready to leave the pier , bells ring , the gangplank is raised , deckhands in blue sailor suits man the hawsers , and a couple of hundred commuters begin a seven-minute sightseeing tour .
The following are examples of how agencies engaged employee unions .
He was standing in front of a grey backdrop - somewhere that could be anywhere .
Information is the resource-extractive industry of the next century , and the concept of intellectual property -- a term that dates back 150 years -- comes up when individuals or companies assert a particular claim and embody it in the form of copyrights , trademarks , and patents .
In a six-year study , scientists fed dogs and other animals irradiated chicken and found no evidence of increased cancer or other toxic effects .
What a brilliantly innocuous metaphor , devised by a master manipulator to obscure his manipulations .
oh yeah all all mine are uh purebreds so i keep them in
the winged Victory of Samothrace and the beautifully proportioned Venus de Milo .
and you back in you know and or just pull into your spot and uh some you can rent by the year some you can rent daily or nightly or by the week or whatever
Small boats tie up here with batches of crayfish , fresh fish , and eel , and housewives clamor for the fishermen to weigh their choices on rudimentary scales .
Most of France went enthusiastically into World War I , and came out of it victorious yet bled white .
well i hear my kids are needing me again so i 'll go see what they need and we 'll maybe talk to you again
Concentration of greenhouse gases , especially CO2 , have increased substantially since the beginning of the industrial revolution .
which they probably Mexican people do n't even know what a taco salad is but i think it 's now it 's moving up too because uh just a change you know just something different
No , John , I said , `` it is n't one of us .
On my honour , I will hang him as high as Haman ! ''
but we 're taking our time we 're going uh try to make our decision by July
The first , reached from Luxor , is Esna , 54 km -LRB- 33 miles -RRB- by road .
I regretfully acknowledge that it may even make practical sense to have a few hired guns like Norquist , Downey , and Weber around -- people of value only for their connections to power , not for any knowledge or talent .
The almost midtown Massabielle quarter -LRB- faubourg de Massabielle -RRB- , is sometimes described as the most picturesque in the city .
Sir James 's presence in Manchester was not accidental .
Indeed , 58 percent of Columbia/HCA 's beds lie empty , compared with 35 percent of nonprofit beds .
` For one thing , Mr. Franklin , you appear to be taking your...re-actualisation ... extremely well . '
uh was n't that Jane Eyre no he wrote Jane Eyre too
Bill Clinton has developed a rhetoric and a series of positions that span this divide .
The CEO and CFO 's vision was to make Pfizer the preeminent corporate finance organization in the industry .
Ah , ma foi , no ! replied Poirot frankly .
Although , in this case the equipment did not have to be erected adjacent to an operating boiler , the erection included demolishing and erecting a complete boiler island and demolishing the existing electrostatic precipitator .
Founded by Alexander the Great on the Mediterranean coast in 322 b.c. , Alexandria was capital of Egypt during the Ptolemaic era .
Agency officials stated that copies of both the initial and the final analysis were submitted to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the Small Business Administration as required by section 605 -LRB- b -RRB- .
Most traditional reform options involve workers paying more for promised benefits or getting lower benefits .
Why , when I was your age , I already had ... '' Dave was n't listening any longer .
well that 's right because uh one day it 'll be eighty and the next day it 'll be about thirty below i tell you what and uh
i 'm not opposed to it but when its when the time is right it will probably just kind of happen you know
The great breathtaking Italian adventure remains the road .
H-2A agricultural workers are required to maintain a foreign residence which they have no intention of abandoning .
And the door into Mr. Inglethorp 's room ?
Apartment...twenty-one B , apparently .
Economic growth also depends on education to enhance the knowledge and skills of the nation 's work
Hall said that Britain has enjoyed a half-century of pre-eminence in this field of endeavor and that this could now be destroyed .
i am surprised though that we do have so many that are in politics down here
The other is retrospective and intended to help those who review case study reports to assess the quality of completed case studies .
Venice and its Repubblica Serena rebounded to turn to the mainland , extending its Veneto territory from Padua across the Po valley as far as Bergamo .
well they 're so close to an undefeated undefeated season they can taste it and they wan na make history so i do n't think they 're gon na lack for motivation
It 's an interesting account of the violent history of modern Israel , and ends in the Scafeld Room where nine Jews were executed .
But anyway , never underestimate the power of hypocrisy .
She did not reply .
Under the overmechanical assumptions of affirmative-action opponents themselves -LRB- and putting aside the racial IQ theories of Murray and some others -RRB- , blacks would move up the list , and whites would move down .
The activities included in the Unified Agenda are , in general , those expected to have a regulatory action within the next 12 months , although agencies may include activities with an even longer time frame .
As it is now , Web companies not only have the ability to provide diabolically precise demographic targeting to political campaigns , they can also make such offers exclusively .
Then he gave in .
have you read Tom Clancy
For example , Bruce Barton 's The Man Nobody Knows , a best seller in 1925-26 , portrays Jesus as the ultimate businessman .
The Implementation of National and European Legislation Concerning Air Emissions from Large Combustion Plants in Germany
The party 's broad aims were to support capitalist policies and to continue close ties with Britain and the rest of the Commonwealth .
Look here , you 've been asking me a lot of questions .
To their good fortune , he 's proving them right .
`` You 're not going to marry him , do you hear ? '' he said dictatorially .
and uh you know once you start up at the top and try to get those dollars on down to the hands that need them you know there 's a lot of places the money stops and disappears along the way
The final rule was determined to be an economically significant regulatory action by the Office of Management and Budget and was approved by OMB as complying with the requirements of the Order on March 26 , 1998 .
we were lucky in that in one respect in that after she had her stroke she was n't really you know really much aware of what was going on
Angry consumers would complain about cheapo car care .
Who ? asked Tommy .
away from the children
All-inclusive packages and large resort hotels offer restaurants , sporting activities , entertainment , wide-screen sports channels in the bars , shopping , and a guaranteed suntan .
uh we 've gotten a little Atari computer uh husband describes it as a a computer with training wheels
All the Eilat activities can be booked through Red Sea Sports -LRB- see Scuba Diving , below -RRB- .
He sat for a moment in silence .
It has a full program of events , including lectures .
Release 2.0 : A Design for Living in the Digital Age , by Esther Dyson -LRB- Broadway Books -RRB- .
But , Slate protests , it was -LSB- Gates ' -RSB- byline that appeared on the cover .
Bork shuddered .
4 -RRB- Not enough is known about how nontransportation costs vary with distance .
more of a football powerhouse up there i guess
yeah well that 's my uh i mean every time i 've tried to go you know it 's always there 's there 's always a league bowling
At the west end is a detailed model of the whole temple complex .
Many are based on industry-recognized models such as the Constructive Cost Model -LRB- COCOMO -RRB- , PRICE , Putnam , and Jensen .
yeah uh-huh oh yeah petting zoos and things
A 1994 Roper Poll concluded that the NewsHour is perceived by the public as the most credible newscast in the country .
Hatch : Muslims treat Moses as a great prophet .
Participation in the rulemaking process requires -LRB- 1 -RRB- the public to be aware of opportunities to participate and -LRB- 2 -RRB- systems that will allow agencies to receive comments in an efficient and effective manner .
It must also report the information to the employee 's home agency promptly to facilitate disbursement of pay by the home agency .
Time reports that Harrer denies having known she was . -RRB-
Professor Rogers began her career by clerking for The Honorable Thomas D. Lambros of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio .
The following are examples of how teams were used in the agency initiatives we reviewed .
Dinosaurs poked around the remains ; twitchy little scavengers , fighting over scraps .
The Sikhs reacted violently to persecution , and the Marathas spread to Orissa , after which , in the year 1739 , Nadir Shah of Persia invaded and carried off the Peacock Throne -LRB- broken up after his assassination -RRB- .
Snap Judgment
We 've been a couple of mutts , who 've bitten off a bigger bit than they can chew .
See you Aug. 12 , or soon thereafter , we hope .
so it 's sociology
So is the salt , drying in the huge , square pans at Las Salinas in the south .
Saint-Paul-de-Vence
Today it is possible to buy cheap papyrus printed with gaudy Egyptian scenes in almost every souvenir shop in the country , but some of the most authentic are sold at The Pharaonic Village in Cairo where the papyrus is grown , processed , and hand-painted on site .
Gore has been Clinton 's lackey for more than six years .
Decline and Decadence
but how do you know the good from the bad
Unless the mention of the Ritz was an accidental remark ? ''
Market Street is home to the Edinburgh CityArt Gallery , showcasing the work of up-and-coming artists .
Instead , the task of defending Bradley fell to Erving , who shrugged that it 's probably a debatable issue , but knowing Sen.
Other attractions include hot springs , a market , and the forests and ski-slopes of nearby Uluda .
Very little indeed , answered Tuppence , and was pleased to note that Whittington 's uneasiness was augmented instead of allayed .
If the difference between these two prices is large enough , the mailer could hire a trucking firm , as discussed above .
Or anything else you wanted and could n't keep against magic .
Something broke inside her , something in her head .
um well i hate to yes i do
` And I do n't want to risk a fire fight with what appear to be horribly equal numbers . '
yeah i know the motor oil
Number of testimonies
Thorn held a sword different from any Ca ` daan had ever seen .
There was food for all , and houses had been conjured hastily to shelter the people .
Shall I tell you what it would be like for your soul to live in the muck of a swamp in a mandrake root ? Dave shook his head .
Just look at the entertainment industry 's self-image instead .
Good sir , Jon began .
i do n't even know how they figure it really i 'm glad i do n't work in a store
The Shore Temple , which has withstood the wind and the waves for 12 centuries , is made up of two shrines .
The Congress , which controls our funding levels , began to include many members who did not support the purpose and goals of a federal civil legal services program .
yeah it 's just a matter of education i think
aChange in personal saving depends on how much of the $ 4,000 IRA contribution represents new saving .
Ceter of the national aerosece industry , with a vigorous local culture and bright and breezy street life , this university city has an infectious enthusiasm to it .
Calcutta seems to be the only other production center having any pretensions to artistic creativity at all , but ironically you 're actually more likely to see the works of Satyajit Ray or Mrinal Sen shown in Europe or North America than in India itself .
where they they brew their own beer there
and the nurses are n't no see you have to pay that
The Mosque of El-Jezzar , built in 1781 , dominates the landside of the old city -LRB- the other three sides jut into the Mediterranean -RRB- .
Divers can explore the deeps but you can also snorkel here , or take a glass-bottom boat or submarine tour to get a glimpse of this watery world .
She buried his remains to spare her mother the gruesome sight .
someone else noticed it and i said well i guess that 's true and it was somewhat melodio us in other words it was n't just you know it was really funny
Mr. Erlenborn attended undergraduate courses at the University of Notre Dame , Indiana University , the University of Illinois , and Loyala University of Chicago .
Are you sure ?
News ' cover says the proliferation of small computer devices and the ascendance of Web-based applications are eroding Microsoft 's dominance .
Another thing those early French and Dutch settlers agreed upon was that their island should be free of levies on any imported goods .
Enthusiasm for Disney 's Broadway production of The Lion King dwindles .
The sunlight , piercing through the branches , turned the auburn of her hair to quivering gold .
Even though the scratch was tiny , it broke his heart and haunted him for two weeks .
After their savage battles , the warriors recuperated through meditation in the peace of a Zen monastery rock garden .
Participants suggested the need for a new reporting model for auditing , a renewed focus on the quality of auditing , and building more effective working relationships with the audit committee .
are you and since being Argentinean we also have a lot of pasta
Any point you failed to win by rigging the questions and categories can be cleaned up in the executive summary -LRB- the pollster 's spin -RRB- and the press release and news conference -LRB- the client 's spin on the pollster 's spin -RRB- .
so we 're expecting our local economy to
1 Now that each unit is fully staffed , the LSC Office of Program Performance and its state planning team contain over 260 years of experience in LSC-funded programs .
Tuppence rose .
Oh yeah ? San Barenakedino ? How 's he ? Clarisse and Onardo both asked .
You 'll even be able to consult a traditional herbalist to cure your ailments .
A succession of discoveries has taught us about archeabacteria , very ancient and primitive single-cell organisms that live in the places you 'd least expect anything to call home .
From 1998 through 2000 , the federal government achieved surpluses , shifting from being a drain on net national saving to become a contributor to it .
Through a friend who knows the lift boy here .
Pick up a map from the tourist office here and ask about walking tours .
Blair has just published a volume of speeches and articles titled New Britain : My
' I see . '
According to Jane Langmuir , director of the project , water and heat come together and create a totally new appliance .
SSA will consider the comments received by April 14 , 1997 , and will issue revised regulations if necessary .
Most of France went enthusiastically into World War I , and came out of it victorious yet bled white .
Sultan Abdul Hamid II -LRB- 1876 1909 -RRB- tried to apply absolute rule to an empire staggering under a crushing foreign debt , with a fragmented population of hostile people , and succeeded only in creating ill will and dissatisfaction amongst the younger generation of educated Turks .
The Throne Room is one of a series of apartments built during the reign of Charles II , though it was originally designed as a guard room that screened entrants to the private chambers beyond .
One of these walls , the Western Wall , is today a major reminder of Jerusalem 's greatness under Herod .
If a trace of tropical lethargy still adds to the charm in this city of sidewalk cafe , palm trees , and pedicabs , any torpor definitely ends once inside the doors of Macau 's casinos , scene of some of the liveliest gambling west of Las Vegas .
The results of the sheepshead minnow , Cyprinodon variegatus , inland silverside , Menidia beryllina , or mysid , Mysidopsis bahia , tests are acceptable if survival in the controls is 80 percent or greater .
If not the most beautiful , the chateau is certainly the most formidable in the Loire Valley , a real defensive fortress , its black ramparts still forbidding despite having had their towers decapitated on the orders of Henri III .
But when he was persuaded by divers means to help us , he gave up after one week , declaring it beyond his powers .
Under the leadership of Henry the Navigator , caravels set out from the westernmost point of the Algarve , in southern Portugal , in search of foreign lands , fame , and wealth .
Since the mid 1990s , aggregate household wealth has swelled relative to disposable personal income , largely due to increases in the market value of households ' existing assets -LRB- see figure 1.2 -RRB- .
On a spur-road just a little north of the sleepy village of Anse-Bertrand is the Anse Laborde , a public beach of tan sand with gorgeous turquoise waters and good snorkeling off rocky promontories .
Designed by George Meikle Kemp , an unknown draftsman of humble birth , the monument took its inspiration from the design of MelroseAbbey .
You 've got the keys still , have n't you , Poirot ? I asked , as we reached the door of the locked room .
The street ends at Taksim Square -LRB- Taksim Meydane -RRB- , the heart of modern Istanbul , lined with luxurious five-star hotels and the glass-fronted Ataturk Cultural Centre -LRB- Ataturk Keleter Sarayy -RRB- , also called the Opera House .
Look for these items in the picturesque open-air market of Sa Penya -LRB- Ibiza Town -RRB- or for a wider selection at the bustling , covered central market in the newer part of town -LRB- carrer d'Extremadura -RRB- .
Numbers began wafting about on the I 'd say at least five
The more popular offerings include kuru fasulye -LRB- haricot beans in tomato sauce -RRB- , patlecan kizartmas -LRB- aubergine fried in olive oil and garlic -RRB- , and a range of salads .
oh constantly
`` If you people only knew how fatally easy it is to poison some one by mistake , you would n't joke about it .
The large scale production of entertainment films is a phenomenon well worth seeing several times .
well what is it
Some travelers add Molokai and Lanai to their itineraries .
in each square
-LRB- Read Slate 's on how Bush flaunts the courage of his cliches .
so who so if you go out and you 're talking like a ten or fifteen thousand dollar vehicle and you add that sales tax on that 's a that 's a big chunk of change you have to come up with
Text Box 2.1 : Gross Domestic Product and Gross National Product 48Text Box 4.1 : How do the NIPA and federal unified budget concepts of
Emeralds ?
They make a pretty pair working together .
but i think that 's probably a good idea
The chart to which Reich refers was actually presented during Saxton 's opening statement , hours before Reich testified , and did not look as Reich claims it did .
As Ben Yagoda writes in the New York Times Book Review , somewhere along the way , Kidder must have decided not to write a book about Tommy O'Connor .
What 's needed , alongside an evacuation plan , is a realistic program to stabilize conditions for those left behind .
probably yeah i would imagine the judge could throw it out
Among the disadvantages are that the degree of innovation and product differentiation might continue to be limited .
Outside , set in manicured gardens , are the remains of the Abbey of Holyrood .
True devotees talk shop at even more specialized groups , such as one on Northeastern weather -LRB- ne.weather -RRB- , whose recent conversation topics included the great blizzard of 1978 and the freak snowstorm of May 1977 .
Most menu prices include taxes and a service charge , but it 's customary to leave a tip if you were served satisfactorily .
Then it occurred to me that the criminal standard was a low one .
He sat a short distance from them , his eyes on Jon .
I 've got it down in my notes if you want to see them . '' She extended the woven cords .
yeah that 's the World League
Its facilities include a swimming pool and a peaceful garden .
Consistent with GAO 's Congressional Protocols , GAO will then offer the requester -LRB- s -RRB- a draft of the product that is with the agency for comment .
TIG funds support the Technology Evaluation Project , an initiative of the Legal Aid Society of Cincinnati .
Marriage is an important institution .
It recalls William Randolph Hearst 's castle in Caleornia , with its imaginative juxtaposition of ancient Roman and Chinese sculpture , fine Venetian glass chandeliers , Syvres porcelain , old Flemish masters , and naughty French erotica .
In this respect , bringing Steve Jobs back to save Apple is like bringing Gen.
Back to the subject of celebrity interviews , British magazines have published a huge number with actress Kate Winslet , the star of Titanic , to promote a new British film she has made .
When I was in school I really liked Virginia Woolf , Schwartz said of her nascent literary tastes .
yeah because i was saying to him i said i 'm not that heavy i 'm not heavy you know maybe ten to fifteen pounds like any other human being
The Star reports that actress Jodie Foster is pregnant through artificial insemination .
This is one of the reasons we 're growing too weak to fight the Satheri . `` What 's wrong with a ceremony of worship , if you must worship your eggshell ? '' Dave asked .
Hindus then went on the rampage through Sikh communities , resulting in a round of communal violence .
Well ? cried Tommy eagerly .
Technological advances generally come in waves that crest and eventually subside .
The importer pays duties that are required by law
Some 72,000 volcano-zone residents were evacuated at great cost to the French government .
Oh , my friend , have I not said to you all along that I have no proofs .
` You should do the fixing . '
couple of years ago i was thinking about moving to Massachusetts but uh boy i 'm glad i did n't
On the other side of the peninsula , off the tourist track in the peninsula 's heel , are the curiously romantic landscapes of Puglia , from its centuries-old trulli constructions to the medieval fortresses of the German emperors .
Each working group met several times to develop recommendations for changes to the legal services delivery system .
Lalley also is enthused about other bar efforts on behalf of the poor , most notably the Legal Assistance Center will operate out of the new courthouse .
Last year , they were spooked .
But it just might be because he 's afraid he 'll lose his No .
It is perfectly feasible to spend a fortnight in Eilat , exploring the Red Sea , lying on the beaches , journeying into the Negev Desert and never see a religious building or an archaeological site .
The FCC will publish a notice in the Federal Register when such approval is granted .
32 Under the RSA proposal , a worker between the ages of 25 and 60 with family earnings of at least $ 5,000 could contribute up to $ 1,000 annually through either an employer-sponsored saving plan or a tax-deferred individual account .
It is not a surprise , either , that Al Pacino chews the scenery in Devil 's Advocate . And the idea that if the devil showed up on Earth he 'd be running a New York corporate-law firm is also , to say the least , pre-chewed .
Madam Regent attended church and the mission schools -LRB- which you can still visit in Honolulu -RRB- and burned images of the old Hawaiian gods , while Kamehameha II entertained lavishly in the company of his wives .
yeah that 's probably a a little bit under what it is for this time of year i i think i have n't seen the weather the news the weather on the news in the evening lately but i think the average high would be it should be about seventy
I was pulled into the bar .
The living is not equal to the Ritz , he observed with a sigh .
oh yeah well i play softball a couple of times a year it 's they 're getting ready to start up the the season again
Up here , gazing out at strikingly lush mountains , you may find yourself higher than the clouds , which adds to the extraordinarily eerie atmosphere of the place .
eligible individuals and the rules that apply if a state does not substantially enforce the statutory requirements .
and they 're fairly close to the water are n't they i mean they 're right on the late
Two of them saw Thorn coming .
Lifetime Extension of SCR De-NOx Catalysts Using SCR-Tech 's High Efficiency Ultrasonic Regeneration Process
Despite protests by preservationists , there was little alternative .
But in 1799 doom was signaled for the cane monopoly with the appearance of the cheaper sugar beet .
Do n't miss the open-air market close by the wharves .
Vatican II gave rise to a less hierarchical and more outward-looking Catholicism and set the stage for once-unthinkable innovations like plainclothes nuns and the celebration of the Mass in English and other modern languages .
To accommodate these fluctuations and use resources evenly , it would seem reasonable to offer two tiers of rapid and deferred , with air transportation being used for the rapid product .
The museum is open from 9am to 1pm and 2 to 5pm Monday to Friday -LRB- with audio-visual shows in the afternoon -RRB- , and on Saturday mornings .
He said the Web site will help bridge the digital divide that keeps the poor from using the Internet as a resource .
that 's uh only way to do it
it ca n't last seven years but it can last five IBM says let 's throw it away Leading Edge will say we 'll buy it from you
yes i i always turn on the TV set and it seems like i catch that program in the last five minutes and
i think yeah and it 's a just a nice escape and you know it 's something to laugh at and enjoy
She has exchanged a hollow life for a heightened life , and has tried to comprehend all its turns , get its possibilities .
Said we was a-staying at the inn .
Click here for Finkelstein 's explanation of why this logic is expedient .
OMB has approved the information collection contained on the Form ADV and has
Recently I met a guy at a party over at San Barenakedino 's . '
Vishnu 's wife Lakshmi is goddess of good fortune .
okay what types of music do you like to listen to
Hardly catering to locals , Universal Citys Cityalk attempts to snag tourist dollars with its extensive collection of retail wonders , including magic shops , toy stores , sports shops , and a host of science fiction memorabilia .
so are can i just ask you are you Canadian
The policy succeeded , and I was fortunate to have had the opportunity to make that contribution to my people .
defiantly if you live in an apartment right
uh unemployment runs approximately six percent
These men had never seen rain before , Jon realized .
The chain wielder smiled at her .
Then he sobered .
Ickes apparently made calls to donors from his government office , but there is no evidence so far that anyone else solicited funds in a federal building .
Working for Philip Morris is n't like defending an indigent murderer in a death penalty appeal .
Base year data will be actual receipt and outlay data for the last completed fiscal year
Possibly three months . ''
Pearl Jam detractors still ca n't stand singer Eddie They say he 's unbearably self-important and limits the group 's appeal by refusing to sell out and make videos .
In April 1453 the Sultan 's armies massed outside the city walls , outnumbering the Byzantines ten to one .
To keep the colors fresh , he dabbed the carcass with blood from a pail , then grabbed his paintbrushes to capture those lurid reds on canvas .
Dinosaurs poked around the remains ; twitchy little scavengers , fighting over scraps .
Pro-choicers point out that these close-up images literally cut the fetus 's context -- the woman -- out of the picture .
` Best we could hope for . '
Acute Bronchitis Upper Respiratory Symptoms Lower Respiratory Symptoms Work Loss Days Minor Restricted Activity Days -LRB- minus asthma attacks -RRB-
How did this man know ?
Normally , these discussions are kept secret .
Participate in the postaward audit for assessing thedegree of success of the acquisition .
and the NIT semifinals are on tonight
So far , however , the number of mail pieces lost to alternative bill-paying methods is too small to have any material impact on First-Class volume .
Evaluating the intent of the six principles , we observed that they naturally fell into three distinct sets , which we refer to as critical success factors .
Now sink of sorrow I who live -- the more the wrong!Who wishing death , whom death denies , whose thread is all too long ; Who tied to wretched life , who looks for no relief , Must spend my ever dying days in never ending grief .
yeah uh-huh yeah it 's one of the things uh if you read in the newspapers and stuff he 's the critics really like it or they really do n't
He fled in his car when cops arrived and led them on a chase that ended in the massive crash .
A newly unified Christian Spain under the Catholic Monarchs , Ferdinand and Isabella , completed the Reconquest , defeating the only Moorish enclave left on the Iberian peninsula , Granada , in 1492 .
The pope , suggesting that Gen.
The pope , suggesting that Gen.
Yes , sir .
I put it to you that , wearing a suit of Mr. Inglethorp 's clothes , with a black beard trimmed to resemble his , you were there '' and signed the register in his name !
They did this to us .
It started with The Wild Bunch : We sexualized violence , we made it beautiful .
Castlerigg near Keswick is the best example .
The tomb guardian will unlock the gate to the tunnel and give you a candle to explore the small circular catacomb , but for what little you can see , it is hardly worth the effort .
If Washington Square is underripe , U-Turn and Devil 's Advocate are rotting .
Then as he caught the other 's sidelong glance , `` No , the chauffeur wo n't help you any .
Figure 1 : Delivery Points to Stops
Inflation is supposed to be a deadly poison , not a useful medicine .
Princes Street is to Scots what Oxford Street is to the English the premier shopping street of the land .
When Jesus was born in about 4 b.c. , Joseph and Mary escaped Herod 's paranoia by fleeing into Egypt with the new-born infant .
actually i listened to one time i remember it 's this is back when rap even uh i would say about ten or fifteen years ago i
um-hum you mean when the reporter sticks the the microphone in the person says the face and says how do you feel that you house has burned to the ground
In the meantime , the philosophy is to seize present-day opportunities in the thriving economy .
yeah most mine generally stay in the windows they 're they ` re
He caught his breath .
In fact , it 's wise to drive as little as possible inside Paris ; the p ?? riph ?? rique ringroad runs around the city and it 's worth staying on it until you 're as close as possible to your destination .
Do you think I should be concerned ?
and it just depends on how bad that person is
He walked out into the street and I followed .
Strategic human capital management must be at the center of this transformation effort .
The advent of the Bronze Age -LRB- about 3200 b.c. -RRB- , and the spread of city-states ruled by kings , is marked by the appearance of royal tombs containing bronze objects in such places as Troy in the west , and Alacah ?? y ?? k near Ankara .
we only have to get up for you know for the daytime feedings
Act Accounting the Great Management Reform Act
The Saving Mystery , or Where Did the Money Go ?
in our town of five thousand we have one that is uh local FM AM station and their news is fed from CNN too uh it 's more of uh
Sure , the man yells back , you 're in a hot air balloon about 30 feet above this field .
The Balanced Scorecard Institute is a web clearinghouse for managers to exchange information , ideas , and lessons learned in building strategic management systems using the balanced scorecard approach .
excessively violent i was worried it 's like golly if kids start imitating that
But the third try worked better .
On the left of the entrance ramp is the open space once occupied by the Temple of Athena , close to which are the remains of the Pergamene library .
The importer pays duties that are required by law
There 's a lot of villas all the way along , but by degrees they seemed to get more and more thinned out , and in the end we got to one that seemed the last of the bunch .
I 'm confused .
If that investor were willing to pay extra for the security of limited downside , she could buy put options with a strike price of $ 98 , which would lock in her profit on the shares at $ 18 , less whatever the options cost .
I hope that all key parties will take the necessary steps to address any real and perceived problems that serve to undercut public trust and confidence .
Each room was outfitted with a leather sofa and three fold-out beds for students exhausted after a full day of hard work .
The Shore Temple , which has withstood the wind and the waves for 12 centuries , is made up of two shrines .
Deborah Pryce said Ohio Legal Services in Columbus will receive a $ 200,000 federal grant toward an online legal self-help center .
Unsurprisingly , golfing is prohibitively expensive .
The campaigns seem to reach a new pool of contributors .
Oh , what a fool I feel !
the only thing that they had a great abundance of was uh you know human beings
The spear missed Vrenna by only a hand-span .
Other advantages the Postal Service could retain relate to such things as the payment of taxes , the need for a return on investment , the right of eminent domain , and immunity from parking tickets .
The vineyards hug the gentle slopes between the Vosges and the Rhine Valley along a single narrow 120-km -LRB- 75-mile -RRB- strip that stretches from Marlenheim , just west of Strasbourg , down to Thann , outside Mulhouse .
Land of Lincoln helped Tasha Johnson of Marion get Social Security benefits to support her four children after the 29-year-old woman was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma , a type of cancer , she said .
` We ca n't find him , Benjamin , ' Lincoln/Natalia said .
well and i i noticed since we moved down here to Texas my husband is originally from Texas but uh i 'm not and that you do n't have to have uh such a wide variety of seasonal clothes that you do up north where you have to
well so okay you need to get married and have kids and then when they 're big enough you can have them go do the yard and you can do what you want to do
they take the football serious
um pardon me
uh-huh you ca n't do that in a skirt poor thing
In America , his colleagues are mostly defeated -LRB- Miss Mudd , his predecessor on his first job , has retired early in disgust -RRB- when they are n't sadistic .
I should think some one had taken charge of it . ''
From here , many HIV researchers are putting their hopes on combining drug treatments with strategies that boost the immune system .
Stale macho jokes and formulaic cliffhangers drive this chase-by-numbers thriller on the bumpy road to nowhere -LRB- Holden , the New York Times -RRB- .
yeah right right yeah i know i uh i remember my college days and having to do that too
We saw a whole new model develop - a holistic approach to lawyering , one-stop shopping , she said .
As the budgets , functions , and points of service of many government programs devolve to state and local government , private entities and nonprofit organizations , and other third parties , it may become harder for GAO to obtain the records it needs to complete audits and evaluations .
Jamaican music ska and , especially , reggae has since the 1970s been exported and enjoyed around the world .
You will find a number of Mary 's personal effects on display .
and uh you know it 's like they they consider that but it would be the same way here you know it 's like if if you had to do it you know you have a big sign i 'm sorry i do n't get paid you know
i think that 's great there 's a few places in Houston where they 're trying that out i do n't know if it 's the if they 've done it citywide yet or not where they have the color coded uh bags and uh bins
I never said you were a mandrake-man .
However , if people can readily withdraw money from tax-preferred accounts for purposes other than retirement , there is no assurance that tax incentives would ultimately enhance individuals ' retirement security .
8th circa b.c.Greeks colonize Sicily and other southern regions
Moreover , it is possible to have questions that require nested case studies .
In addition , special service areas are funded for two populations with special needs - Native Americans and migrant workers .
because like Tech is known to be a good engineering school and A and M maybe is known more for computers
The park was established in 1935 and was given Corbett 's name after India became independent .
Both professors soon realized that creating a new language was not an easy task .
This confluence of a bad tax , a $ 1 billion reserve , a botched opposition campaign , and voters willing to call a bluff resulted in the I-695 victory .
So he goes out and walks in the woods , little dreaming that Mrs. Inglethorp will open his desk , and discover the incriminating document .
Each state is different , and in some states , intra-state regions differ significantly as well .
Still Bork waited , staring upwards .
So they set about clearing the land for agriculture , setting fire to massive tracts of forest .
For an authentic feel of old Portugal , slip into the cool entrance hall of theimpressive Leal Senado -LRB- Loyal Senate building -RRB- , a fine example of colonial architecture .
Any subsequent alterations to the data can be readily detected .
they might be but not at not at the human factors level
The Kal whistled and Vrenna 's eyes sparkled when she saw Jon swing it .
That is , businesses commonly contract out any function that can be done by another firm at a lower cost .
120 `` You do not think I ought to go to the police ? ''
The last thing we want is any more attention or any more bounty hunters .
The technical how-tos for these three strategies will be summarized later in this paper .
All these sites will automatically lead into George Dubbawya 's Web site -LRB- www.georgewbush.com -RRB- .
As a result of these procedures , the Department estimates an annual net savings of $ 545 million .
i tell you what i would not i would not buy a car that had the seat belt where it was hooked under the door
This was the saturation and 125-piece walk sequence Enhanced Carrier Route mail volume in 1996 .
Well aware of the island 's burgeoning wealth and repository of supplies , the French pirate Bertrand de Montluc sailed into Funchal harbor with his 11-galleon armada and 1,300 men .
The Romans built roads and established towns , including the towns of Palmaria -LRB- Palma -RRB- and Pollentia -LRB- near present-day Alc ?? dia -RRB- .
This is arguably starting to distort the practice of science itself .
actually i think abortion 's going to take a turn where there 's not going to be as many because i think contraceptives are going to be more popular i mean i realize that they are popular now but i think
On Menorca , search for more elusive prehistoric sites , or take the cliff paths of the northwest or south coasts .
Why blame her because she had been true to her creed ?
Like the Japanese , Chinese , and Portuguese before them , many of the new peoples would stay on in Hawaii , adding to the ethnic and racial mix that has become a hallmark of the islands .
Under the overmechanical assumptions of affirmative-action opponents themselves -LRB- and putting aside the racial IQ theories of Murray and some others -RRB- , blacks would move up the list , and whites would move down .
The Ile Saint-Louis is an enchanted self-contained island of gracious living , long popular with the more affluent gentry and celebrities of Paris .
The end is near ! Then a shout went up , and Hanson jerked his eyes from the gears to focus on a group of rocs that were landing at the far end of the camp .
well we bought this with credit too well we found it with a clearance uh down in Memphis i guess and uh
If necessary to meeting the restrictions imposed in the preceding sentence , the Administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the basic Phase II allowance allocations for each unit subject to the requirements of section 414 .
oh you know i like what i 'm doing right now
And then I was off , the world exploding behind me .
See the idea ? '' 35 `` Then you think '' Tuppence paused to grasp the supposition fully `` that it WAS as Jane Finn that they wanted me to go to Paris ? '' Mr. Carter smiled more wearily than ever .
Vrenna looked it and smiled .
Oh , I I have n't quite worked that out .
uh-huh well maybe well i 've enjoyed talking to you okay bye-bye
The data would be presented as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the consolidated financial statements of the Federal Government but not in individual reports of its component units .
are uh very few and then the other people just plan it you know it 's like it 's like have you have have you ever seen the commercial like for Federal Express where the with uh the think tank
uh-huh and is it true i mean is it um
These rules implement section 106 of the Federal Crop Insurance Reform Act of 1994 .
At the time of publication , this document , along with other publications pertaining to information security , was available on NIST 's Computer Security Resource Clearinghouse internet page at / / csrc.nist.gov / publications.html .
We did not study the reasons for these deviations specifically , but they likely result from the context in which federal CIOs operate .
It might not stop them completely but it would slow them the first night .
The number of steps built down into the interior means that it is unsuitable for the infirm or those with heart problems .
A spark of annoyance lit Lincoln 's eyes ; the smallest hint of Natalia 's Russian fire .
there 's certain times of the year of course that uh that it probably would n't do very well because of the temperature and stuff but but uh the right time of year it works pretty good
I do n't know .
Although the accounting and reporting model needs to be updated , in my view , the current attest and assurance model is also out of date .
Local boy Gates wisely built his 45,000-square-foot castle in suburban Seattle .
However the Postal Service did provide as much detail as is collected a volume distribution by transportation mode and shape for sixty individual countries .
Some are reported as not having been wanted at all .
get something from from the Guess Who or
He 's chosen Meg Ryan .
Practice 16 : Be Alert to New Monitoring Tools and Techniques
The tents had been burned , but there was a new building where the main tent had been .
For example , the first number in Column -LRB- 10 -RRB- shows that in FY 1997 , the volume of mail sent by households to other households represented 6.6 percent of total First-Class volume .
` Why is n't a lookalike good enough for them ? '
This is Susan .
There is simply no historical precedent for a large empire calling it quits because it could not compete economically or technologically .
The gardens are among the greatest in Europe , and take in a view of the Sugar Loaf Mountain as part of their design .
Through the Web site , a total of 1,634 associates donated nearly $ 200,000 to Legal Aid in 2002 .
You 'll find galleries in all the major towns and in some of the smaller villages .
They keep romance and marriage apart '' Tommy flushed .
yeah uh-huh but we look at it sort of as an investment in the future too
i always wait for the movie i do n't have time to read the book
What 's more , there is no evidence of any competitive evaluation of Tripp before she was offered this job .
but i think let 's see the teams that were there last year were see somebody from California i do n't even know who won the pennant last year
Can you point me to housewares ?
Anyway , she was found dead this morning . ''
But we do n't rule out regulation in the future if industry fails to do a good job of policing itself .
There 's nothing like the trendy resort clothing available here , styled on the island by the designers of the Ad-Lib group .
Chennai , known until 1996 as Madras , is easy-going , pleasant , and remarkably uncrowded .
Big Game Fishing and Boat Trips .
Where is art ?
Along with each step , certain practices proved especially important to the success of their efforts .
yeah uh-huh oh yeah petting zoos and things
But I 'll take up my stand somewhere near , and when he comes out of the building I 'll drop a handkerchief or something , and off you go ! ''
Cabourg is the most stately of the old Channel resorts .
They have found a new object of their affection .
They just do n't like it as much as men do .
We did it with the aid of consultants and other equal justice stakeholders .
World demand increased with the growth of the motor-car and electrical industries , and sky-rocketed during World War I. By 1920 , Malaya was producing 53 percent of the world 's rubber , which had overtaken tin as its main source of income .
This usage points to yadda yadda yadda 's larger social It suggests that an ever-larger percentage of the content of everyday communication can be correctly anticipated -- probably owing in part to the sheer repetition of words and arguments in the various public media .
But there is a cycle of confirmation ; if prophecy indicates a thing will happen , it will happen -- though not always as expected .
Palestrina , by Hans Pfitzner , performed by the Royal Opera -LRB- Metropolitan Opera House , New York -RRB- .
oh wow no i just started about well five years ago i think
She , in turn , was worshipped by her subjects as a living god .
is n't it i can remember i 've only been here eight years but i can remember coming to work from i used to live in Wylie and i could see downtown Dallas
bGross national saving is held constant as a share of GDP at 18 .
The logic of analysis in case studies is the same
Fast forward to 1994 and beyond .
Sit down , will you ? '' Tuppence sat down on the chair facing him .
for one twelve dollar check
Where lies the real Japan ?
A chancy road winding up to the 475-metre -LRB- 1,560-foot -RRB- summit is likely to test the engine and suspension of your car , as well as your own persistence .
i agree with you but did you see the map they drew up on uh on how they were gon na divide up the districts
Also , considerable sums are spent by the Postal Service analyzing the costs associated with worksharing , and mailers/competitors incur considerable expense litigating their positions on worksharing before the Postal Rate Commission .
They managed to control much of the country for nearly a century before the Muslim leader Saladin -LRB- Salah-ad-Din -RRB- defeated them in 1187 .
If the collecting entity transfers the nonexchange revenue to the General Fund or another entity , the amount is accounted for as a custodial activity by the collecting entity .
and if it 's above six hundred you 're going to have to do it and i got one thirty one
So unlike people who are fortunate enough to be able to afford attorneys and can go to another lawyer , our clients are simply lost in the legal system if they can not get access to it from us .
On the slopes of the hill you will find Edinburgh Zoo , located just behind Corstorphine Hospital .
They are built on the site of David 's Tower , once the largest and most formidable structure in the castle .
First , get the basics right , that is , the blocking and tackling of financial reporting .
Fruit , vegetables , electronics , and a little bit of everything else is on sale here .
If they have overestimated how far the CPI is off , Boskin and his commission may institutionalize an underestimated CPI -- guaranteeing a yearly , stealth tax increase .
Britons , however , trumpet their poet laureate as worthy of the ranks of Blake , Keats , Hardy and Auden -LRB- the Times of London -RRB- .
I am glad she was n't , said Jon .
The central section of Tinos has little of interest , but make your way over the hills to the pretty village of Pyrgos , famed for its school of marble carving .
It 's thought he used the same architect who worked on the Taj Mahal .
The route passes in sight of two uninhabited Es Vedr ? , which hovers like an apparition on the horizon off to the west , and Espalmador , which is popular with yachtsmen for its white-sand beach .
yep because it 's when it 's self propelled it 's heavy yeah
Jon sat down on the ground cross legged .
Strange as it may seem to the typical household , capital gains on its existing assets do not contribute to saving as measured in NIPA .
Unless the mention of the Ritz was an accidental remark ? ''
Two natural rock formations are always pointed out on excursions .
Sales of goods and services in undercover operations .
To help ensure the success of GPRA , the CFO Council , which the CFO Act created to provide the leadership foundation necessary to effectively carry out the Chief Financial Officers ' responsibilities , established a GPRA Implementation Committee .
The much-previewed profile of Michael Huffington reveals that he is -- surprise , surprise -- gay .
ooh that does get high yeah i mean
You claimed to be a repairman for such devices . '' Hanson bent to study it again , using a diamond lens one of the warlocks handed him .
A more unusual dish is azure , a kind of sweet porridge made with cereals , nuts , and fruit sprinkled with rosewater .
That would be a tenfold increase in the Internet 's share .
uh-huh well it 's good that she does that i mean bring it to people 's attention
Your speeches are inflammatory .
From Cockpit Country to St. Ann 's Bay
These days , newspaper writers are no longer allowed the kind of license he took .
It must also report the information to the employee 's home agency promptly to facilitate disbursement of pay by the home agency .
and uh i know what nothing is when i moved out there
Since there is no airport on the island , all visitors must arrive at the port , Skala , where most of the hotels are located and all commercial activity is carried out .
I took to him at once .
HCFA published a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on March 28 , 1997 -LRB- 62 Fed .
NOx can be transported long distances and contribute to ozone many hundreds of miles from its source .
Cruises are available from the Bhansi Ghat , which is near the CityPalace .
Seemingly endemic corruption was compounded by a remarkable dearth of political leadership and decisive action .
As a result of the comments received , AMS changed the proposed rule and it was republished for comment in March 2000 .
A clean , wholesome-looking woman opened it .
Consistent with GAO 's Congressional Protocols , GAO will then offer the requester -LRB- s -RRB- a draft of the product that is with the agency for comment .
The tree-lined avenue extends less than three blocks to the sea .
Hamon said the proposed bill has attracted a number of co-sponsors , and Legal Aid backers are hoping to get it passed in the upcoming legislative session .
so you um-hum so you think it comes down to education or or something like that
Through Responsive and Naturalistic Approaches .
Because marginal costs are very low , a newspaper price for preprints might be as low as 5 or 6 cents per piece .
Favored by the Ancient Egyptians as a source of turquoise , the Sinai was , until recently , famed for only one event but certainly an important one .
How effectively DOD manages these funds will determine whether it receives a good return on its investment .
Rep. Charles Rangel , D-N.Y. : I would say that if you had members of the KKK , that were not directly tied to the murder -- that they did not do the murder -- that 90 years -LSB- in jail -RSB- would be excessive .
The thing started to grow brighter .
I still did n't trust the little buggers .
yeah i 've i wish they 'd split that bowling season up into uh three seasons
and for regular readers who are a bit confused about our schedule -LRB- and who can blame them ? -RRB-
For himself he chose Atat ?? rk , or Father of the Turks .
His vigorous strides soon enabled him to gain upon them , and by the time he , in his turn , reached the corner the distance between them was sensibly lessened .
so i 'll probably say you know it 's like well we 've been talking for five six minutes so okay
Pray be seated , mademoiselle .
His off-the-cuff style seems amateurish next to Inglis ' polished mini-essays .
As Russell points out , some 400,000 legal aid cases go unassisted each year .
it sure will well good to talk to
we were lucky in that in one respect in that after she had her stroke she was n't really you know really much aware of what was going on
After the recovery of Jerusalem in 1099 , it took four hundred years of sieges and battles , treaties , betrayals , and yet more battles , before Christian kings and warlords succeeded in subduing the Moors .
But she 's not like her photo one bit .
i do n't know what kind of a summer we 're expecting this year i imagine it 's going to be hot again
are uh very few and then the other people just plan it you know it 's like it 's like have you have have you ever seen the commercial like for Federal Express where the with uh the think tank
Did the ancestors of the Indians really come from Asia over the Aleutian land bridge ?
There are also a couple of small aircraft lying offshore -LRB- relics of drug runners who ran out of luck -RRB- that make fascinating artificial dive sites .
He seemed too self-assured .
Poirot answered them categorically , almost mechanically .
uh well no i just know i know several single mothers who absolutely ca n't afford it they have to go with the a single uh what i mean a babysitter more more or less
We need your help with another new feature that starts next week .
On the Use of Qualitative Methods in Policy A Review of Three Multi-site Studies .
The cuts will take the biggest bite out of Land of Lincoln , a network of eight offices and 40 lawyers who help clients in southern Illinois with problems like eviction , access to Social Security and obtaining orders of protection from abusive spouses .
Sometimes more than one denomination shares one church .
Beatrice and Grace made out OK legally , but some of us will never use their products again without thinking about Travolta losing his shirt in the name of those wasted-away little kids .
However , the extent to which these comments were electronically available and the role that this access played in the rulemaking process varied substantially .
That 's what guarantees that people will keep buying tickets as long as the odds are in their favor .
China 's civil war sent distressing echoes to Hong Kong .
I guess he thought you 'd turned up your toes .
The Irish Architectural Archive , a library of architectural materials , is at number 73 on the south side of the square .
But you might as well see for yourself if you do n't believe me . The note , in Tuppence 's well-known schoolboy writing , ran as follows : `` DEAR JULIUS , `` It 's always better to have things in black and white .
Stale macho jokes and formulaic cliffhangers drive this chase-by-numbers thriller on the bumpy road to nowhere -LRB- Holden , the New York Times -RRB- .
The traditional opening time for many hotels is the Orthodox Easter , although some do not open until the end of April .
well and i i noticed since we moved down here to Texas my husband is originally from Texas but uh i 'm not and that you do n't have to have uh such a wide variety of seasonal clothes that you do up north where you have to
Criminal discovered in last chapter .
The loss of technical competence through downsizing was sufficiently pervasive that FFC , in conjunction with TBR and the NAVFAC , conducted the Government/Industry Forum on Capital Facilities and Core Competencies in March 1998 .
It is truly an honor .
No one was there , no bones at all .
17 `` Surely you are not thinking of refusing ?
She shrugged .
Tax records show Waters earned around $ 65,000 in 2000 .
`` So your girl writes that your little farewell activity did n't fare so well , eh ? '' he chortled .
Basically , to sell myself .
In Mumbai , both Juhu and Chowpatty beaches are , for instance , definitely a bad idea , and though the Marina beaches in Chennai are cleaner , there may be sharks .
1 Lower and upper PMSD bounds were determined from the 10th and 90th percentile , respectively , of PMSD data from EPA 's WET Interlaboratory Variability Study -LRB- USEPA , 2001a ; USEPA , 2001b -RRB- .
Despite all the hoopla over a pro-choice advocate 's confession that he had lied about the circumstances under which the procedure is generally used , only five lawmakers switched their votes from no to yes .
Diets for men in their prime
you know they ca n't really defend themselves like somebody grown uh say my age you know yeah
This was the site of the Bateau-Lavoir studio , an unprepossessing glass-roofed loft reconstructed since a 1970 fire .
yep see we have cable here
You wake up one bright autumn morning and you 're halfway to the subway when you decide to walk to work instead .
But in fact Haveman and Wolfe 's statistical analysis is designed to rule out this and similar alternative theories , leaving us to conclude that the moves themselves are harmful .
Where would he be today without American commercial know-how ?
Through the opt-out approach , Texas attorneys contributed $ 1 million this year , doubling 2001 contributions .
At least they 're getting stoned first , I rationalized .
For instance , when Clinton cited executive privilege as a reason for holding back a memo from FBI Director Louis Freeh criticizing his drug policies , Bob Dole asserted that the president had no basis for refusing to divulge it .
are you originally from uh Texas
McCalpinMaria Luisa Mercado Nancy H. Rogers Thomas F. Smegal , Jr. .
apparently apparently the appraisers likes it because our taxes sure is high is n't it it really is
Jon was about to require a lot from her .
i do n't know i i do i can think of all the uh the biblical things about it too where what did they say to uh i ca n't think of the scripture Render unto Caesar 's what is Caesar 's so
yeah you can also do the same thing using um if you have ground beef just stir fry the ground beef drain off the oil use the same hoi sin sauce and um some of the frozen mixed vegetables
Nearby is the Monastery of Nea Moni , founded in 1049 , and one of the most beautiful Byzantine religious sites in the Aegean .
excessively violent i was worried it 's like golly if kids start imitating that
A man like me can not fail ... .
She graduated in 1995 owing $ 58,000 in loans .
Not yourself .
oh well yeah that 's all i have to say thank you
Savonarola burned in Florence
I 've always jumped on sentiment and here I am being more sentimental than anybody .
For such a governmentwide review , an entrance conference is generally held with applicable central agencies , such as the Office of Management and Budget -LRB- OMB -RRB- or the Office of Personnel Management .
The anthropologist Napoleon Chagnon has shown that Yanomamo men who have killed other men have more wives and more offspring than average guys .
Daniel nodded , fetching me a glass of beer .
Others are Zao -LRB- in Tohoku -RRB- and a number of resorts in Joshin-etsu Kogen National Park in the Japan Alps , where there are now splendid facilities thanks to the 1998 Winter Olympic Games in Nagano .
4 billion for mercury .
He fell in love with Monica Lewinsky -- and even told her he wanted to be with her when he left office .
well it 's a pleasure talking with you
Sixty percent of Americans are frustrated and angry with the health-care system , and 70 percent favor federal intervention .
did you well it 's not just that are there enough jobs for people here now
the hologram makes up all these things and uh i mean sometimes sometimes it 's funny sometimes it 's not but uh you know it 's something to pass the time until we do and then and then we watch football
Some Kwanzaa rituals , most notably the focus on candles , seem to have been borrowed from Hanukkah .
The last stages of uploading are like a mental dry-heave .
Climate changes had already had the effect of reducing the amount of forest land ; the monks accelerated this process by clearing many more acres in order to make room for ever-growing herds of sheep .
Sales of goods and services in undercover operations .
For example , Bruce Barton 's The Man Nobody Knows , a best seller in 1925-26 , portrays Jesus as the ultimate businessman .
Small towns like Louisian lay scattered all over the Oil Fields ; the main train line branched between them .
uh-huh you ca n't do that in a skirt poor thing
That had been made by the Cadets -LRB- Constitutional Democrats -RRB- under Prince Lvov .
Always Sacrilegious , Always Coca-Cola . -RRB-
Write , write , and write .
Wagonheim said the program not only will benefit the needy , but also will help improve the public image of lawyers .
Life , unlike Reich 's book , is not a series of morality fables .
In my Crossfire days , I was patronized even by Sam Donaldson .
Postal Service could increase those same rates by at least 13 .
oh it 's fun i call
Local legend claims that he wrote part of his great saga , Os Lusadas , in what is now called the Camees Grotto , situated in the spacious tropical Camees Garden .
Generally , FGD systems tend to be constructed closer to the ground compared to SCR technology retrofits .
Even if auditors do not follow such other standards and methodologies , they may still serve as a useful source of guidance to auditors in planning their work under GAGAS .
Specifically , suppose unconstrained competition were allowed but the Postal Service turned out to have sufficient market power in some product areas to allow other products to be priced at or near the level of incremental cost .
made it yeah made it all the way through four years of college playing ball but
By contrast , their grandson , who assumed the throne in 1516 , was born in Flanders in 1500 , and Charles I could barely express himself in Spanish .
Broadly speaking , the CEF Moderate scenario can be thought of as a 50 % increase in funding for programs that promote a variety of both demand-side and supply-side technologies .
Wacky Tangent of the Washington Week in Review host Ken Bode scolded the New York Times Magazine for a Nov. 9 fashion spread he said endorsed the now-discredited fashion trend of heroin chic .
oh that sounds interesting too
The majority of the agencies that responded appreciated GAO 's initiative to develop the protocols and said that they were comprehensive and provided a framework for meaningful communication .
Earlier this week , the Pakistani paper Dawn ran an editorial about reports that Pakistani poppy growers are planning to recultivate opium on a bigger scale because they have n't received promised compensation for switching to other crops .
Dan Burton , in an appearance on Good Morning , America , said he had sent a letter to Attorney General Janet Reno urging her to have the FBI seize the Kuhn paperback immediately so it can be examined by its own labs .
Despite their many similarities , Koreans and Japanese have long been mutually hostile and have pointed to the vast differences between their languages as proof that they lack a shared ancestry .
you sound like this girl that i talked to about books and we got into movies one night
Cultural festivals are one opportunity , but the better way is at a private wedding or feast day when the performances are set in their true context .
In a six-year study , scientists fed dogs and other animals irradiated chicken and found no evidence of increased cancer or other toxic effects .
Through the opt-out approach , Texas attorneys contributed $ 1 million this year , doubling 2001 contributions .
To see how The Bell Curve tries and fails to get around these inherent problems , see and .
Now it 's my turn , and even if I 'm walking in a dead man 's shoes , I can make my way afresh .
Recent SAB deliberations on mortality and morbidity valuation approaches suggest that some adjustments to unit values are appropriate to reflect economic theory -LRB- EPA-SAB-EEAC-00-013 , 2000 -RRB- .
She would be almost certainly sent to you under an assumed one .
External Validity The extent to which a finding applies -LRB- or can be generalized -RRB- to persons , objects , settings , or times other than those that were the subject of study .
Monday 's Question -LRB- No .
and uh the whole organization was targeting to replace whole life policies with a term life with annuity an annuity and uh
The purpose of the Diwan-i-Khas is hotly disputed ; it is not necessarily the hall of private audience that its name implies .
The chart to which Reich refers was actually presented during Saxton 's opening statement , hours before Reich testified , and did not look as Reich claims it did .
She 's very tired .
It is extremely dangerous to Every trip to the store becomes a temptation .
I smiled vaguely .
Larger boats for up to 20 people , plus crew , offer organized gourmet cruises .
On Fox News Sunday , host Tony Snow touted a poll showing that 60 percent of Americans think the allegations represent a pattern of behavior .
Yes , undoubtedly the hand of Mr. Brown ! Mr. Carter paused .
The commentary is chanted by a chorus of six to eight narrators -LRB- reminiscent of the chorus in Greek tragedy -RRB- who sit at the side of the stage , while musicians positioned at the back of the stage provide stark accompaniment with flute and drums .
The Joint Venture which has so amply justified itself by success ! '' It was drunk with acclamation .
The way we try to approach it is to identify every legal problem that a client has .
In Texas , the ability to produce fairly stated external financial reports was only the first step in building a more effective , resultsoriented government .
It was still night .
Generally , data collection and analysis are concurrent and interactive-that is , yoked in case study methods .
You can either fly on TAP/Air Portugal -LRB- 15-minute flight -RRB- or take the ferry -LRB- which leaves daily at 8am ; Tel. 291/226 511 -RRB- .
The final reason for the teen renaissance is boomer self-obsession .
But in all probability the girl will have entirely forgotten the intervening period , and will take up life where she left off at the sinking of the Lusitania . ''
When the two nations divided it up , France got 54 sq km -LRB- 21 sq miles -RRB- and Holland agreed to take just 41 sq km -LRB- 16 sq miles -RRB- , but that included the important salt pond near the Dutch capital of Philipsburg .
yep and then i had probably lived the last eleven years in Massachusetts so you know what does that make me an honorary Yankee or
` Can I get a drink ? '
Your man would n't have remained conscious after the first blow .
We know they will have to come from the south but that gives them a space as wide as the town in which to launch their attack .
Or Sherlock Holmes ? ''
Do n't you know ?
Cybernetics had always been Derry 's passion .
This fellow is flying a hot air balloon and suddenly realizes he is lost .
They just do n't like it as much as men do .
5 percent for educational lay programs relating to law and justice , and other public service programs such as the High School Mock Trial Competition and numerous publications .
Their supplies scarce , their harvest meager , and their spirit broken , they abandoned the fort in 1858 .
were sort of a double sign with a a big miles per hour and a little kilometers per hour type uh marking on the side
Bien ! he said at last .
is n't it i can remember i 've only been here eight years but i can remember coming to work from i used to live in Wylie and i could see downtown Dallas
He and his associates were n't operating at the level of metaphor .
do you think most states have that or
, less than ten years after the death of the prophet Mohamed .
It is n't , of course .
Of particular significance -- the American public has become acutely aware of the hazards to their health , including the risk of mortality , posed by inhalation of fine particles and exposure to mercury through fish consumption .
Sorry but that 's how it is .
On top is a broad plateau 650 metres -LRB- 2,132 feet -RRB- long by 300 metres -LRB- 984 feet -RRB- wide .
From Port-Louis all the way down Grande Terre 's west coast to Pointe Pitre there extend vast mangrove swamps .
Can I help you ? '
And in this city , where literature and theater have historically dominated the scene , visual arts are finally coming into their own with the new Museum of Modern Art and the many galleries that display the work of modern Irish artists .
Initiatives that we suggested for the CIO Council to consider
of course you got to charge it and keep your cash
There are a number of these on Chatham Road South and around Cameron Street in Tsim Sha Tsui .
Five minutes later she smiled contentedly at her reflection in the glass .
The University of Nevada-Las Vegas boasts a student population over 23,000 -LRB- though , like most of the people in Las Vegas , they are commuters -RRB- .
In an atmosphere of economic crisis stagnant productivity , bank closures , and rising unemployment conservatives wanted somebody tougher , more dynamic than eternally compromising old-style politicians .
oh i believe that uh mine would say the same uh but uh i seem too rely on them too much
This explains the presence in Guangzhou of the Huaisheng Mosque , reputed to be China 's oldest , and traditionally dated a.d. 627 .
For fiscal year 1996 , Congress determined that the Commission should recover $ 126,400,000 in costs , an amount 8.6 percent higher than required in fiscal year 1995 .
Always check with drivers and hotel employees to determine if road conditions are good before you depart .
But for some recipients , there is a downside to the checks from Anthem Inc. , issued to policyholders as part of the insurer 's conversion to a publicly traded company .
The central features of the Results Act-strategic planning , performance measurement , and public reporting and accountability-can serve as powerful tools to help change the basic culture of government .
Daniel took it upon himself to explain a few things .
down here it 's been it 's everybody 's got colds and everything because it 's cold one day and hot the next day
Also , other sorbent-based approaches in development may prove in time to be preferable to ACI , making the use of ACI only a conservative assumption .
Poirot answered them categorically , almost mechanically .
In 2001 , LSC continued to play an active role in encouraging and supporting states ' technology plans .
` Of course . '
Not yourself .
oh that might be kind of interesting is it
But by one measure , it seems to have been static .
It 's easy to overdose on the many temples , palaces , and museums in India .
It is truly an honor .
GAO secures all information obtained during the course of its work .
explanations , and to corroborate findings .
IRS Restructuring and Reform Act , its budget requests , and administration of various tax
That 's it . The girl looked at him , then passed her hand across her forehead .
Even after we hire good people , we need to take steps to retain them .
NEH-supported exhibitions were distinguished by their elaborate wall panels -- educational maps , photomurals , stenciled treatises -- which competed with the objects themselves for space and attention .
In our family we have two sons in public life .
We can leave them and let them die , said Thorn .
He went down on his knees , examining it minutely , even going so far as to smell it .
As a result , an estimated four out of five low-income people requiring legal help in our community do not receive it .
Steps are initiated to allow program board membership to reflect the clienteligible community and include representatives from the funding community , corporations and other partners .
down here it 's been it 's everybody 's got colds and everything because it 's cold one day and hot the next day
HE KNOWS ABOUT THE MINES .
There are many homes built into the hillsides ; some have been converted into art galleries and shops selling collectibles .
NONFEDERAL PHYSICAL PROPERTY ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September
The town is also known for its sparkling wine and for the caves where about 70 per?cent of France 's cultivated mushrooms are grown .
okay and and i think we just hang up i do n't think we have to do anything else
South Along the Caribbean
He thought the biggest barrier was how to change the culture in the ED so that staff would ask screening questions .
Time 's cover package considers what makes a good school .
From Sant Francesc , take the road that leads southwest to Cap Berber?a -LRB- the southernmost point in the Balearics -RRB- .
well that would be a help i wish they would do that here we have got so little landfill space left that we 're going to run out before the end of this decade and it 's really going to be
Alexander the Great , who passed through the city in 334 b.c. , paid for its completion ; five of the original 30 columns have been restored to their full height .
And she came to you ?
Bauerstein had been at Styles on the fatal night , and added : `` He said twice : ` That alters everything . ' And I 've been thinking .
All requests to provide live testimony at one of the two public hearings were granted .
Station Jesus meets his mother .
Alternatively , there are Sousa and Goncalves -LRB- Rua do Castanheiro , 47 -RRB- and Unibasket -LRB- Rua do Carmo , 42 ; Tel. 291/226 925 -RRB- , both in Funchal .
His failure will endure .
Additions to the 2002 Request for Proposal -LRB- RFP -RRB- include questions for applicants on staff diversity , recruitment and retention strategies and training , and the organization 's strategic planning .
no i mean there there there was nothing to it i mean
Loire Valley
how do you like it well
yeah right uh-huh that 's right yeah you you have to work on you really do
yeah and crawl through it
Many lakes or sections of lakes are also wildlife conservation areas ; these guides list the regulations that are in effect to protect water birds and other animals .
In 1099 , under their leaders Godfrey de Bouillon and Tancred , the Crusaders captured the Holy City for Christendom by slaughtering both Muslims and Jews .
OMB issued the guidance in Memorandum M0010 , dated April 25 , 2000 .
Do you know what this is ? '' With a dramatic gesture she flung back the left side of her coat and exposed a small enamelled badge .
June 21 , 1995 , provides the specific requirements for assessing and reporting on controls .
In the final rule , HCFA revised certain regulations pertaining to the costs of graduate medical education programs to conform to a recently enacted statute .
It is , as you see , highly magnified .
There are factory showrooms in the Pedder Building , 12 Pedder Street , in Central .
year , they gave morethan a half million dollars to Western Michigan Legal Services .
SSA is also seeking statutory authority for additional tools to recover current overpayments .
17 An alternative to unaddressed mail would be to auction off the right to be a third bundle on specific days in specific post offices .
He 'd gone a long way on what he 'd found in one elementary book .
But the real dirty work had already been done .
well i meant when when you were when you were growing up i mean like Galveston
He also has a private practice .
For example , the CFO Council and the Office of Management and Budget -LRB- OMB -RRB- are aggressively working on eight priority initiatives outlined in the1998 Federal Financial Management Status Report and FiveYear Plan .
A piece describes the Learning Channel 's new women-targeted reality TV A Wedding Story , A Baby Story , and A Dating Story , featuring real-life marriages , babies , and dates .
Castlerigg near Keswick is the best example .
In some cases , members initially participated because of an existing trust relationship with individual leaders or sponsors , and it was a challenge to keep them returning until they saw value in participating and had built trust with other members .
If I work at it , I might even be able to pick up some endorsements from members of the Sonics .
If you are keen to learn Israeli folk dancing , the Bicurei Ha'etim Cellar in Heftman Street will teach you .
Transforming Control of Public Health Programs Raises Concerns -LRB-
does does that make since to you
yeah that 's true the traffic um yeah yeah
In the meantime , the philosophy is to seize present-day opportunities in the thriving economy .
Sainte-Anne itself has a long , broad beach used not only by fishermen in vividly painted boats , but also by families with small children .
yeah i know because uh all i know is that when i came here in eighty seven they still had uh it was the last year to to put all your punch cards in
and i need to be better because uh uh we just bought it my wife and i just bought a new car and uh you know we want to take real good care of it so uh
and that you 're very much right but the jury may or may not see it that way so you get a little anticipate you know anxious there and go well you know
For a second , I thought the crowd might provide me with some cover , or at least slow my pursuers down with its sheer density .
life track
In this rule , cost refers to historical cost and market refers to the current replacement cost by purchase or production .
The oldest continually occupied settlement on the island is Kastro , where most of the buildings date from the 14th century and were laid out in a circular pattern atop a rocky outcrop 100 m -LRB- 300 ft -RRB- above the east coast .
At the far end of David Street , Temple Mount is one of the world 's most sacred spots to three major religions .
Poirot remained lost in thought for a few minutes .
so uh i hope you like your office
because the cold weather was just simply trapped along the ground and could n't get away
yeah so i i trotted back to the car rather quickly uh jumped in went home and took a hot shower and changed clothes and went back
Other advantages the Postal Service could retain relate to such things as the payment of taxes , the need for a return on investment , the right of eminent domain , and immunity from parking tickets .
Exhibit 3 presents total national emissions of NOx and SO2 from all sectors , including power .
well i think of uh you mean as far as retirement
Neither does it include the mail sent in response to advertising .
All of them slept in one cave on animal skins , a single large clay pot cooked all of their food .
Once the pious devotions are over , however , wine flows , fireworks explode , espetada -LRB- kebab -RRB- stalls flourish , and Monte regains normality for another 363 days .
At the fulcrum is a coffee bar and cafe under a giant screen television flanked by CD listening stations .
There is very little to see here , or at the ruined Essene monastery of Qumran itself .
Perhaps we should prepare a militia .
This was built 15 years earlier by Jahangir 's wife , Nur Jahan , for her father , who served as Mughal Prime Minister .
The students ' reaction was swift and contentious , as if their feelings had been hurt .
probably so yeah you can get a head start on it
Here 's the 439 feet + -LRB- 59 feet x 0.6 -RRB- = 474 feet .
The park was established in 1935 and was given Corbett 's name after India became independent .
so he donates a lot not everything but a lot of the material then what he does n't donate we just go out and buy
Possibly , but strychnine is a fairly rapid drug in its action .
Typically assumed to be a high-roller card game , baccarat -LRB- bah-cah-rah -RRB- is similar to blackjack , though it 's played with stricter rules , higher limits , and less player interaction .
Other pundits beam their opinions at us as through a time warp , from the hazy days of past administrations .
The game of billiards is also hot .
Were you in company with anyone ?
Boats in daily use lie within feet of the fashionable bars and restaurants .
Coast Guard rules establishing bridgeopening schedules -RRB- .
yeah i i think my favorite restaurant is always been the one closest you know the closest as long as it 's it meets the minimum criteria you know of good food
The Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs of OMB approved the
did oh they 're they are everywhere they
Eh ! Monsieur Lawrence , called Poirot .
In an effort to more thoroughly explore this topic , we expanded our discussions beyond the eight organizations that were the primary subjects of our study by requesting the Computer Security Institute to informally poll its most active members on this subject .
She was a very good mistress to me , sir .
It displays some superb marble sculptures of the second century a.d. , most notably a Venus and the Emperor Hadrian and his wife Sabina .
By seeding packs with a few high-value cards , the manufacturer is encouraging kids to buy Pokemon cards like lottery tickets .
from generation to generation -LRB- Michiko Kakutani , the New York Times -RRB- . A few , like Pearl K. Bell in the Wall Street Journal , find a surfeit of sweetly obedient docility in the novel and say parts are perilously at the edge of sentimentality .
Among the allegations is that Tokyo Joe -- listen , he calls himself that -- duped subscribers to his e-mail advisory , exaggerating his annual returns by leaving out losing trades .
Bettelheim committed suicide in 1990 , evidently having found life unbearable , despite -LRB- or because of -RRB- his fictions .
After four years , Clinton has learned how to avoid looking unpresidential .
Ca ` daan heard the Kal grunt and felt the horse lift .
, First-Class Mail used by households to pay their bills -RRB- and the household bill mail -LRB- i.e.
In 1654 Oliver Cromwell , Lord Protector of England , dispatched a British fleet to the Caribbean to break the stranglehold of the Spanish .
As a result , their services may be more effective when conducted in the emergency department environment .
Restored in 1967 , the beautiful exterior is complemented by the fine period furniture housed inside .
and then you can add cocoa powder to it to make chocolate or after it 's thickened i cook it for a good once it starts boiling i just i cook it for a good seven minutes
He turned and saw Jon sleeping in his half-tent .
Programs in Michigan and the District of Columbia received one-year grant terms for 2002 .
The building will also house two smaller volunteer-based programs , the Multi-Cultural Law Center and the Senior Lawyer Volunteer Project .
The levadas were largely built by slave laborers from Africa , whose primary employment was on sugar plantations .
There 's nobody telling that landlord to fix the property , Simmons said .
In addition , we supported the creation of a 250-page Poverty Law Manual that introduces advocates to the fundamentals of poverty law .
Funchal 's central area boasts the best variety of shops and local products on the island .
Las Vegas now seems poised to accept the multiple layers of its existence as a tourist city .
If anyone has a good idea about how to bring back the opinion leaders of yore , I am all for it .
It is at the moment of maximum audience susceptibility that we hear , for the first time , that the woman was fired not because of her gender but because of her sexual preference .
` Have you Mr. Whittington 's address in town ?
Two separate , exhaustive shots posted simultaneously ?
Spock did not cure American mothers and fathers of their impossible dream of being professional parents equipped with the developmentally correct answers .
Most pundits side with bushy-headed George Stephanopoulos -LRB- This Week -RRB- , arguing that only air strikes would be politically palatable .
The recommendation comes from the court 's Task Force on Civil Equal Justice Funding , created in 2001 to look for ways to cope with the sparse amount of money available for such cases .
Overlapping the others ?
The technical how-tos for these three strategies will be summarized later in this paper .
during the whole war he never put out like a conservation a conservation effort for oil
yeah i 'm i 'm sort of an acting process engineer but not officially but that 's pretty much what i do yeah
By seeding packs with a few high-value cards , the manufacturer is encouraging kids to buy Pokemon cards like lottery tickets .
For a small fee , non-guests may use the beach and facilities at a number of Guadeloupe and Martinique hotels ' a great convenience for island-hoppers .
The universal credibility problem with polling is that wordsmithing and mathematics do n't mix , and never will .
This is one of the reasons we 're growing too weak to fight the Satheri . `` What 's wrong with a ceremony of worship , if you must worship your eggshell ? '' Dave asked .
in one sense um i 'm i 'm an older person in my fifties so i feel that we 've lost some things in the sense that women have to work today
The analysis also addresses the various alternatives to the final rule which were considered , including differing compliance or reporting requirements , use of performance rather than design standards , and an exemption for small entities from coverage of the rule .
The information provided in this guide is current as of the date of this publication .
There never will be .
The bhakti movement of the Tamils brought a new warmth to the hitherto rigid Brahmanic ritual of Hinduism .
One he broke back to about the length of his forearm .
Their goals remain influential as India approaches the new millennium while it continues to modernize its industry and increase its agricultural output .
because we do n't always read the newspaper sometimes it just sits around for a while and then we just chuck it
they really do i i sometimes think that that should be limited more
Tell me , how did those scribbled words on the envelope help you to discover that a will was made yesterday afternoon ? '' Poirot smiled .
A detailed English explanation of the plot is always provided , and wireless recorded commentary units are sometimes available .
This was used for ceremonial purposes , allowing statues of the gods to be carried to the river for journeys to the west bank , or to the Luxor sanctuary .
Such parties may include
In addition , Dublin Tourism has devised and signposted three self-guided walking tours of the city , which you can follow using the booklets provided .
of course you could annex Cuba but they would n't like that a bit
Total volume grew 13 .
Even though national saving remains relatively low by U.S. historical standards , economic growth in recent years has been high because more and better investments were made .
Summary of Deferred Maintenance as of September 30 , 199Z -LRB- in Millions of Dollars -RRB- :
FDA suggests there may be an association between BSE and a form of human TSE known as new variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease .
to uh working a steady eight hour job as it were i had been working for a camp and had relatively real long hours sixteen years old and could handle getting up at five and not getting to bed until ten or eleven and
uh-huh i i thought they did an excellent job of actually aging the person you know from when he was a little kid to little older to little older to except the last the very last you know the last person the last actor that played the kid
Prior to 1986 , the United States had been a net creditor because its holdings of foreign assets exceeded foreign holdings of U.S. assets .
No , monsieur .
Critics complain that John Frankenheimer 's miniseries about the Alabama governor and presidential candidate plays fast and loose with history .
The final rule contains a Federalism Assessment under Executive Order
It means that they gather and interpret their material fairly and argue about its interpretations rationally .
A lot of people are going to look at it and say , ` Well , I took the exam the way it is and that 's what I had to do it , ' said Mr. Curnin .
Sitting up at night is always rather jumpy , she confessed .
But there are two kinds of the pleasure of doing , and the pleasure of not doing ; the pleasure of indulging , and the pleasure of abstinence .
Miller claimed the First Amendment -LRB- right to freedom of speech and association -RRB- rather than taking the Fifth -LRB- right against self-incrimination -RRB- .
The arts also flourished in India during these early times .
The search for an AIDS vaccine currently needs serious help , with the U.S. government , the biggest investor in the effort , spending less than 10 percent of its AIDS-research budget on the problem .
No , do n't answer .
Using teams can also assist in integrating different perspectives , flattening organizational structure , and streamlining operations .
it was really a nice compromise especially because she felt like she was still living in her own house and she still had her own couch and her own bed and it it really helped a lot and she was a lot more comfortable and she did n't
If you missed the two top stories in yesterday 's USAT -- the government 's first post-deregulation attempt to preserve competitiveness among airlines and the emergence of a drug that can prevent breast cancer -- they are on the NYT 's front today .
The disputes among nobles were not the first concern of ordinary French citizens .
The inspired centuries-old design sense of the Italians has turned their country into a delightful emporium of style and elegance for the foreign visitor .
Both were run by editors -LRB- Paul Williams , Jann Wenner -RRB- who saw rock stars as modern poets and voices of their generation .
an d now we got the governor she 's going to do that
The formation of a single statewide program was adopted to breathe life into a single program that will provide meaningful access to high quality legal services , in the pursuit of justice for as many low-income people throughout Colorado as possible .
Until the late '60s , the Senate was deferential to the -LRB- many fewer -RRB- presidential nominees .
Arsenic would put poor Emily out of the way just as well as strychnine .
She 's smiling but her eyes are closed .
Several security managers said that by participating in our study , they hoped to gain insights on how to improve their information security programs .
The advent of the Bronze Age -LRB- about 3200 b.c. -RRB- , and the spread of city-states ruled by kings , is marked by the appearance of royal tombs containing bronze objects in such places as Troy in the west , and Alacah ?? y ?? k near Ankara .
because uh i know people who eat tons of that kind of stuff and they 're just as healthy as can be
It has served as a fortress for the Gallo-Romans , the Visigoths , Franks , and medieval French -LRB- you can see the layers of their masonry in the ramparts -RRB- .
Four infinite minutes went by .
okay i 'll keep that in mind yeah you serve that yourself or the for a family
His mother died when he was young , and he was adopted by the Brodkeys .
More to the point , even as the major airlines have been reaping large profits over the last four years , their productivity has not risen at all , suggesting that consolidation is not improving efficiency .
Simmons , probably rap 's greatest entrepreneur , lives in New York ; schmoozes bankers , fashion designers , and record executives ; and cuts deals with conglomerates such as Time Warner .
need the car the next day type deal so
Took forever .
yes i 've had a German Shepherd that did that one time
He needs to keep his finger on the pulse to succeed during the short tourist season .
yeah i 've always threatened to take lessons but i 've never gotten around to it
The two programs are currently housed in buildings about a block apart .
A small page-boy was waiting outside her own door when she returned to it .
But of course , that 's just another way of saying that liberal democracy -- a value Huntington surely ranks above the alternatives morally -- may never fit some peoples as naturally as it fits us .
well um i uh exercise regularly i work at a university and i swim almost everyday
To be sure , not all auctions are rip-offs .
yeah okay you go ahead
I put it to you that you did do so ?
i ca n't do any jumping up and down because it makes it hurt
That first glimpse of the towering , steepled abbey rising from the sea on its rock is a moment you will not forget .
With the gap still of landslide proportions in most polls , Dole has been written off , correctly or otherwise , by the pundits .
So many seemingly contrary and opposing factors combine to make it unique .
Visigoths sack Rome
These latter vast regions of forests , rivers , and mountains border the Indonesian state of Kalimantan and the oil-rich sultanate of Brunei .
The day my deadline came , I got a business card .
When we encounter the young woman again , she has taken a job as the live-in domestic at a huge and crumbling Roman townhouse belonging to an English loner named Jason Kinsky -LRB- David Thewlis -RRB- .
The National Association of State Information Resource Executives -LRB- NASIRE -RRB- represents state chief information officers -LRB- CIO -RRB- and information resource executives who share a mission to shape national information technology policy through collaborative partnerships , information sharing , and knowledge transfer .
No , Dave Hanson , you were too important to us for that .
With the gap still of landslide proportions in most polls , Dole has been written off , correctly or otherwise , by the pundits .
Vaikuntaperumal is a Vishnu temple of the same period , famous for its elevated colonnade of lively sculpted reliefs showing the many exploits of the Pallava kings .
But to you , who know the truth , I propose to read certain passages which will throw some light on the extraordinary mentality of this great man . '' He opened the book , and turned the thin pages .
The spot does leave the viewer wondering about the rest of the story , and what tale the condom could tell .
they do n't i do n't i do n't work at TI
I 'd noticed him more than once and I 'd figured it out in my own mind that he was afraid of somebody or something .
The movie is n't clear on where the secret report that kicked off Bergman 's interest in tobacco came from , or who in the FDA thought it was a good idea to turn him onto Wigand .
It lacked intelligence , introspection , and humor -- it was crass , worthy of Cosmopolitan or Star . I do have a sense of humor , but can only appreciate a joke when it starts with a grain of truth .
The good news , however , can be found in reports like this one .
yeah well i was surprised at the the way they drafted last year they did n't really did n't go for the uh big offensive lineman or the defensive lineman they 're going for the skilled positions so quarterbacks they really
I will some day , if you ask me , she promised him , smiling .
My bottom line is that I would recommend the book to students and colleagues and I hope it does well , despite its anti-intellectual p.c.
She leaned back in her chair .
for a change i i got i get sick of winter just looking everything so dead i hate that
No one was there , no bones at all .
And it was exactly on such a day , as this carefully selected Wednesday -LRB- which blushed from this distinction -RRB- , that the mini-anti-aggressor was going to make the biggest of impressions .
yeah and the music and uh well it had an excellent story line Everything about it was good
The analyses utilized different assumptions and generally resulted in smaller expenditure impact estimates than noted above .
The emotional effect is undiminished , and the gory effects are usually horribly creative .
Treasure Beach -LRB- South Coast -RRB-
At Kansas City Power and Light 's Hawthorn Power Station , Unit 5 was replaced -LRB- excluding turbine -RRB- in under 22 months .
Aswan became a backwater following the decline of the Egyptian Empire , far removed from power bases at Alexandria and Cairo .
and see if Kansas if Kansas yeah but then you know it could be what if they 're not hitting that night or they 're low or anything and see i i feel like the college you know it 's kids it 's still kids
Working groups were established to coordinate training statewide , to focus on the establishment of a statewide website and to continue coordination and sharing in technology matters .
than the passage of time , the rate of inflation , or geographic location , as so often is the case today .
This is a powerful and evocative museum .
On Naxos , you can walk through the pretty villages of the Tragea Valley and the foothills of Mount Zas , admiring Byzantine churches and exploring olive groves at your leisure .
i was trying to think about some of my favorite people that i liked in music and they 're none of them are recent right
Horwitz makes us see that the pinched circumstances of their lives are not so different from the conditions of their ancestors , dirt-poor yeoman farmers who seldom saw , much less owned , a slave .
Tommy realized perfectly that in his own wits lay the only chance of escape , and behind his casual manner he was racking his brains furiously .
The Leland Act -LRB- 1 -RRB- simplify the household definition
They drive it around the country in a dilapidated ice-cream truck trying to keep it cool .
These traditional low-drafted craft ply effortlessly and quietly through the water guided by their experienced pilots .
As the Tokugawa shoguns had feared , this opening of the floodgates of Western culture after such prolonged isolation had a traumatic effect on Japanese society .
Porches and stoops , those symbols of a vibrant social life , stopped being used as gathering places for a rather practical reason -- air conditioning .
However , co-requesters can not approve additional co-requesters or restrict the timing of the release of the product after it is issued .
Attractively colorful ukiyo-e woodblock prints and scroll paintings can be found in antique stores , second-hand bookstores , and even temple markets .
Part of the original design , they were destroyed by Emperor Aurangzeb , who refused images susceptible to idolatry .
they 'll they 'll say yeah why did n't you buy why did n't you try something more mainline
Look here , you 've no business to come asking for me in this way .
In the Blue Mountain National Park and the John Crow National Park , which together cover 78,200 hectares -LRB- 193 , 200 acres -RRB- , conservationists are attempting to halt the encroachment of local farmers and loggers .
It focuses on desktop , client/server , and enterprisewide computing .
Were you in company with anyone ?
Such a knowledgebased process enables decision makers to be reasonably certain about critical facets of the product under development when they need this knowledge .
and i 'll go there for you know two months straight we wo n't go anyplace else
The chain swung again , hitting her arm and sending the palm knife into the crowd .
Endorphins were flowing .
Almost directly overhead , there was a rent place where the strange absence of color or feature indicated a hole in the dome over them .
The park on the hill of Monte makes a good playground , while the ride down in a wicker toboggan is straight out of an Old World theme park -LRB- though surely tame for older kids -RRB- .
And he claimed she earned $ 11,000 a month - or $ 132,000 a year - from a home quilting business she had owned for 22 years .
Or else it was administered in the brandy you gave her .
It also describes the results of the scenario analysis , both in terms of the various marginal costs associated with emission control strategies and the economy-wide impact of each scenario .
Jon was fighting at full speed , sweat forming on his brow .
At eight in the morning .
Do you want to see historic sights and tour museums and art galleries ?
All of our many earnest experiments produced results in line with random chance , they conclude .
The same year , the University of Hawaii campus at Manoa became the site of the Center for Cultural and Technical Interchange Between East and West -LRB- popularly known as the East West Center -RRB- , a unique and venerated resource for advanced Pacific Rim studies .
oh hum well uh i have n't for some reason have never really gotten enthused about football in the summer from from the the World League
The AMS system also allows users to search the full text of the public comments , identifies form letter comments and ex parte communications ,8 and provides a list of related government web sites-features that are currently not available in the DOT docket management system .
8 A stoichiometry of 1.03 is typical when the FGD process is producing gypsum by-product , while a stoichiometry of 1.05 is needed to produce waste suitable for a landfill .
The word itself , tapa , is translated as lid and derives from the old custom of offering a bite of food along with a drink , the food being served on a saucer sitting on top of the glass like a lid .
yeah they were my favorite team for a while
83 At that point , Poirot nudged me gently , indicating two men who were sitting together near the door .
1 -RRB- Increased federal enforcement . Before Hoover 's death , the FBI did not aggressively investigate the Mafia .
These adaptations are not uniformly valued .
A sufficiently clever system of taxes and subsidies can induce people to make accurate reports of their own emotional distress .
In the market proper , spices and grain are piled up in multi-colored mountains ; merchants chant as they measure out separate lots of five kilos three , three , three , four , four , four , and five , five , five .
said San ` doro .
The tip was hooked towards the edge , the same way the tips are hammered for knives used for slaughter .
The newspaper publishes just one letter a week from a reader , always with an editorial riposte at the bottom .
The castle itself comprises an early 17th-century tower house , restored with Irish oak from the park which is held together without a single nail .
the net cost of operations .
He felt the off-hand dagger 's weight in the small of his back .
so well i think we 've taken up at least five minutes
Also , the Holy Family are said to have sheltered here on their return from Egypt .
They are the four sentences you always insert in plagiarized papers to throw the professor off track .
yeah plus uh you know look at the you know the besides the pollution the the aspect of invasion of privacy there 's a big pollution aspect too i find i throw out a lot of those flyers and i have no interest in
Several of the individuals and organizations that we contacted also suggested that agencies move to a more consistent organization , content , and presentation of information to allow for a more common look and feel to agencies ' ITbased public participation mechanisms in rulemaking .
uh-huh so do you have to get a shade tolerant grass is that what you ` re
if the United States had used full conventional power .
Las Vegas now seems poised to accept the multiple layers of its existence as a tourist city .
Do n't take it to heart , lad , he said kindly .
It spoils the sport .
yeah i have too and i found it real interesting but
He writes that it 's the first time he 's added such a track .
Paper goods .
The FDA solicited comments on these requirements in the notice of proposed rulemaking and has evaluated and responded to them in the preamble to the final rule .
That seems to make up for how he feels about what you did to the Voth .
that does n't seem fair does it
i do n't know um-hum
To the west of the city at Hillend is Midlothian Ski Centre , the longest artificial ski slope in Europe .
A succession of discoveries has taught us about archeabacteria , very ancient and primitive single-cell organisms that live in the places you 'd least expect anything to call home .
i also use my PC to emulate a mainframe terminal for our IBM mainframe and also to emulate a deck terminal for our deck machine
The average length of a rural route is 55 miles .
In this enclosed but airy building , you 'll find ladies with large machetes expertly chopping off hunks of kingfish , tuna , or shark for eager buyers .
Bolts of blue and tips of steal .
Down the street from the statue is the Bank of Ireland , built in 1729 to house the Irish parliament .
For example , service coordination is a popular remedy for limited funds .
a good team but they 're an underdog that 's why i like them is the Philadelphia Eagles
In both Britain and America , the term covers nearly everybody .
Even if you 're the kind of traveler who likes to improvise and be adventurous , do n't turn your nose up at the tourist offices .
Grantees statistically sample the cases closed in the previous year to determine if the sampled cases generally meet the requirements for reporting cases to LSC .
In addition , because funding is secured on an
uh somewhat they 're not my favorite team i am uh somewhat familiar with them
Long ago -- or away , or whatever -- there was a world called Thar ?? and another called Erath .
You name it L.A. 's got it .
you can get a hard copy of it and that 's about it
right that 's that 's supposedly
This number represents the most reliable , albeit conservative , estimate of cases closed in 1999 by LSC grantees .
uh-huh oh yeah i had n't heard that one let 's see i ca n't oh gosh that that probably wipes out my whole inventory of TV shows other than um PBS i
The association 's mission is to reduce the incidence of fraud and white-collar crime through prevention and education .
right oh they 've really done uh good job of keeping everybody informed of what 's going on sometimes i 've wondered if it was n't almost more than we needed to know
New York 's John Leonard calls Oz an ecology and anthropology of terror , not for the faint of heart or the queasy of stomach ...
Suddenly she started , and her face blanched .
There is an exhibition of highland dress , showing how it developed through the centuries .
Perhaps a further password would be required , or , at any rate , some proof of identity .
At the eastern end of Back Lane and turning right , Nicholas Street becomes Patrick Street , and in St. Patrick 's Close is St. Patrick 's Cathedral .
well do you know you have a ten limit a ten minute time limit well that 's okay and then they come on and tell you and they tell you got five seconds to say good-bye
Turns out that Bill got one letter last year that just tore at his heartstrings .
Medicare gross outlay projections based on intermediate assumptions of the 2001 HI and SMI Trustees ' reports .
The Palace of Jahangir is built around a square court with arches .
You did not understand that he believed Mademoiselle Cynthia guilty of the crime ?
It must be a difficult situation for you all .
yeah i try to no i uh uh try not to use any insecticides at all i try not to even use insecticides on my lawn but i sometimes i ca n't manage
Gordon , Robert J. Does the ` New Economy ' Measure Up to the Great Inventions of the Past .
The following are examples of how agencies engaged employee unions .
The main attraction of Kom Ombo is the vibrant color still found on the columns in the Hypostyle Hall .
they 're almost five hundred a month for a one bedroom place
This tourist heartland is also home to 100,000 Jamaicans who live in the hills surrounding the town .
Ho there -- what the devil ? '' The overseer 's hand spun Hanson around .
Then you 're ready for the fray , either in the bustling great bazaars such as Delhi 's Chandni Chowk or Mumbai 's Bhuleshwar , or the more sedate ambience of grander shops and showrooms .
But you will find it all right . ''
Based on field observations and some discussions with U.S.
After the second course I began to feel slightly at ease , although I could n't help being disturbed by the way they just stared at me .
Krugman 's column will henceforth be known as The Dismal Science , a phrase too famous to be ownable by anyone , except possibly British essayist Thomas Carlyle -LRB- 1795-1881 -RRB- , who coined it .
You will find two principal fino and olorose
Total electricity expenditures increase by about 15 % to 30 % depending on the year and the scenario -LRB- see Table 3 , below , and the tables in Appendix 5.2 for more detail on the changing pattern of expenditures -RRB- .
Model yields an estimate of the percentage change in a household 's demand for postage as a result of owning a computer
There are a number of expensive jewelry and other duty-free shops , all with goods priced in US dollars -LRB- duty-free goods must always be paid for in foreign currency -RRB- .
The strychnine had been found in a drawer in the prisoner 's room .
Some rooms have balconies .
Eh ! Monsieur Lawrence , called Poirot .
Under the rule , HUD may also accept an assignment of
Justice Kennedy does not care what law librarians across the country do with all the Supreme Court Reporters from 1790 through 1998 .
Arsenic would put poor Emily out of the way just as well as strychnine .
The door did not budge .
well camping is one thing that i i could never get used to uh i i used to take the kids to go fishing and things like that but i never went uh never went camping
well this is real interesting that you 're as far away as you are because i really thought this was uh uh we ` re
Miller claimed the First Amendment -LRB- right to freedom of speech and association -RRB- rather than taking the Fifth -LRB- right against self-incrimination -RRB- .
In the 19th century , when Kashmir was the most exotic hill-station of them all , the maharaja forbade the British to buy land there , so they then hit on the brilliant alternative of building luxuriously appointed houseboats moored on the lakes near Srinagar .
Two more weeks with my cute TV satellite dish have increased my appreciation of it .
The movie does n't come to much , though .
If you have any questions regarding this report , please call me at -LRB-202-RRB-512-4841 .
Saddam could emerge strengthened -LRB- and America tarnished -RRB- in the eyes of the Arab world .
and uh uh so i 've i 've just been real pleased and my step father happens to work at a Ford dealership and that makes things a little easier come car time but
As a counterweight to the Singapore Chinese , he would bring in the North Borneo states of Sabah and Sarawak , granting them special privileges for their indigenous populations and funds for the development of their backward economies .
Michael B. Wachter of the University of Pennsylvania and his colleagues conclude that there is a wage and fringe benefit premium for the postal bargaining labor force of 29 .
They even smiled at Susan and she smiled back .
As legal scholar Randall Kennedy wrote in his book Race , Crime , and the Law , Even if race is only one of several factors behind a decision , tolerating it at all means tolerating it as potentially the decisive factor .
Finish it , someone yelled .
36 million could mean the state 's legal services for the poor will lose six of their 21 regional offices , the head of a poverty-law resource center said .
During the half-century of its existence , Israel has absorbed approximately 2.5 million Jewish immigrants , displaced persons , refugees , and survivors of the Nazi Holocaust .
If you have the energy to climb the 387 steps to the top of the south tower , you will be rewarded with a stunning view over the city .
First , the horsemen brought out a teaser horse .
do you really romance
yeah well that 's not really immigration
The Wither 's eldest boy , one of the four of the town militia , saluted in the old style with his stick sword .
This is the island 's main city and financial , governmental , and administrative centre , and its charms match those of other Mediterranean jewels .
In most methods , we plan for data collection , then we collect the information , then we analyze it , and then we write the report .
In this case , shareholders can pay twice for the sins of others .
i can believe i can believe that
Enlarging the village was not desirable and most knew that Severn only desired wealth and a seat on the council of elders .
yeah and every once in a while they 'll have dressing but uh whoever makes it uh goes crazy with the sage
The final aim of screening must be improved outcomes through referral and counseling .
Extremely limited exceptions to the authority are established in 31 U.S.C.
You will learn later that the person who usually poured out Mrs. Inglethorp 's medicine was always extremely careful not to shake the bottle , but to leave the sediment at the bottom of it undisturbed .
The tourist industry continued to expand , and though it became one of the top two income earners in Spain , a realization that unrestricted mass tourism was leading to damaging long-term consequences also began to grow .
Summer boasts long , warm days with strong sunlight and hazy views .
On Samothrakia you can climb to the summit of Mount Fengari , where the God Poseidon watched the Trojan War reach its tragic climax .
North of Mytilini , stop at the village of Moria , where you will find the remains of a huge Roman aqueduct surrounded by grazing goats .
Voluntariness of risks is evaluated .
it it like strange that it you 're right in the middle of the mountains and it 's so brown and dry but boy you just did n't feel
And put like that , she added confidentially to Tommy , `` nobody could boggle at the expense ! '' Nobody did , which was the great thing .
My usual partner . '
that 's right you can work yourself to death well i 'm sorry to hear your color did n't come out so good over the weekend
Very simply .
that they do n't show local
it was difficult
There would be little benefit to national saving from allowing early access to mandatory accounts with set contribution levels-which has been proposed for Social Security -LRB- see Q4 .
With their fluent Vietnamese and Mandarin , they help Tran understand her family 's eligibility for Medi-Cal and food stamps , assist the 70-year-old woman in finding a place to live and advise abused women how they can stay in the country while staying away from their husbands .
Brit Now that would be a good debate !
Most of it , I could n't even begin to identify .
I turned a curve and I was just in time to see him ring the bell and get admitted to the house .
No one would ever think of sentiment in connection with you .
However the Postal Service did provide as much detail as is collected a volume distribution by transportation mode and shape for sixty individual countries .
In few other modern cities are you likely to see such a variety of costumes .
uh and i think even Electric Light Orchestra had some some real um influences by classical music and i 'm still still my favorite in fact most of my CDs that i got are classical music
Professor Rogers began her career by clerking for The Honorable Thomas D. Lambros of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio .
yep same here
We still espouse a God-given right of human beings to use the environment for their benefit , says Barrett Duke of the Southern Baptists .
In his effort to build nationalism across Turkey in the 1920s , Ataterk instituted a campaign to suppress Kurdish identity that continues today .
I 'm not interested in tactics , Al. .
Saint-Th ?? gonnec is an outstanding example , its triumphal arch setting the tone for the majestic calvary of 1610 .
His plan was to drive straight up to the house .
Text box 4.1 describes how the NIPA and unified budget concepts differ .
Helms , who will be 81 when his fifth term ends , is increasingly frail .
Not only must capital goods be replaced as they depreciate , but new generations of workers must be comparably
What a lot of bottles ! I exclaimed , as my eye travelled round the small room .
The Washington Post called it the culmination of a six-month game of political chicken .
Many who fled have returned .
From ethnic food shops and vintage clothing stores to electronics and book shops , there are so many interesting shopping spots that it is hard to imagine their breadth and depth .
Search out the House of Dionysos and the House of the Trident with their simple floor patterns , and the House of Dolphins and the House of Masks for more elaborate examples , including Dionysos riding a panther , on the floor of the House of Masks .
Tax records show Waters earned around $ 65,000 in 2000 .
i do n't know um do you do a lot of camping
Have you got him ? ''
Paroseas cave , reef , and wreck diving around its shores , giving the diver a wide range of environments to explore .
Rightly or wrongly , America is seen as globalization 's prime mover and head cheerleader and will be blamed for its excesses until we start paying official attention to them .
did you use a textured paint or
I am asserting my membership in the club of Old Geezers .
New York Times columnist Bob Herbert asserts that managed care has bought Republican votes and that patients will die as a result .
The stuff was strong , but somewhat brittle .
yes well yeah i am um actually actually i think that i at the higher level education i do n't think there 's so much of a problem there it 's pretty much funded well there are small colleges that i 'm sure are struggling
no i i just painted
Treasure Beach -LRB- South Coast -RRB-
Just east of the Star Ferry terminal , you 'll come to CityHall .
He caught a grip on himself , fighting the fantasies of his mind , and took another breath of air .
They encourage us to indulge ourselves , and they exhort us to worry about our competence at work .
yeah well i i started uh studying mathematics basically because i was really good at that in high school
Under Ferdinand and Isabella , Spain underwent a dramatic transformation .
Kyoto 's kabuki troupe performs in December and Osaka 's in May .
7 -RRB- Nonautomated First-Class and Standard-A mailers have the option of requesting that their mail be processed manually , even though the costs for such processing are substantially higher than mechanized processing .
Finally , the FDA will conduct workshops , issue guidance manuals and videotapes , and hold teleconferences to aid small entities in complying with the rule .
Cirque du Soleil 's The latest from the acclaimed international troupe , O dazzles in an aquatic environment that utilizes 1.5 million gallons -LRB- 6.8 million liters -RRB- of water .
