I like him for the most part , but would still enjoy seeing someone beat him .
Severn said the people were not welcome there .
I do n't know how cold it got last night .
I need a way to add something extra .
Sometimes it is amusing to see what the hologram creates .
It has a buffet .
The 1931 Malay census was an alarm bell .
Many youth are lazy .
There is a British publication called the Sun .
He loved how peaceful the village was .
Joan of Arc sacrificed her life at Rouen , which became an enduring symbol of opposition to tyranny .
Senior Executive 's have been studies on various aspects to reach the expectations .
Democracies probably wo n't go to war unless someone attacks them on their soil
Not many couples with kids can save up for retirement .
They dodged the draft , I 'll have you know .
Lincoln took his hat off .
The stock market can experience much worse damage .
See , there is a well known hero here .
The cushion will likely be spent in under two years .
New people chose to donate to the cause
Jamus looked over the mare .
Changes were made to the Grant Renewal Application to provide extra information to the LSC .
This building job will be very difficult to complete .
I want you to follow him , so watch for the signal that I give .
Justice Kennedy does n't care if the Supreme Court Reporters from 1790 to 1998 are thrown away .
The whole countryside is scattered with small villages .
France was ruled by Napoleon 's nephew after they won a revolution in 1848 .
They were able to be home rather than having to worry about getting child care .
Creating risk reduction efforts is common practice .
Really ? No kidding !
The setting is better to visit at sundown or during low season .
The islands are part of France now instead of just colonies .
BLM 's performance plans are visible online .
Nation officials in Chicago are involved in religious issues .
The gate to the Hippodrome is an example of the architect 's skill .
There is n't anything left to do .
The legislature was instrumental in effecting changes to the benefit program .
The entire Minoan civilization was destroyed by a volcanic eruption .
Julius made a groaning sound .
The woman is familiar with the sacred .
There is a charge for people arriving at Caravelle beach by land .
Eglise Saint-Michel is built in a flamboyant Gothic style .
Julius paused for a while , before answering her .
GAO recommends that the Secretary of Defense revise policy and guidance
Adrin 's arms were tangled , keeping his blades away from Kal .
The primary screen is the responsibility of the staff to be given to all patients .
There is an old woman in the village that I have been visiting .
Nocera works for Slate .
This town is over 8000 years old .
People that want the job have to have their fingerprints sent to the FBI .
Her skin was glowing from the red moon .
Just after the war ended .
I do not know the weather conditions in Lewisville .
Tuppence was triumphant .
The Results Act has strategic planning as a central feature .
It was nice meeting you
Where are you located ?
There were a lot of small towns in the oil fields .
Old European colonies were liberated .
The ones that are made to sell in Europe are different .
Afterwards , I thought about it .
When I heard that on the radio I got chills and the beginning of the bombing .
A fight broke out between the stepmother and the man before her death .
The Imperial Hall houses three marble fountains .
It seems like it 's worth trying to get the oil filter out .
You must be very silent when tracking tigers .
Adrin nodded his head .
Bud White and Ed Exley almost mix it up .
Claustrophobics will not enjoy the tunnel of Eupalinos .
He did n't remember Adrin .
The biggest payment they made barely hurt their profits .
We hate them out of jealousy for being smarter than us .
These by themselves could prove valueable .
It is close to Jerusalem .
Raccoons , if they are abandoned , tend to damage things - this is what has been happening for the past 20 years .
Most workers could contribute up to $ 1,000 each year .
-LRB- The millennium coverage from around the globe is summed up and examined -RRB- .
The culture of Las Vegas has recently matured .
How do you feel about it , Eric ?
Because visibility is so good , you can see French angelfish , crawfish , and other reef dwellers .
Benchmark in America .
External Validity gets its name from the fact that what 's being studied are people , things , and individuals who are outside of the study .
Certainly not , said Cynthia .
The Broncos beat the New York Jets .
We have played football , basketball , baseball and soccer and you have n't played anything so shut your mouth .
Senators Fred Thompson requested the study to benefit federal agencies .
Rochester is right on the shores .
Those shares of stocks will never come back .
You were thought to be dead !
HCFA did n't identify any other executive order .
There is no clear beginning and end , it 's a continuous cycle .
Tran spoke Mandarin .
Scotland was hardly better than an English county .
He collects a big check for pretending to be outraged .
From what I know the borders of Iran are still open .
It is better to have little than to have none at all .
A deck chair can be used to show territorial rights .
A new rule may advice us to discharge heart surgery patients earlier .
The analysis stated that the rule might have a large impact on small entities in the US .
Cave 31 ran into problems because it was made of harder rock .
I warn you again , that I can promise you no protection , as I feel that you probably underestimate the danger .
The monsoon season ends in the month of October .
The water samples should be received .
The man moved near a flying spear .
The man will be prepared .
It 's not likely you 'll forget that , right ?
I spoke more harshly than I wanted to .
It has over 50 discount stores for designer fashion brands .
The museum is powerful .
The person says that there 's definitely a lot more hitting .
Mr. Stephanopoulos has a very large pundit following due to his stance on air strikes only being politically palatable .
Regular beachgoers say that it is the best in Europe .
I do not remember .
It is possible that they were going to law school .
What about matching programs ?
It is a terrible situation .
For drugs .
There has been a substantial decrease in each of the emission categories .
Hello , Mary , have you gone anywhere recently , such as restaurants ?
Blacks proudly braid their hair .
The grounds were really beautiful .
This marketplace testing ranges from informal to formal surveys .
There are at least 100 things to sample at Whisky Heritage Centre .
Sorrento used to be a fishing village .
It is very important for us to consider the implications of the these distinct roles on the issues .
Not all of it
Dior era was known for sloping shoulders after the period of shoulder padding .
It 's a fascinating explanation modern Israel 's violent past and at the end is the Scafelf Room where executions took place .
I always considered him to be a good player .
It was one hundred ten degrees in West Texas .
58 % of Columbia/HCA 's beds are empty , said the report .
The library has over 300 volumes , including 3 first editions .
In Asia I spent
There were going to be problems with the personal pronoun .
Making certain distinctions is imperative in looking back on the past .
Jon stabbed the man 's throat multiple times .
Mothers should nurse at night .
Employers have continued to operate motor vehicles , and that 's all that matters .
Programs to increase efficiency were consolidated .
The matter of whether or not the Mass is a sacrifice for the remission of sins is controversial .
Editors and reporters are tired of hearing about it since he has been vicious for long .
Women converge on this place to light joss sticks and climb the rock .
There is a button on the page that is easy to use .
It seemed difficult , keeping up with the buffaloes .
The Gaiety Theatre is decorated very ornately .
maybe I could volunteer to help with adult literacy or homework help for elementary schools but on the other hand , I 've already had children
Education about science .
Yeah they did an amazing job of making that person age through the years , except that last part .
Mainichi Shimbun was critical of Keizo Obuchi , the new Liberal Democratic Party Leader .
There is a full-time attorney at the Women 's Haven already .
And really old coins .
The creation apparently took a week , supposes the reading .
Many observers view it an extreme step to lower costs and increase efficiencies .
Do you have to get shade tolerant grass ?
On Menorca , where cold winter winds limit the season 's length , this is especially true .
I do worry that it might be a bad lesson for the kids .
The Ford Escort worked even with a blown head gasket .
Social Security benefits are useful for the worker in securing their retirement and financial freedom when they reach seniority .
She claimed not to be sentimental .
Some scenarios allow for supplemental data to be used in lieu of primary data .
You can try to do it if you 'd like to join .
These top dogs face two challenges .
I 'm curious as to where you 're going .
Some weekly store sales turn out to be a year-round sale scams .
Japan became the local supplier for Korea .
There are several major theories about why people save .
The Last Punditus Interruptus
My mother was domineering since she filled in my father 's shoes .
There are a number of nude beaches .
Agencies need sound financial and program information for good management .
White House murder mystery has other works before this one .
I think that person was dark and shaven clean .
The famous old pontoon bridge with its seafood restaurants , served from 1910 until 1992 .
Greuze did n't worry about needing protection .
The two islands still have many activities that are n't yet tainted .
You can travel light .
Who knows where they will turn up next .
The award which Bailey was selected for several times in the past is going to handed out once a year .
This is an easy one .
Simpson through the unpredictable nature of the what will happen .
It was built in 105 BC by the Ptolomies .
My kid will be doing a few hours for me .
GAO 's past work talks about achieving the first knowledge point .
The history of Istanbul is the subject of the show .
Thanks for all your help .
Our church has a garage sale each year .
He found a way to portray strength without putting troops in harms way .
Current generations ' increased saving would expand the nation 's capital stock , allowing future generations to better afford the nation 's retirement costs while also enjoying higher standards of living .
Mr. Brown has made a plan for us to lead him .
There are many fine beaches along the shallow bays .
It 's working out so far .
The line considered introduces the work it is referencing .
The program covers units covered by the nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program .
She moved swiftly , her face pale .
He took the fierce looking blade .
For two hundred dollars he brought it to my home and set it up .
Slate should make an effort uncover the truth .
Would you cook a turkey or chicken in a barbecue ?
They had found a lot of water pouring down from the mountains .
Our heroes are going after their academic goals .
We went to the office to see if there was anything we could rent .
The Fray is known as a hostile , rude , and mean place .
I 've never itemized before .
I believe you can help a kid with college , but not pay for the entire thing .
It is possible that they have overestimated how far the CPI is off .
The latest privileges are adequate
They have no knowledge of it themselves .
The chest was n't big enough to completely contain all of the garments .
Boca da Corrida Encumeada is a moderate text that takes 5 hours to complete .
I agree .
If she was n't , how were they sure Jane Finn was in possession of the papers ?
The gears he examined were lined with jewels .
It will never happen as long as there are congressmen and senators taking kickbacks from different companies .
We have a female governor now , and she is going to go through with it .
You might think of the possibility .
The Hearing Aid Compatibility Negotiated Rulemaking Committee is a product of the Federal Communications Commission .
I would cook and then the next turn would be his and we would try to outdo each other .
I did n't much .
Channel 8 came here fourteen years ago from OKC and it 's doing great now .
Did you see that ?
There is regulation of the postal delivery service .
You should get to work soon so you do n't get in trouble .
She told him to give it to her .
Human capital management has to be at the center of the changing effort
Star Wars can be seen in theaters .
Most salamanders ca n't stir a fire that deep .
In August 2001 , there was personal communication between P. Croteau and Babcock Borsig Power .
The Pantheon can be found immediately around the corner .
Santorini has smaller sibling islands that are worth exploring .
Staffing levels at the ports are maintained or increased as headquarters ' staff is streamlined .
The girls was at least eighteen years old , but not much older .
Agra 's monuments are being damaged by pollution .
Ca ` daan kept his word , leaving Whitebelly and borrowing Gray Cloud from a relative .
It 's not anything
The AILA joined the ACLU in requesting the information .
There are many Gothic and Renaissance buildings there .
When we went to Delaware , we would usually see the ocean .
Many arguments and negotiations go into each edition of DSM .
Was it candle grease ?
There was a terrible attack during a 16-day reign .
They consider the West African music to be worldly since they do not rely on folk styles .
Many tapes were taken in the white house
The experiment ended with Ahkenaten 's death .
It 's a hilarious story .
On the west end of the square is the Old King 's House which was built in 1762 .
He ca n't remember the last 12 years of his life
It is all about waiting .
I was thinking about strangeness of a piece of brown paper being in that spot .
Now go .
It 's good to have an animal the kids can play with .
Every one of them is quotations from the Old Testament .
The contrast between the highlands and the coast were easily marked .
By morning , they would burn to the ground .
Tuppence admitted something .
Oh wow , go on .
Dublin 's pubs are worth seeing even if you are n't a drinker .
Upon calling his boss 's home service , the politician did n't take too kindly to a message from an ` admirer ' .
The doctor believed that the theory was correct .
There is a palace which can be toured in Honolulu .
This is an actual verified number of closed cases .
Trial Living Things
I am content so far .
A secret needs two people .
She could see through them all .
Judge Newton had heard the second point numerous times .
The codes have caused some of my friends to become Orthodox .
Good Oklahoma has a program to fund lawyers .
A martini must be composed by gin and vermouth .
There is more than one side .
Summer brings with it swarms of people .
Federal government saving affects economic growth .
John was attracted to the farmer 's pretty wife .
My departure was n't properly planned .
He shrugged .
Independent evidence that supports information in the database is called corroborating evidence .
Mr. Clinton appreciated Mr. Knight for his fund raising .
Tommy 's appetite was huge .
Wayang Siam is the most popular form of shadow theater .
The entity should not be seen , only heard .
The maharaja allowed the British to build houseboats on the lakes .
Usually there 's a 10 minute time limit , but they 'll say you have a few seconds to go !
Co-requesters can not approve more co-requesters .
The paper shows , the journalists exposing potential conflicts of interests around politicians , but never exposing other journalists .
It will be reconfigured in January .
Julius said good bye at the car .
Agency officials need to identify the components that helped them .
He winced and apologized for any confusing speech , sometimes .
He said that I had no instincts .
Chapter 1 shows general info
You need to pass through it on foot .
She just used a phone modem and it was like she was sitting in the office .
Tuppence , showing careful consideration , said `` I understand '' .
Also , questions can require nested case studies , so wrap your heand around it .
Public health authorities believe that people should eat kale many times a week .
The village has a restaurant .
It would n't have mattered if Britain got involved .
Another quarter billion dollars or more was earmarked to pay down debt .
Carmel Man is n't alive today .
it was earnt
Critics are reluctant but ultimately they are forced to respect the Vienna Modernist .
White townsfolk in Salisbury , N.C. think it sounds convincing .
The runs would be a bigger cost than the improvement in service would bring .
Publishers say one things about Times ' drawing of lists from bookstores , while Times claims a different story .
The way the islands are called is based on the force of the wins they experience .
How will you contact your potential employers ?
Scutari is generally linked with Florence Nightingale .
37 hectares is equivalent to just over 90 acres , and is the size of the gardens above the Wag Wag River .
The rules were issued as interim rules and not general notices of proposed rulemaking .
It is difficult to catch some bugs .
Without the Nile river , Egypt could not exist .
There is nowhere I want to go .
Clothes criticism is not serious .
He was attracted by the waterfalls and river .
Jobs clung to an idea .
Is there a matching program ?
Probably it just was n't achievable to begin with , no new taxes , with the way the economy is right now that is a absurd thing to do
I think it was Sherlock Holmes ?
The lawn mower will sink into the mushy lawn and pull up the grass .
I suppose you can get over that .
Safed is a village that goes by numerous other names .
`` Ocho Rios '' means eight rivers in Spain 's national language .
She asked about him .
This person I 'm close to is an emergency room nurse at a hospital in North Carolina .
I did my best to understand it .
Employer sponsored pension plans give workers money so that they can save for retirement .
That 's cool .
It 's not something that can be made illegal .
The well-known pub was named after a burglar .
Richer people might have a tax increase .
I have also , and I found it real interesting .
There is a question of who should go first .
The government needs to create incentives to get and retain employees .
There are piles around the hole .
The Massabielle quarter is a very touristy place .
They were sitting across from each other at breakfast .
I jumped while wearing a coat .
IDAs are special in that low-income savers receive matching funds from federal and state governments .
An investigative journalism cover story , investigated how the Pentagon disposes of surplus weapons .
The Czesiek had plenty of experience .
The Supreme court upheld the ban because South Carolina has no right to make referendums .
DO you want a cup of tea ?
Toobin spoke through a random House spokesman .
There is a need for everyone to be personally and professionally visible .
They looked all over the cliff , looking for the hole .
The two actors acted well .
Documenting nonjudgmental information can pose more difficulties than documenting the basis for judgments .
The speaker is excited by the situation .
You should n't be speaking out against it .
The children can just go to daycare .
What is your opinion of gum chewing in public ?
Was it not good ?
He believed Mademoiselle Cynthia guiltyand you were unaware ?
Troues had two outlet centers which sell clothes and home accessories .
In the classical Greek era , Alonissos was highly regarded .
He disputed that we should provide the most we can with the least amount of harm .
There is an art museum with a superb collection of 16th-century Mughal miniatures that the Varanasi Hindu University .
I will not continue to outline any more problems .
It was designed to be a smaller version of the Parthenon .
The NIPA measure reflects how government savings affects national saving available for invest , but the unified budget measure is more commonly used .
Your speeches upset people .
We have to look at the base again .
My group was one of the first to get laid off last year .
That 's convenient .
Pieces are unloaded and fed into machines to sort
He does not open .
The 18th century caravanserai is now a hotel .
The state parks have six shelters on their grounds .
The two cities did not have a railway between them .
They show different types of highland dress .
He raised his arm to protect his eyes from the glare .
GAO evaluators should not have much more difficulty with the chain of evidence .
They used salt to cure fish and sent it back home .
The research says that the acceleration in labor productivity is due to the investment in information technology .
Despite the predicted increases in food production , less-developed African nations will improve or decline .
LASNNY is an old legal services organization .
`` Are we definitely going to be successful ? ''
These men were two thousand miles from home when they filed their final exams .
This is officially the solution .
Mardi Gras is also sometimes known as Shrove Tuesday .
The wrongful death suit was filed by the baby 's father .
News says that a lot of America 's volunteers are not helping .
LSC has a deadline of October 1,1998 to submit state planning reports .
The fourth title in the CAA related to acid deposition .
There are some questions that may or may not need to be tailored to .
The hosts were Norman and Colleen ; and , they did a marvelous job .
The French map of 1778 shows the theater of war between the British and Americans .
You can ride a roller coaster there that goes high up .
`` I 'm attending the dinner dance and will eliminate some people , '' the boy said .
Great actors can assimilate themselves into their roles .
Chinese antique 's value change not always from age .
The globalization of economies is not reflected in global accounting standards .
Israel could 've killed Saddam and saved everybody some trouble .
My honest friend expressed gratitude upon hearing that the man would be leaving .
A stunning six foot blonde woman sat at the bar with the men after work .
It was a good event .
The men are here , he said .
Those who study human misery will savor the sadness and futility .
Mr. Inglethorp , you have heard your wife 's last words here .
The regulations were created over the course of more than two hundred years .
Since they are independent , they have more things to do .
What do you think about our new governor being a female ?
She thought that the sleeping draught she took could cause no harm .
You may have to search a bit before you find one that works for you .
Legal Services of New Jersey is one of the named defendants in the case .
First evidence of pre-Roman Etruscans .
Control activities happen everywhere in the entity .
They had the volunteers do data entry to help track contributions .
It was over fifty years ago .
She mentioned approaching the law with a holistic approach /
His son was losing interest in everything .
He leaned over Tommy , with thrill in his face .
He had a lot of experiences going on .
the right agency employees , help fix
Unable to be reached on Friday .
The NLADA sent Saunders .
The steps we have taken put programs for the employees in place .
I assumed that it was two o'clock in the morning .
When he was appearing , Boris looked at the clock and said , ` You are early . '
Your girl wrote that your farewell activity did n't go well .
Cost assignment is a process that identifies cost with activities , objects or cost objects
Alcohol related events that contribute to disease are often unreported by patients to their insurance companies .
I think it is something that we need .
There are tickets we have that are waiting for us .
Interest is almost always expressed in terms of percent .
Improving government readiness was aided by the GAO who issued a good amount of reports .
They have a bar , which is always packed .
The cloister overlooking the ocean is a nice spot to meditate and reflect .
Tuppence 's face showed disapproval .
The transformations between steps are explained .
At a later date the company informed us they canceled the program .
They had a lot more bullets than we did .
Some analysts wanted to make the old standards less restrictive for investors .
the Henry Kaiser foundation shows that people like their healthcare
IDPA 's OIG 's mission is clear and cares about payment programs .
You do not believe that it will serve as a deterrent
John Kasich dropped out of the presidential race .
The small number will go into a larger sum over time .
They managed to reach a shrubbery close by without issue .
Some movies , like Chima Para Diso , are shown for free .
I enjoy older music .
I 'll warn you despite your protests .
Tim Russert , host of Meet The Press took his Christmas vacation five days sooner .
Not open on Friday .
When it comes to therapy services the policies and procedures are not relevant .
It is not the optimal approach .
R&D is made up of .
He went back in just a few moments .
European members of NATO might consider the US 's efforts to be less credible .
The iron gate was rusty and it was swinging .
Those games are a lot of fun .
Turkey was part of the Ottoman Empire until 1923 .
Current generations ' increased saving would expand the nation 's capital stock , allowing future generations to more easily afford the nation 's retirement costs while also enjoying higher standards of living .
If he does a big strike , many people will suffer .
The strictest reading supposed that the creation took seven days .
Ca ` daan did not follow his own advice .
Decline in elasticity of demand moved from 0.36 to 0.25 over the same period .
It started the rise of the British Empire in India .
They made accusations about the platform .
His reporting on the '72 campaign was very well-done .
I think lower income and lower education are related .
SCR technology retrofits differ from FGD systems .
The aniseed drinks have a good smell to them .
You should go after punching the button .
The armies of Mayar launched an attack on Lorraine and Burgundy .
The man exclaimed that he would leap , and he did just that .
Zelon admitted to being speechless .
The call is coming from somewhere in the house .
A majority of pagers in the United States were disrupted by a satellite malfunction .
He said not to worry .
She often eats vegetables unless she 's having french fries .
Clinton may have had intercourse with a woman .
Squatting look uncomfortable .
You can go to the platform at the foot of the first cascade by walking on steps alongside the water .
The aromatic drinks are produced in the area .
These are Hunan lives
Pro-Microsoft analysts say that was a sacrifice for the company .
A firm price is established in the contract .
The FFC conducted the Government/Industry Forum in March 1998 .
A list of people those believe better than others will not prosper the economy .
Additionally we have many great pictures .
Whales can not be compressed well .
Tommy Hilfiger , Donna Karan , and the Gap produce popular sportswear .
Yes .
The organizations usually allowed individual members who are working for others now , to still participate .
They may be valuable .
I could move soon .
The walkway narrowed as Jon stepped out on the bridge .
Between Gaza and Petra , there is a Nabatean trading town .
The attack on their premises came from the left .
Lucy wanted to know .
GAGAS offers guidance to auditors for compliance purposes .
Critics think that the sensibility took away from the film .
Oldman made himself a crazy creature .
Sir James thinks it 's absurd .
Econometric model is an equation of related equations used to analyze economic data with math
The weather has been getting warmer in the past few weeks .
Poirot went into the Analytical Chemist .
Natalia asked Greuze if it was logical to take him down there .
Lots of judges and lawyers gathered for the event .
The guy has his owns pigs .
Country is often associated with things like hay bales and drinking whiskey .
Tuppence was not immediately recognized by him .
The process of becoming an artist was compared by Ellison and Hemingway to becoming a man .
It 's pretty normal to have a few hundred degree days out here .
On his Birthday Strom Thurmond announced his retirement from the Senate Armed Services Committee in one year .
That could not happen in a world that was n't insane , either .
The final rule is n't meant to have a retroactive effect .
Guarding its doors are two lions made of bronze , who also abide by the principles of feng shui .
The magazine publishes a lot of stories on celebrities .
Disney 's CEO thinks ABC 's downturn is cyclical .
We 've planted flowers that were impossible to plant when we were in San Antonio .
One of the missing benefits is associated with better health and an increase in environmental quality .
I did not follow the mentality in Dallas , of liking only one team .
The campaign got less a fraction of what the Nashville fund got .
Managers can better apply the standards to their operations by reading the additional information .
No one will bug you .
The programs at the center were not connected to each other .
It 's hard to predict where they will turn up .
Tarpley is a better offensive player that Herb Williams .
Fixing the damage could never be done .
I think we need to thank you as well .
I think it would be a lot more work and it would n't turn out as good
This helps workers understand the restoration of the program 's long term goals .
Some tobacco executives told Congress nicotine is not addictive .
Critics lauded their work .
I will be assuming that the 6.0 a cost of the Postal Service to take the mail from basic to workshared condition is constant .
A member can receive promotional items for traveling .
But how do you know when a choice is good or bad ?
Difficulty of reporting standards can be a huge obstacle for this business model .
It can entail prospective and retrospective designs .
The administration is under constant investigation .
I am aware , madam , of how you feel .
There are federal audit entities that use GAO ' system .
Slate 's publishing schedule will be altered next week .
I do n't want anything to do with it , no doubts about it .
If the USEPA has an Ambient Water Quality value availalbe , pesticide concentrations should not exceed those values .
She gave the girl clothes , gifts and pony rides . That 's hard to compete with .
Louis XIV cared a lot about centralization .
Fresh products of Irelands seas , rivers , and farms are what New Irish Cuisine is built upon .
Those young children ca n't comprehend it .
Then what is your worst ?
Dana , you are interesting to talk to .
The cost of work and the value of improved service would be considered in this situation .
The wax models are on display .
Adrin heard of a famous young king in the south .
We are the only hope our clients have for legal assistance .
She was dead this morning .
We do n't want to use chemicals on our lawn
AC usage for mercury control should be related to total coal facilities MWe .
`` It 's for us to be active and out there . ''
A historical re-enactment of colonial Macau is home to many traditional Chinese establishments .
Arafat arrested over a thousand suspected terrorists .
I have to research a cause carefully before donating money to it .
A few major federal audit entities use the GAO system .
At last , she has been alone with the president !
I watched as he built the house , story by story .
Some people are sexually abused .
Tuppence 's front door bell ran and disturbed her silver polishing .
The building is schedule to open next fall .
The concert by the two saxophonists drew raves from critics .
` You set fire to my home and it burned down . '
This leads to a final press-friendly quality of McCain ' brilliant flattery .
The vandals were kind enough to leave the inlaid stones .
All testing related to data reliability will be included .
The man probably heard the spatter of his urine or the change in his breathing patterns .
I wanted to mow the lawn today but I could n't because it 's so mushy .
Is it from personal parties or the phone answering things ?
The departures help them take advantage of the low cost of living in other areas .
You must be careful of people lying to you .
Book your activities through Red Sea Sports .
The treasures were removed by a bunch of vandals .
It was wrong to say too much .
When you only pay $ 15 per month , it takes a long time .
We think reporting should be enhanced as it has a vital connection with projection statistics .
Look here , you have been throwing a volley of questions my way .
Postal Service data is used to define the relationship between cost and drivers .
Obviously , the answer is yes .
There are six applications for case study methods .
Because the policy was a success , I was able to make a contribution to my people .
One of them had their hair braided .
The dates for the semifinals have been determined .
The Crosethe Rue De Rivoli was built for Cardinal Richelieu to live in .
I also did .
On cool days , I wear a flannel shirt to the office .
The clinton women were in their 20 's
It 's shortsighted to think that Clinton 's approval rating is a sign of the nation 's immorality .
The Indigenous Project is run by the Oregon Law Center .
The original verdict of the jury was the death penalty .
Gerth won prizes even though he did n't mention a CIA report .
The Emperor Theodosius , in 392 , proclaimed Christianity to be the official religion of the Roman Empire .
The restaurant is based off a classic Castilian style .
Beaune is the best place to buy from for beginners .
`` I truly believe that that 's really important . ''
The panels will collect advice , along with data from representatives of the affected entities .
The Carmel market in the Yemenite Quarter is very busy .
We need to think .
I prefer not to travel .
The farming chemicals are filtered by the ground .
In that circumstance , discrimination in price is fine .
The same order is still around after many years .
Art Cooper used a substantial sum of money to buy a farm .
In Exhibit 3 there are the total national emissions od NOx and SO2 from all sectors .
The governor 's mountain lodge used to own these gardens , however the building was destroyed by the Japanese .
I thought he would show where he hid .
The us has a legal services delivery system
The Valley of Loire .
She swore to him that if he asked her someday , she would .
Somebody still needs to stay at home to care for the children .
I 'm going to try because you can see and touch the oil filters right there .
By accepting key recovery , companies will increase the risks that terrorists will have to deal with .
Congress determined that Commission should recover over $ 126 in costs .
Dallas has been having elections on zoning ; have you heard about this ?
Number 14 was with him .
She did n't respond .
He is too confident .
The Church of the Assumption is located underground through a Crusader arch .
There are 24 figures on the Rajabai Clocktower that symbolize the castes of the Maharashtra State , which Mumbai is the capital .
Only a few foreigners stayed on Dejima Island after the purge .
We try not to watch too much TV .
Revenue is received from forfeited property .
A CIO should guide technology solutions based on a company 's internal environment .
Although the Freedom of Information Act aims to protect information from being disclosed , information should still not be withheld from the GAO .
He took his time carefully placing the cards on top of each other .
` Will the train slow down ? The autopilot is damaged ' .
Hiking trail maps can be obtained at the Government Publications Center .
Perspectives can be analytical
According to some professionals , cooler times are the best for getting a catch .
Buddy , I just ca n't answer all those questions .
The has-been skit involved sending out former performers to struggle and fail .
The cathedral has a greater impressiveness during the night .
information is collected , analyzed , and then a report is written .
Overstaying a student visa will make pro bono assistance difficult .
The rules developed in the interim were put together with these comments in mind .
Conversing to someone in the area is interesting .
Katachi roughly means , it is n't what you do ; it 's the way you do it .
The most ornate tomb -LRB- number 66 -RRB- , though not always accessible , is of the renowned Theban queen Nefertari .
Chapter 1 introduces Leonard Franklin Slye .
i told him i do n't weigh that much
Social values play a role in determining the content of the DSM .
family-planning organizations agree with the Clinton administration about certain things .
The green glow painted everything around them after the rain had stopped .
I ca n't remember .
We chaotically exclaimed as we all jumped up in a frenzy , `` But the door was n't unlocked ? ''
One can charter a yacht in Marina del Rey .
He turned to Tommy next .
Lind thought that enough soldiers would die that the US would have no choice but to leave .
Lord , I 'm envious .
Duke says we can use the environment to our benefit .
The Weekly Standard and Washington Post have opposing views on how the U.S. will approach Lee .
Government 's ability to force payment is how excise taxes are calculated .
The Victoria Terminus used to be where people departed to explore the inland area , but now it 's mostly for suburban transportation .
Let 's have tea .
Barlow and Dyson believe that book publishers may disappear .
What are we going to eat for lunch ?
I spent 22 dollars on the parts .
Flodden Wall was built after the Lang Siege took place , in the 1570s .
That worked for me when I did it throughout college
She sounded doubtful about it .
White will be a long ways away from Little right now .
I am going to have someone landscape , since I always have someone do it .
Women who have become rich and famous by telling everyone else how to be better are making people fed up .
Tommy cried out , waiting for an answer .
Their unique traits has created many customs and practices .
Annette told me you escaped .
McGrath says that Lillian Ross ' affair was not portrayed correctly .
He was Decatur County 's Court judge for one year .
The Morant Point Lighthouse was built in the 19th Century .
I 'm from Virginia and I remember summers being full of humid days .
There is a good view of the bay .
There was a 2001 hearing involving an IRS Act and IRS Funding .
Clarisse and Onardo both asked how San Bernakedino is .
I do not think that you understand the risks you are taking .
Both the Globe and respectable media have become sleazy .
that 's great see you later
I am not sure .
Thorn said she should show it .
Yeah , America 's spending so much for international aid so they could be training and paying their own people at the same time .
From where will they make tax money ?
There exists a 1994 Contract With America
They scared more about empathy than actions .
AFFIRM was founded in the year 1979 and includes many professional members .
You wo n't need to pack much .
A man called Tokyo Joe omits information where he has lost money in deals .
Buffalo is showing some real promise for the next few years , I think they are an up and coming team .
Ca ` daan felt the heat on his skin .
There was an altar and a pillar on the platform .
In 1923 the capital was moved to the city of Ankara .
This pattern is familiar to us .
You have to dig them up every five years , throw them away and then start all over again .
A series of studies on pollution and it 's effects .
What state are you at ?
I do n't know even though I visited the area .
The CFO Council and the OMB have joined forces to work on the priority initiatives .
The exhibits within the appendix shoe the initial phase of the technological implementations .
Goodnight , and take care .
Many hotels in Lakeland have a cost-effective option of dinner , bed , and breakfast with an evening meal in .
The Sons of Egg attacked him in the hospital and were trying to reach the camp .
As we were well aware , the odds were not favorable .
Locally and nationally , their ideas can be applied .
The living is nothing compared to the glamour of the Ritz , he said sadly .
New England Republicans led the GOP .
The SBA has given the go-ahead for the FCC to divide this service into two tiers of small business .
Reed 's talents will be begged for by people across the country , according to Republicans .
You can ask local residents where to find them .
There is some political extremism .
We were no longer trying to solve the problem .
I 'm sure they did
It was suggested that I go to Paris to visit with a specialist
Tommy was being indignant .
The case law is a whole entity unto itself .
It might be beneficial to start using capital punishment again .
The lake is full of fresh water and measures 36 miles around .
You can by all sorts of products and food here .
I assumed he reprogrammed the autopilot .
What happened to chaos ?
James said Legal Services helped him a lot .
There had a doctor who assisted us through the Coroner .
The marching owl band was known for its comedy abilities .
Be careful of the overseer .
The capital moved from Calcutta to a new city .
She 's going to step down from the court in the winter of 2002 .
The nation 's income is divided into portions .
L.A. 's Garment District is located southeast of central Downtown .
A document was published about the FDA 's jurisdiction over cigarettes .
I saw Tipper with him at the movie .
The shape of the face changes over the course of generations .
Personal savings have declined .
Ricky Martin is a gay porn star .
The text has a potential for realism that is unrealized .
Ancient Egyptians use papyrus leaves for paper .
The ANC would be in charge of land reform .
EPA could n't ensure it was directing its efforts toward the environmental problem .
The layman 's suggestion was not unreasonable .
I was watching a program about NASA .
To create his portraits , De Wit used the likenesses of real monarchs .
People have to be on time for the work to be well made .
Indeed we got away from the original subject .
The fund collects interest much like a large commercial account .
His knees were giving him problems .
Congress told LSC how to run their business affairs .
Your support is unwavering .
So that must be what you chose to do ?
The net saving does not include federal saving
Managers often gather their information anecdotally or informally .
The production of entertainment films is elaborate and large scaled .
Higher GDP growth in recent years has been contributed to increased investment .
Detailed implementation plans are necessary to address business system , processes and resources
Air conditioning is the primary reason for the demise of outdoor gathering .
The research that went into this report is potentially faulty .
Math is used to analyze economic data
Ataturk was the father of the Turkish nation .
This instance stinks .
Desegregation was becoming disbanded in Charlotte thanks to the magnet schools .
We have some money on there
They expelled him from Rand because he commited a crime
I guess it is ninety two .
A traveler said the settlement was prospering .
Turin was possible due to new centralized control and collection of taxes .
Accuracy and speed were included measurements on the scorecard .
They do n't do that and it 's not permitted .
The setup rewards political lobbying .
I am interested in what you 'd say .
More than a million people gathered to celebrate mass when Pope John Paul II visited in 1979 .
There needs to be some serious fiscal housecleaning by European nations .
The converstaion made him curious .
Fish is not an upbeat pragmatist .
Someone likes to get comments from readers of a paper .
Both football and baseball .
In South-Eastern Maidan you will find the Academy of Fine Arts .
Altogether there were 130 lawyers striving to serve 550,000 vulnerable and less fortunate individuals in the state .
Managed risks lead to new products
It has rained enough to flood everything here and make rice pattys .
I could see that my friend had been humiliated by the situation .
Nash appeared at a New Year 's Eve party with only a diaper .
Indeed , you will get a prize .
Roy had to sell bottles to make money .
They are able to have the same vision because of their previous involvement .
The Celts arrived during the Roman withdrawal .
Pay attention and you will see beautiful Renaissance doorways and courtyards .
We can acknowledge there is fallout from globalization around the world .
Czarek was welcomed into the group by the farmers .
The young man became more confident .
The other villages and settlements are not as developed .
They were certain .
Mrs. Inglethorp asked for a fire in spite of that .
Cambridge , Manchester and Sheffield are all in Jamaica .
Blankley replies , there are fundraisers in other parts of the country to raise `` the conservatives are coming '' .
oh , does it do that ? of course
Changes in technology will change how certain control activities are implemented .
Wanniski and company have been drubbed by the Wall Street Journal
It would be helpful if we could have a soft and hard copy of your comments .
Tigon is definitely part of GTE now .
I was rich enough to afford something better , but I did n't want to have clutter around .
Even if they say its more positive than what it seems we will have to go to a counseling session .
GM lost a lot of money in labor disputes .
I am not sure .
The media chastises users for picking unsafe passwords and system administrators for not implementing effective security precautions .
A number of these towers , which were built to guard against invasion by Napoleon , were built along the coast in the 19th century .
There are n't a lot of firm that can boast 40,000 different workplace locations .
The avenue goes towards the Divan Tower and the Grand Vezir 's Office .
Tommy replied and then worked on his recital .
The museum attached to the cathedral has art in it .
They must get out of the vehicle to go to the mailbox .
It might be possibly to make less frequent deliveries .
Not everybody get 's that opportunity .
You can hire the equipment needed for windsurfing at Bat Galim Beach .
It was built to deal with the Nile flood .
The stresses affected people as the researchers expected .
We need men to help us spike the river .
Numerous elegant blue and yellow ceramic tiles of Persian origin embellish it .
Some of the allegations might be true .
He looks disengaged and very worn out .
Buchanan decided to seek the presidential nomination after he had been criticizing the GOP .
The show will be held in the woods of Maryland .
LSC was told by Congress no longer could grantees be funded presumptively and funds have to be distributed on a basis that is competitive .
There are no defenses in St. Barts .
Maybe if the industry comes , they will build good schools here .
There is a steam train looping around the bay to Le Crotoy .
There are a number of 16th century houses there .
800 families lived on Madeira by the middle of the 15th century .
You know how long they 're supposed to take it
When she awoke she said her name was Jane Finn .
In your decisions age is a big factor
Spring is the best time to go hiking in the Aegean because of the weather .
Right , the preseason is not really important either .
If the situation is that , you should kill them .
This discussion is intriguing and great points have been made .
Your mistress wrote letters last night .
It has a Messrs stamp .
The rural route is on average 55 miles .
Not a single person in Large would have the intentions of hurting us .
Stark 's hand filled up with San ` doro 's blood .
It too was locked inside .
i 'm surprised by how far away you are
It likely was irrational for Kodak to look forward to a true victory .
Successful tin mines were owned by the Malay but administrated by the Chinese .
The Gaiety theatre is a must visit just for its beautiful decor .
The Bob Marley Museum was taken over by the Marley family after Bob died .
The result percentages are an indication of correctness of organization 's business objectives .
She put her hair up .
Buddhist and Hindu culture and elaborate court rituals were instituted by the rulers .
The community service will proceed if Clinton allows it .
The Federal Mission PP is Chapter 3
They do not mind having nude people .
The one that was first to learn was the one we anticipated to be timid .
It is called Service Merchandise here .
The NA SIRE represents state chief information officers .
There was also me .
I live in Dallas and work for a tire center and my friend works for TI .
There is no reason he should n't be .
There was one thing that I had been worried about .
If you have time , it is relaxing .
A group of related people .
it 's heavy when it 's self propelled
The proposed rule was published .
The paper deals with theories of fiscal policies .
He was able to take much of the princes ' individual fortunes for the State , but it was more difficult to wrest power from land owners in contact with the conservative elements of the Congress Party .
Air with increased water content .
I have strong views on it when I think the crime merits the punishment .
Critics say Goodman has an instinctive grasp of familial dynamics .
The fanciful stone carvings on the pillars ' base are what made the Victorian-Gothic building famous .
Number of deletions was insignificant .
2466 discusses four collections .
There is a tympanum of Jesus above the entrance to the nave .
Discussed in the preamble are comments based on FCIC .
There is a lot more .
600,000 Irish died or were deported due to his ruthless campaigns .
In the Northeastern United Stated , they hike with all of their supplies on their back .
They were happy for the cold air and water .
Local advertisements are ugly .
Macau Palace is a casino that has what are known locally as hungry tigers .
Farm performances
Flat-bottomed boats are recommended for anyone sailing along the river .
This tax type allows governments to borrow at lower rates .
Iraq has always wanted to control that area since 1922 .
Subsidiary or branching paths are laid out after the materials are searched for counterevidence .
It is nice that people remember .
They just supervise people .
That is frightening .
The old lady was in pain .
Doctor Perennial was standing when the evil drill sergeant woke up .
Fiss ' discusses the state 's interest in media use in his book .
I can sense his presence .
This is not the optimal approach .
TV has a lot of crime shown on it .
Ca ` daan just saw Adrian 's skill with his rapier .
I played ball in college .
Tuppence and Jane were by the door .
They should have ample financial capacity upon release .
There is an ongoing restoration which hopes to restore the pleasure gardens to their original splendor .
Auditors may use an engagement letter to communicate .
We were never assured of it happening in time and we knew this full well .
Carrey 's Kaufman was diagnosed with cancer before deciding to do a show at Carnegie Hall .
The plateau is very wide and very long .
Ancient priests predicted floods with the Roman Nileometer .
It 's a location I enjoy being at .
The place is definitely worth visiting , especially for its theater .
I have no knowledge of that .
Those organizations affected by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 viewed the reporting requirements positively .
AT&T and MCI are against the tax and have chosen different ways to handle it .
It will be gigantic .
The new Alpine state was destined to unite Italy .
Interpreters will be distributed by the APALRC company .
John Knox was someone who read the Bible .
H-2A aliens have short periods of time in the United States .
Political cleansing did not happen .
In the marina is where you can eat while being around expensive boats .
Istanbul 's wealthy citizens live on the wooded shores of the strait .
Agencies may wish to perform the analyses required by sections 603 and 604 .
He ate mostly carbohydrates in the form of bread .
Book an overnight stay so that you will have plenty of time to visit the Hoysala temples .
Gore enlisted during Vietnam .
Mandatory account proposals are likely to increase savings by forcing people to save .
Pearl River is the fifth longest river in China .
It is a rare situation that lets me make everybody happy .
The early Etruscans ? Nobody knows much about them .
I have n't put that together yet .
I did a thumb print , that was very easy. , you know ?
There is an Azalea Festival at the Nezu Shrine .
Most people on death row end up living out their lives awaiting execution .
Detroit Pistons played better last year
It persisted even after I rejected it as an absurdity .
Sometimes we throw the week old newspapers away without reading them .
Trudeau was queried by Chatterbox about his quote .
There is an imbalance in ingoing vs outgoing mail .
Onwards to 1994 and beyond .
My daughter 's a teenager and so she gets mad whenever I do that .
Being totally supportive of a more comprehensive business model is not something regulators may do .
The Department of Labor 's interim rule is adopted pursuant to the authority contained in Section 707 .
It is plain for you to see that it is amplified .
A large number of Celtic-themed items is produced .
You can design your own plate or whole dinner service in Hong Kong .
The FBI has been looking into Maria Hsia 's background .
It has great views of the city .
Sugar was a luxury item .
He hovered over Tommy , with a deep color in his face from the thrill .
Price hikes are only possible if there is more money in circulation .
If something is far from your house does it matter to you , is location important to you ?
Clinton allegedly told Blumenthal that Lewinsky made unwanted sexual advances towards him .
The buildings in Kastro are dated back to the 14th century .
No direct descendent of mine will ever be a guest of the Today show .
A mailbox needs to be on a traveled route .
She has been discovered .
Outlawing guns like that probably would n't do any good .
Fans sit close to the action , because we can see relatively small crowds .
There is no expectation for us to vote on the matter .
The harbor can be seen from The Praya .
These guidelines were not used a lot .
Tommy was getting less certain about his ascendancy .
They attacked and killed the wagon man .
A Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis was published by the Commission in 1996
I am very fond of the Moody Blues
Which radio station plays that kind of music ?
He had somehow become more accustomed to facing chances .
Julius surmised that we were not correct at all .
I recited to them the various exploits and triumphs of Hercule Poirot for the remainder of the trip .
That is good .
That it depletes your availability from your children .
I most likely need to use a splint brace .
Now it is surrounded by old pillars and pricey stores .
Japan was anxious over suing for peace because of Allied demands .
Entire neighborhoods have been flattened just to make life easier for them .
This will take a long time to download onto your computer if you have a modem .
I can consume lactose , but not meat .
It 's lovely speaking with you .
Something adds up to about 8 percent of expenditures for two programs .
Howard Berman is a Democrat of the House .
Base year data will be actual receipt and outlay data .
I have n't watched the NCAA tournament this year .
A minimum of two shifts , they mentioned to us .
Es Pulols is Formentera 's premier resort village and is located near the coast .
It 's anti-democratic and takes the decision-making away from the executive branch .
Flipper was baked .
Almost 70 % of costs within finance are for routine accounting activities .
It costs more for nicely tailored clothes that you do n't need .
She is probably in shock now that she has her memory back .
Not many rulers had any hesitation in submitting to Fujiwara .
There is a Black issue that could be called something else now .
Some alligators suffer from albinism .
Cabourg is an old Channel resort .
Diving was banned in places other than Mykonos .
The employee got their job back .
Since they 're illegal , it would n't do us to to outlaw them all together .
There is a bathing complex past the gateway .
I cried at least once .
All agencies share some things in common in certain regards .
The Postal Service are assumed to not have significant scale economies .
The students responded strongly .
The second argument is addressed in this analysis .
You mean we were so near it constantly ?
There is a museum that is inside of the building .
I 'm also not entirely in agreement with that either .
She could n't stand on her own so she leaned against the bannisters until I found her .
`` Washington 's is a great place for a walk or a jog . ''
Searching for tigers requires great skill .
Each function 's cost can be seen in Table 1 .
Guidelines for the cast study .
Josephine is responsible for the slavery in Martinique according to locals .
The DO concentration has to stay above a certain level .
Jerry , do you support any team ?
Only 67 statues were able to be saved from the Revolutionaries destruction .
There are examples of cumulative case studies .
This has already been repudiated by the White House .
Monica Lewinsky was illegally taped by Linda Tripp .
Nobody would buy the stock if there was n't a discount .
To observe this kind of thing and know if you can do any .
CAS is a Condition Assessment Survey
References used in this instance include Gale/Sabelhaus , Perspectives on the Household Saving Rate , which is available for review .
Send the bill of your treat to Si .
My wife has a Bristol 355 , which I bought for her .
He went after the brute with an axe .
it gets it .
The scale being set on alcoholics being difficult to treat is from 0 to 7 .
There is no traffic in Fira , but there are donkeys .
The emergence of future leaders and the development of strong civic and political organizations was prevented because of hi authoritarian rule .
Straightened out for a bit , Humayun came back in 1555 with his army to recapture the provinces , but was stopped by an opium addiction .
Spock was unable to cure the impossible dream of American parents .
Turn the corner to find the Neo-Classical Pantheon .
Warm , sweaty temperatures .
There are a lot of people on death row , but not that many actually are executed .
SSA wants the authority to recover overpayments made to insurers .
If we had had enough money we would have more conferences .
Journey is somewhere between ninety and ninety four .
I have n't seen this old friend in over a year .
That is the second occurrence of that sort of remark .
The boy scouts go where there are good hiking trails and camping areas .
The pig tripled .
You can clean it up with some soap and water .
We do n't know anything about life past Earth .
The paper did not explain that .
The reward for actually breaking stories is empty .
it is hoped that the common interests will lead us to a consensus .
A peculiar temple , Kom Ombo is devoted to two gods .
They are coming to get us today .
The revolver was silver .
Visual arts are finally coming into their own in this city with the new museum .
Unfortunately his face had been mutilated in as least one way .
Program accounts are used to hold some appropriations .
A custodial activity by the collecting entity is accounted for as such if the collecting entity transfers the nonexchange revenue to the General Fund .
Efficient , low-cost mailstreams should be available to potential users .
The tradition in Dallas was that you had to like one only .
The 29th will be next Sunday .
Can not be done .
Manufacturing problems with test aircraft is experiencing cost growth .
Michael Mann directed it .
The men who are fixing power lines are tested a lot .
The setting truly comes alive with fewer people during sundown or out of tourist season .
It was said that Japan 's intention of progressing the languages of its Asian neighbors was n't dissimilar from the behavior of Europeans in Africa .
Economic growth continued apace , with many people employed by the railroad repair shop .
He did n't have an answer .
Bellagio 's water display was born from this well received show .
The load time is separated .
I 'm not sure if I got to vote in the last local one .
He does that all himself now , after we tried .
Time reported the FBI is looking for new leads in the case .
As long as a restaurant is close to me then it will be my favorite as long as the minimum criteria is met .
Isolated fetuses have featured on pro-life pamphlets in the aftermath of Roe .
That will be a person who plays music .
They are levied through the power of the Government to compel payment .
Discovery Bay has ferries going to it .
Governed by the great bendahara Mutahir with diplomacy rather than military force .
The Committee plans that LSC discuss this proposal with stakeholders .
There are some popular Aegean islands that are not introduced in the guide .
The cattle were merry .
Picture injecting nicotine into a vein compared to smoking a cigarette .
He was in very good health .
You could auction off the right to another bundle instead of doing unaddressed mail at rural post offices .
Chinese leaders have characteristics that give them an advantage over the US where foreign policy is concerned .
There is serious study needed to check .
When there is not a freeze during winter the mites are able to survive .
High Crimes is a poor book and is not excused by being rushed to press .
This example is about standards of living and economies .
Children are great to take along with you to the many restaurants and cafes .
The number of participants and a federal employment training program can be reported .
Stark 's neck was hit twice .
I stopped in my tracks
The approving official knowledge is in accordance with applicable laws , regulations , and legal decisions .
There were welts growing on each of the man 's cheeks .
Czarek was welcomed into the group .
We need to understand they have a lot of burden on their shoulders .
Newt Gingrich promised to make information available to loyalists and online at the same time .
The Commission ultimately declined to pursue the proposal .
Tons of people think about human factors but I 'm looking at IBM right now .
The cold , fresh mountainous air made them happy .
The person asked if the woman came to the other person .
Its lucky that you said it .
I think it would lead to resentment and it 's not something that is feasible for the country .
The staff is friendly .
AC Green is also a solid player .
Jon instructed Adrin to only shoot the ones that face us .
Jon began to lose his strength and defense .
He could have made an issue about the need to determine the impedance of the sky .
NIPA said mineral exploration is an investment .
He bent down to examine the decorated gears .
My choice of dishes was more judicious than yours .
I only water about two hours a week , I use one of those black soaker hoses .
Any point you did n't get by fixing the questions can be added to the executive summary for the news conference to address .
The wind was really blowing during the trip .
Randy 's Conclusions
The Lions of Delos are composed of Naxos marble .
Bradley is spiritual now .
The microbe 's tone was now lower than it previously had been .
Jon grabbed the man .
It does n't make sense that people have to pay income tax for other people .
I 'm glad I said it .
the movie had been out for months
They looked at the costs for rural delivery .
I suppose you have a shorter growing season where you are .
Was it something done in the spur of the moment , or was this already a plan for a long time ?
The WP runs a piece inside reporting
The Mad Torrent comes just after Gladstone 's Rock .
I very much agree with you .
Groups were formed to coordinate technology training around the state .
It was going to get very warm that day .
Every new thing seems to prove it .
4 million homes watch CBS , ABC and NBC .
Furnishings in the Drawing room are all reproductions .
That 's their sign .
The reliability of impressions can be measured at least partially by tabulating meetings .
There are people who are keen to buy my car .
It will get too hot in the summer if you start them in the spring .
The editors make sure they all get written in case of contingencies .
We are sure to invest in our workers .
Charles Brookes methods were different but superior to those of his uncle .
Purpose is one of the six elements that appeared .
I will agree with whatever I think sounds right .
Tom is the winner of this years contest .
I like the LA Lakers , Atlanta Hawks and Milwaukee Bucks .
You are aware .
The WRAP States may unanimously petition the Administrator to determine that the total emissions of affected EGUs are reasonably projected to exceed 271,000 tons
There is a direct correlation between Yanomamo killers and the amount of wives a man has .
What did they serve for lunch ?
Jim Lehrer has a lot of credibility , which is good for him .
You should already know the answer is yes .
John Panzar points out that it is cheaper for one firm to deliver goods than it is for multiple firms delivering to the same customer .
They obtained you because they wanted you .
Greenhouse gases have increased since the industrial revolution .
The author had several theories about the ways in which agency management can go awry .
They ca n't defend themselves .
I 'm not sure how long we 're supposed to talk for .
She opened her eyes .
I think this is a decent newspaper .
`` Just outside the window of the boudoir , I understand that you were sitting and reading '' , continued the Coroner .
The paper has exposed multiple politicians conflicts of interest , in the time it has been running .
They get some funding from the account .
It 's my turn to do this .
Jon was weary and feeling his age .
Half of the 160 women who sought shelter used the Legal Services .
Jordan controlled East Jerusalem .
Was the internet so great at advertising that Gross would pay $ 400 per person per ad , totalling spending $ 1000 per family or persuade adversisers to shell out an extra $ 400 to reach each customer ?
The entrance is also the home of several pieces of art including the Carlyle sculpture .
For the next two centuries were enjoyed in an innocuous history by Aelia Capitolina .
1995 marked the start of the LSC State Planning Initiative .
The Legacy Golf Club is outside the city limits .
if pH of scrubbing liquor falls below a range of 5.0 to 6.0 , additional reagent is required
Children today are symbols of success and status .
Surveys can estimate WTP by questioning respondents .
The Panagia Theoskepastos church contains a 14th-century icon , while the Catholic Cathedral boasts a tenth-century Madonna and Child .
It is a bargain as it is 60 cents .
Beginning again .
Slate can be download from MSN and its website .
They were acknowledge for the effective technology .
Participants risk losing their jobs and a significant portion of their retirement savings if their company files for bankruptcy .
Located in Kent , within the Gatehouse .
An annual net savings of $ 545 million has been estimated by the Department , says the report .
I like to dance .
Tuppence could n't speak .
they should let go the people in jail for misdemeanors
That is true .
Do you think our taxes are too high ?
He is showing that they guessed correctly .
The mailer 's perceived value of the improved service will be considered .
We got complacent after not getting captured for weeks .
I 'm a student , and I need the money I get by doing this .
A monster spoke to them .
We are considering setting up one of those inside .
Suddenly , I sat down and with my face in my hands , started crying .
He is capable to market his virtue , exploiting his legend .
Siddartha Gautama 's mother gave birth to him in the centre of the tree grove .
Operating conditions change over time and it is important to ensure that employees receive resources geared toward preparing them to face changes .
There are significant differences between the background of the children attending the school .
There are things that are more dangerous that ultimate fighting .
There are some professors that re an awful lot like Big Bird .
We once went to Florida and needed to rent a car .
On the second Tuesday of the month they were at the community courthouse .
Being a desert nomad , his politeness seemed strange .
It was something that was traumatic .
More than 30 pieces paying .
Austrians overtook norther Italy from the Spanish at the end of the Wars of Spanish , Austrian , and Polish Succession .
Remember to replace your towel and clothing .
Do you play sports on the weekend ?
We chaotically exclaimed , `` But the door was n't unlocked ? ''
Surely there 's something .
I have been thinking about this since I earned my degree , but I still do n't know for sure .
Sweat built up upon his face .
The country 's history has been turbulent .
Thousands of people drowned when tidal waves swept the island .
Adrin said they liked to perform more than they did fight .
The cost of fixing it makes it hard to bring it to a dealer .
Opium was smoked in Hong Kong until 1946 and banned in 1949 .
The Lake District is n't where to go when you want a lot of action .
Gauve asked his uncle if he trusted him .
His grandson chose Agra for the capital , not Delhi .
Walking is the best way to get through it .
Do you believe I should be worried ?
An example is policy wonking .
A symmetrical design with straight streets was visible on his plan .
How to reach lawyers is n't well known to people .
Mrs. Inglethorp did not drink it .
Take something from the Guess Who .
The GAO 's website can be found at www.goa.gov
He was very outgoing and extroverted , as well as nice to be around .
The bait for Tommy was the draft treaty .
There were at least two windows that she could see .
It was a portion of me at all times .
According to her , they lose their minds .
The current account balance can be improved slightly .
Auditors can use this site to find tools and resources and learn about best practices .
The Tomb/Pillar of Absalom has a large cone-shaped roof .
It is well .
The Ark is located in Eustace Street , and is a cultural center for kids .
The door was stuck , so it did not move .
Court officials include the phone numbers of legal aid departments .
If we travel for 90 minutes , we could arrive at larger ski resorts .
The environment was stable in the 1980s .
Software is constantly being updated and innovated .
It made me feel good that people remembered .
Its waters are polluted badly
Ricky Martin is in gay porn .
The St. Louis Cardinals were mostly a losing team .
You are demented , Beresford .
I can put pretty much anything in the ground , from beets to onions .
San ` doro was fighting .
Many people had to leave their homes .
Creole dances are learned from childhood .
Alright , I guess it 's a go .
Some interactions between workers can reduce value for consultants .
There were some art theaters that showed silent movies .
Budgetary resources is a term used to sum up the agency 's ability to take on obligations .
The speculation has been reduced recently .
Optimal times to really experience what the desert has to offer are at sunrise and sunset .
there have been disappointing earning reports from intel .
Historically , the town was once a trading post used by the ancient Greeks .
I was hit on the back of my head .
They let a woman and child remain , or it might have been the cat or sheep .
They 're right on the waterfront are n't they .
Jamaica was inherited by Columbus ' son , Diego .
The coma was caused by those people who were here around him .
Mr. Clinton appreciated Mr. Knight for his fund raising , said the news .
This analysis uses complex computer models to simulate transport and transformation of pollutants
The old market and Roman roads still exist today .
I wish it was as good here as there .
Slate 60 ranks American charity contributions .
It would not be possible if he was an assistant with a sick mom .
`` No ! '' I cried out in shock .
Jon asked Adrin to train .
He was able to double ghost .
Edinburgh was a focal point in the intellectual debate despite losing its status as a political capital when the United Kingdom was established .
I was anticipating an ad in the newspaper .
This looks really bad .
Star Pitiful Helpless Giant is a show on UPN .
It is beneficial to have certain key issues decided by congress rather than agency rulemakings .
All of the award winners are listed on the site .
Are you sure you did n't reveal who you are ?
The entire unified surplus being saved assumed , GDP would fall short of the U.S historical average .
She said she was very happy about the life she had led .
Some speculate that the Ramseys buried their daughter before they went on vacation .
Democracies probably wo n't go to war unless someone attacks them .
Most customers will tip in addition to the tax on the menus .
You will have to compete with Indians for seats on planes .
The man wrapped himself tightly in his cloak and was distressed about not having hair .
In a nutshell , this new costing area would need to be undertaken .
Copies for the public inspection should be ensured by the auditors .
Madrid became the capital of Spain as the decision of Felipe II .
If states provide better coverage than private plans , many employers will drop dependent benefits to save money .
Mother , trying to keep up appearances , asked if the trunk was big .
The US could invest more than it saved in the 1980 's and 90 's .
Las Vegas was the destination for pure fun for adults .
The Social Security program involves the combination of these two accounts .
It should be riskier to fly at a discounted rate .
There would be no need to pre-approve payments because the new system would automatically verify all receipts .
I 've gotten kicked out of those recently .
When I did it for four nights I did n't have heartburn .
Everything in a mall is available without the necessity of moving your car .
that was a nice experience
Bill Archer is a member of the House of Representatives .
A perfect solution may exist , but I do n't know of it .
Ile de R.
There is massive corruption in the political system .
Apparently it was not in the box office for very long , but I believe it was fairly decent .
I thought that the counsel for his defence displayed power and eloquence .
They were occupied with an ill person .
I never once said or implied you were a mandrake .
This data is used to model the behavior of access costs .
My article does n't say or imply that real earnings growth reflects only retentions and that dividend growth must be zero or that valuation techniques are unused for firms which do n't pay dividends .
It is possible that the Lingurian coast was populated by North Africans and eastern Europeans , whereas people from the Balkans and Asia Minor may have settled in the Adriatic and south .
During an ongoing assignment , GAO will inform requesters of substantive media inquiries .
The bully pulpit can be used to speak out against drug use .
They made sure the setting looked very convincing .
These supplies might require additional inspection .
A bit excessive , possibly .
I have camped out of my car before .
Weicker 's intentions have not been declared yet .
He told Tuppence that they should act now .
Some people love to visit during the heaviest monsoon .
Many of the 6000-plus inhabitants descend from the Huguenots .
He rode off into the smoke as Jon watched .
Clinton cleaned up the floor of an elementary school with a floor mop .
I knew the man .
Tommy handed Tuppence a shabby green notebook .
It would take some work to construe the things as support for supply-side economics .
From Intifada until now .
There is another layer to the surface .
In one sense their antics are justifiable .
67 through .67 d provide mechanism for limiting issue on which trial-type hearing is required allowing postal service to explain unavailability of the data .
Most people come to the church to see the beautiful exterior .
They ate breakfast that had been cooked in a cast iron pan .
The tool for control management .
Productions using puppets
He offered himself if needed .
Kind of a building period .
Just type in like they say .
I was prepared to accept that my idea was flawed .
Some critics think that it is a mystery how pimps have profited from women 's sexuality .
Edinburgh zoo is located behind Corstophine Hospital .
Her education was paid for by the military .
Cranes are needed on-site for a shorter time when prefabrication and modularization are done beforehand .
This is what Greenspan did in 1987 and what I think he will do again .
if surface transportation is not available , senders will pay air rates .
Local services programs are often forced to refuse people with serious legal problems due to a lack of resources
There was no evidence to suggest that the prisoner tried to hide the poison in the unlocked drawer .
They wanted to make the site very user friendly .
It works best to find things out from my friends .
They simply assumed that he 'd made a mistake .
Persians and Lydians
The grants flow from a Nonprofit Capacity Building program at the foundation , exemplifying a trend among philanthropists to give money to grow organizations .
John questions Reich in a hostile manner in the original .
My brain was not commanding properly .
His campaign to suppress the identity of the Kurds was successful .
Guards checked who went in and out .
Increased danger is coming from computer attacks at the Department of Defense .
The Initial net scale benefit is positive , with or without wage premiums .
I believe that is a very interesting point .
The narrows are still named Queensferry .
He got lost in loops of worry , but snapped himself back to his problem .
She would have been gorgeous if she 'd not had such light colored eyes .
I really do n't like to .
Give it a try .
Clinton 's supporters are stating that Starr is out of line .
Yesterday was the first time I had ever seen that .
Tuppence was not very gracious when she won .
Exercise is n't supposed to do that .
The accounting model needs to be updated in addition to the assurance model .
We make errors sometimes , and we have no problem admitting it .
His charges went up last week .
If a physician believes they are responsible for screening , it is more likely to happen .
The United States has much stronger warheads than China .
The Illinois Equal Justice Foundation just received money from the Illinois General Assembly .
The US did not intervene in the Rwandan conflict .
Verification of receipt and acceptance of goods and services is traditionally done using postpayment verification .
It was older than the old Empire .
He looked a lot older .
We are presenting the test by comparing percentages for each of the posts with estimated percentages .
China fought a civil war .
During the Cold War , the United States acted in accordance with its national interests .
The path leads to an amphitheater that was influenced by Romans .
Ibiza 's traditions and lore
If they go home they are n't breaking promises .
Now political debate flourished in Calcutta especially , where Karl Marx was appreciated .
I was wondering , what did you wear to work today Cynthia ?
Julius asked for an answer .
Paris is a magnet for all sorts of different types of people .
They would make pilgrimages to Jerusalem .
Suggesetions
The corner column 's design allow water to be drained from the roof .
That 's the world we live in .
Even if an agreement could not be reach we could say we tried .
The Edinburgh International Festival has been held annually since 1947 .
Indeed , they said .
Mallorca did extremely well .
I had a good laugh when I took it for the two thousand mile checkup .
You would have a prescription .
You informed me of a new perspective .
It is just this area .
We talked about the Nazi angle .
There are women in Turkey who prefer to wear the scarf .
Ok I will remember that . You serve that for yourself or a family .
Some corporations use atechnical facilitators .
That 's it , we just hang up , right ?
According to the NYT , training missions did not allow planes to fly that low .
Lately , I have not been as wild and curious as I used to be .
Children are welcome in many restaurants and cafes .
The kind of day that Waldemar Szary was having was not a good one , at all .
Clinton 's critights enjoy using Watergate to attack Clinton with .
Table 4.1 : Tax Provisions Related to Personal Saving
Research designs may be based on statistical inference .
Is it possible there would be a decline in all the Postal Service volumes ?
We did what we could to help .
The central porch depicts Jesus entering Jerusalem , his crucifixion and other stories from the bible .
It is only the start !
John dodged the tip of the sword .
It has table service .
Last year we were planning on doing that , but it was already 80 degrees .
Yes , that is a huge step .
The story has details about the killers ' actions .
In 1996 , the Commission published its Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis .
Ca ` daan closed the door as they entered , and bound it shut with rope .
He was trying to break free while sitting up .
Views on using research in education
He thought that they could n't go on shooting .
The relationship between quality of life instruments , health state utilities and willingness to pay patients with asthma .
Lively at night is Montmartre with all its famous clubs .
The average cost of MLS tickets were one-third the price of the NHL and NBA .
Currently there are many .
He 's not brave enough .
Julia was talking about the suitcase that she carried .
This spot is a great place to have a picnic .
Barnam puffed out his chest when Jon looked at him .
The Kal then nodded its head up and down .
Siddhartha Gautama was born in a tree grove .
The symbols below represent high-season rates in Hong Kong dollars .
The same intensity as trained upon redneck troopers and sheriffs has been brought to the campaign by Lewis .
Cesar Chavez went on a 36 day fast in 1998 to bring attention to the dangers of pesticides to farm workers and their families .
Having the highest performing weapon system is of paramount importance being prioritized above time and money .
Annulment by the jury .
You will find it acceptable .
Households have had a hard time accumulating wealth in spite of the vaunted stock market booms of the 1990s .
The Ovitz deal did not contain any of these goodies .
There sure is .
Routine screening helps address substance abuse .
Adrin said they were n't serious about battling .
There is need to attorney 's to practice law .
Young teenagers
Agencies have been allowed greater flexibility and choice in selecting contracting methods .
That 's neat , sort of like Pink Floyd , or something similar .
That 's how it expensive it runs .
The possible data is in table 2.2
They were allowed to eat on the floor of a restaurant .
Students of human misery will be delighted to see how sad it truly is .
They also do not contribute financially .
Do you have a kiln that 's yours ?
If you ca n't figure out who the fool playing is , it 's probably you .
The woman laughed .
The stores here have clothing for all ages .
That 's wonderful .
It 's important to get states to work together .
Self-inspection process can provide programs the ability to verify their accuracy .
There are scattered farmhouses in the lonely valleys .
The marble from the island was desirable in ancient times .
Someone else needs to do it .
There was one state official that told of the success he had that came from a lot of different experiences .
There was a triple murder in Georgetown at a Starbucks .
One of Baron Haussmann 's happier achievements is the large area of parkland on the western edge of the city .
To cook them you use garlic and a little bit of hot pepper .
some participants cautioned that principle-based standards should not be taken lightly
I want to know where you 're going .
Approaches to achieving missions might change a lot .
An inaccurate CPI can be defended by Republicans
Containing IRS Restructuring and Reform Act , its budget requests , and administration of various tax
There is an amphitheatre called the Sultan 's Pool .
This costing model is based on research and analytical activity .
The family had children that have passed away .
The route pass is uninhabited .
They are given a proper amount of time to do the report .
They received many lashes with a whip .
The museum is tiny but houses the remains of a cedar longboat , discovered in 1954 .
Who can afford to miss a day ?
stakeholders may not interpret principles consistently
He should be marked .
Tommy inquired about the identity of the person .
`` How did you get your hands on this object ? ''
I did n't expect to hear that about Lawrence .
Pat Buchanan was walking with whiskey in his hand .
Managers asssess their current capabilites by using a threestep development planning process .
Some tax provisions are meant to stimulate personal savings .
The volumes will be available to the public after renovation .
Add my speculation to the sociologists ' .
Simulations are useful when used in comparison to a historical benchmark .
Viollet-le-Duc made drawing of statues that were modelled after kings of Judah .
School is expensive without wealthy parents .
NIPA excludes capital transfers .
The release of mercury has an impact on rivers , streams and lakes
It is a mile long .
Favorite items can make you remember the countryside .
McIntyre was picked to be used .
Vendors are selling sweets , curds , garland , and coconut .
Windows 95 is under $ 100 .
Reports can be prepared .
The visitors can relax in the building , because it is not too overbearing .
Jon decided to try a new approach .
Drinks cost a lot .
It was carved out of the cliffs of the Nile Valley and not made of stone .
No worries , a good policy .
Clothes are a once-in-a-while thing .
Signatures in manual systems usually show approval .
Yes well are you affiliated with TI ?
There are large empty rooms past the entry .
It is n't that absurd ; we have cable , which is great .
The analysis is guided by the belief that people are generally good at looking into their own interests
The Meadows Mall is not appealing .
Except for the foundations , nothing else still exists .
Rodrigo was a vicious man who loved power .
Jon traveled back to the town .
The Vice President and his representatives have argued that GAO does not have the ability to investigate the actions of the NEPDG , the only authority GAO has is to audit its financial transactions .
There are at least three UNESCO-honored cities in Spain .
You need to drain the water our of the watermelon .
The world does not try and morally subject to tourists .
He was shorter than the others .
The scene looked real even if it was in a back lot of Hollywood .
300 people were there .
The rock comes in various shapes .
Some workers are represented in civil rights and retaliation claims .
There are no tourists on the road through the agricultural towns and fishing villages .
Substandard , they were .
Has he held his position long ?
The balance was reduced through payment .
She was loved by him .
The rate of processing just reached the rate of housing .
People who like giving speeches make me uncomfortable .
The US market was ready for the cane plantations .
Jon took Susan somewhere .
They think they 'll have money and success but end up with nothing .
There are books that have each person 's name .
At their production decision reviews , these programs did not capture manufacturing .
Most Americans want to see major changes in the health-care system .
He was very mellow .
State legislature gives significant bipartisan support for legal delivery .
Any multi-pollutant bill is opposed by the Administration .
I 'm not sure .
The Crimean War took place between 1854 and 1856 .
The Camargue is a national nature reserve that has been reclaimed from the sea .
There are multiple good spots for blues in L.A.
I had never considered doing it before , but I did now .
We must carefully look through the purple despatch-case that she kept her most important papers in .
Improved products and services lead to actions and manage risks to develop new products and services with/without an organization
Moderate scenario takes 50 %
I think I 've seen them before but I do n't recall what they look like .
You have no trust when it comes to me .
A super-vaccine was being developed to be given to everyone in attendance at the world championships .
The I-695 victory was the result of a botched opposition campaign and votes willing to call a bluff .
LSC has developed better state delivery systems .
The only identified organizations were well-known .
The Calcutta Cup Match pits the Scots against the English , in what is generally seen as a great spectacle .
After that I left for Colorado .
Did you do it ?
I have lived in this place for fifty eight years .
I try to completely avoid the head bangers .
The remains of the Ocho Rios Fort are most likely the oldest parts of the town .
Many venues feature stunning views and live music , including the Sky Lounge , Tsim Sha Tsui , and the Cyrano .
In the U.S. , there is a person named Alan Tonelson .
All of the things are celebrations .
The herds of animals show how big and open the area really is .
What do you think , Eric ?
Drug and alcohol patient records should be confidential
Galileo 's Trial
No , I 'm not .
Located in Dublin .
Male children are considered a blessing for family .
The park is pretty and has a great view of the mountains .
You do n't have a paycheck for six week if you go .
The coverage relating to medical and surgical expenses
I watch Cheers everynow and then , but I do n't watch many series .
It was destiny .
Public confidence can be difficult to reestablish .
Mud and rocks were swept away by the river .
The bell rang after about 15 minutes and Tuppence went to go walk the visitor out of the house .
The man had to try and do something .
The ball was hit to Buckner .
They did not run toward us amazingly quickly .
She acted rather different .
I can cope with the hot summers and the cold winters .
Some people who were not emotive were watching .
I know the name , but not much else .
SCR installs have NOX SIP to comply with .
Not a thing before May 7 , 1915 .
That is the reason why we attempted to kill you .
The Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems were published by the NIST in 1996 .
MC2000-2 was recommended by the Commission .
Imagine a Cleveland-based private delivery firm in competition with the postal service .
It takes a long time to build trust , but a short time to lose it .
It was more realistic than looking in a mirror .
These immigrants often need legal assistance .
Ibiza 's defensive walls are almost entirely intact .
There are many flowers to be found on the estates on The Garden Island .
If Herb Williams had more offensive skills , he would have taken Tarpley 's place .
Education and training in the data warehousing and business intelligence industry is provided by The Data Warehousing Institute .
The number looks low in my opinion .
Daniel was covered by lights and he was not standing .
When consumer confidence declines people are more likely to collect coupons .
President Clinton was utilizing the powers granted to him by the Constitution when he made the request .
She was cared for very well at Styles Court .
I entered the shack , despite the runes of warding painted over the door .
As punishment for consorting with Satan , the servant girl was flung into hell .
The lawyer , Smith , pointed out that you wanted to know what you would be when you grew up .
The only explanation is that the job that had been close to medicine had wrestled control of it .
Making myself an exhibit is a last resort .
They were living in a land filled with turmoil .
That is not the reason I got it .
The rooms are opulent , and used for formal , elegant events .
Yes , you have a done a great job , young man .
In the flat , Julius answered her after pausing .
And environmentalists have on occasion attacked religion .
The Falcons and Jets have appealing stories going on .
He is a reserved person .
The allowance for rural carriers was 34 cents per mile on average in 1989 .
The United States national defense budget will increase by 6 billion dollars .
Key federal performance and projection information are necessary as well as enhanced reporting .
We can acknowledge there is fallout from globalization .
The Northwest Justice Project and ProBonoNet in New York will hire more people .
It can be challenging .
Sphinxes guarded people .
Yahoo contains articles from newspaper publications .
Saint-Etienne , a Christian church , had a temple to Jupiter during Roman times .
So they do n't use cash a lot anymore .
Julius nodded solemnly .
My feelings towards pigeons are filled with animosity .
My voice came out very softly .
Parents relating to children in the home is important to the world .
The dome has a sculpture on it .
There are over two currently .
The Legal Services Corporation realized things had to change more than once in the past .
They 're snowed under by small issues blown out of proportion by special interest groups .
The dealer would have charged a few hundred dollars .
Huntington and Buchanan both defend others cultures as well as their own .
It is Legal Aid 's dedication to justice .
It involves the family , it is fun , and kids love that .
But this time , Lloyd thinks of himself as the Messiah .
It 's rained enough to make a rice patty .
Judge Bailey was the chosen winner .
Kids are n't likely to recognize gay signals , but some parents do .
San ` doro was being watched by the man .
I 'm good for one million dollars .
The press has focused on various topics that most readers are n't interested in .
Make sure to browse and make comparisons before purchasing .
Dinard maintains a Victorian sensibility while also including luxury elements .
Some analysts wanted to make the old standards easier .
The rest of the north presents a steep challenge .
Penrith and Blencathra are Celtic names which were established in this early period .
It 's possible that I am also .
Of course
Net cost for education programs can be calculated as a way to increase productivity .
The disorder did n't seem to be as common when Ritalin was n't around .
Click Friedrick Hayey ring to go .
One of your priorities should be automatic air .
It also opens the door to move marketing calls .
i tore the ligaments in my right ankle
There are a lot of lawyers in this country .
Kentridge once created a documentary footage from the apartheid era .
Dorcas and I were both intrigued by him .
Conservative critics wrote about the Brown case .
In the Battle of Waterloo .
They discovered obsidian on Milos .
Here you can see FWI 's traditional costume which includes a madras skirt , white blouse , and gold earrings .
I only have one thing left to do .
There are many steps when it comes to building a more effective results oriented government in texas
The committees that conduct audits need to challenge management when it is deemed appropriate .
If you add sales tax to a ten thousand dollar vehicle , that a lot of money .
This afternoon I am due to speak at the meeting .
The interim rule went through some review .
The Body Servant was Mack Lee .
They 're excited .
It 's probably pretty cheap considering they have it in Bangladesh .
Sometimes I put the eggs in the same dish and add the cornstarch .
I can not wait for my kids to grow up .
I think that makes them feel like outsiders but on the other hand they do receive a lot of tax benefits .
He claimed he was robbed on the way and has no money or a plane ticket
Critics think that the film is intriguing .
I can imagine how you are troubled by insects up there
Whole life policies cover the entire life of the insured .
Perhaps we will cross paths in the future .
Long Bay is measured to be seven miles .
I saw that it was already morning , and the sun was coming up .
What length of time has he held the current position ?
Hearty meals are offered on the Sabbath .
The picnic area is set alongside a stream .
The hard currency reserves have been reduced to $ 10 billion in cash .
There is no recording of the time for callers .
Ceteau de Chambord is located in a wooded park .
Nowadays , elegant designs once reserved for royalty are available to everyone .
The payments were improper .
They were tense in how they acted .
What was the issue ?
Tom was willing to speak against the other man to avoid his own execution .
Some of the best quotes will come from Barney Frank .
Mastihohoria is a collection of twenty mastic villages built be the genoese .
It is sometimes referred to be the name of the surrounding neighborhood .
Chris Rock has been crowned The Funniest Man in America .
The town I 'm from is Panhandle .
My fake career was a success .
A very big decision strengthens our family .
Are you confused about what this means ?
Recline , and clear your mind .
I do not know .
I smoke and am overweight . My last blood pressure reading was 102 over 79 .
Poirot looked at me and then shook his head .
Our home is small and humble , compared to that of wealthies .
Her clothes are either provocative or conservative .
The best practices were not consistent with the knowledge .
some participants cautioned that principle-based standards should not be viewed as a panacea to solve the problems
Take off Edgerton .
The mother is responsible for the raising of the native islander children .
The formerly heavily guarded Crusader city has places to eat and shop at now .
The H-2A worker is being forced to leave the country .
The tomb of Job Charnock is in the church cemetery .
Even if farmers put chemicals in the ground , the ground eventually filters them out .
There was a mutual feeling in their relationship .
He went back to his previous thoughts .
The dread-filled slaves fled the plantation due to angst concerning the witch .
Depreciated capital is replaced using national saving funds .
Ancient writings do n't show an accurate picture of Indo-Anryan society .
They are better than we are .
An organization is successful if its activities , resources , and goals align .
The three searched for valuable items before sending for a doctor .
Advances in technology usually ebb and flow .
No , they would n't .
A major point is added by current history .
One can often get help at Tourist Information offices .
Legal services personnel saw product demonstrations .
Duke William conquered England before attending the consecration of Notre-Dame .
With application how do you think it should be done ?
Rivers , streams and coasts are affected by mercury emissions .
He could imagine Susan 's voice speaking to him .
Warmer weather does n't alter planting time .
The entrance hall is often used to host exhibitions .
You can see the entrance of the Sandal Bedesten on your right .
That would be affirmative sir .
This is n't the time for a main course I did n't think .
Vacco is from New York .
Do n't expect things to be open after midnight .
They used to call them immigrants .
The street is quite a luxurious one .
He stopped at the clothing store .
Leonardo 's character came across theatrical .
It 's the same paint formula , it 's great !
I 'm not sure if they 've repainted it since .
Yes . There is definitely a way out .
The gender productivity gap .
I am not sure if Shuger took a moment to reflect before attacking .
Reich 's host is out to get him .
The site has been identified for a potential community center and fire station .
The orders I made were not being offered for free .
Their production decision reviews located an anomaly in the data .
The rock was impossible to get past , so a conventional siege did n't do much .
The GAO works for the benefit of the American people and it 's government agencies .
The cost makes it hard to bring it to a dealer .
A South African priest once invited Clinton to do so in quoted paper .
I know a few old ones .
The novelty comes at a large price .
The village is named after the explorer that landed on November 4 , 1493 .
The administrator shall reduce allowance for each unit .
The Taurus show had some spoiler kits .
`` Sue me '' Royko wrote .
Julius made a groaning sound when he heard the terrible advice .
We are going to Aunt Basia 's birthday party today , remember ?
The parties might involve
It is possible .
Agency officials need to identify the components that helped their employees improve their performances .
She smiled at the group .
The emperor was exhausted by his religious and political obligation , and abdicated early .
For almost a decade , the main Republican theme was some form of populism .
Overinterpretation and misinterpretation are not bias .
Within three days their mouth felt better after using the product .
The Baroque chuch of Bom Jesus is a famous church made of sandstone and granite .
The medieval castle of Kadifekale is located at the top of the hill .
The paper did not state as much .
It 's assumed other insurers will do the same if the company ends up with a profit from the policy .
Martha 's Vineyard is less than half the size of the Isle of Man .
Tommy stepped across a threshold and put a picture down on his head .
Simulacra evokes a feeling of intimidation in me .
What was different ?
It did not .
Lister and Simpson developed new uses for medicine .
I should phrase it differently .
Fannie Mae has great public-relations .
The idea is a good one .
Someone gained something from it .
He told me to wait .
Diamonds are rated alphabetically , the ones from D to F are considered the best .
Some resources are available for further information and include Gale/Sabelhaus , Perspectives on the Household Saving Rate , published in 1999 .
Bunt did n't differentiate from a wife 's or mother 's agression .
He shot his gun .
In Exhibit 3 there are the total national emissions od NOx and SO2 from all sectors , said the report .
Guru Tegh Bahadur has a son named Guru Gobind Singh
There was evidence that there had been sugar in all of the cups .
If you 'd like to experience the city sights taking the bus is the best mode of transportation , though taking the subway is faster .
Personal saving is how much disposable personal income is left over after personal spending .
Jon replaced the cloak with a robe .
Jon was wondering if Gauve 's uncle trusted him .
The extending from the Palestinian uprising until today .
Interest rate is defined as the total amount of money borrowed .
Another one , Cornwall Beach is located behind the tourist office .
There were remains in the Manzanares Valley .
When a direct loan is disbursed , the credit subsidy cost will be recorded as an outlay under the reform .
Sometimes there is a conflict of interest .
She does not like me .
It is enough for me to just check the scores in the morning .
Auditors that perform financial audits have to be proficient with AICPA standards and guidance contained in the SASs
They thought the girls were stupid .
I will practice the look on older French women .
The charming hillside village of Saint-Claude has many upper-income homes .
The subgroups may not perform well in standard screens .
The formal Review Process guarantees representatives of every designated state planning body the right to direct communication .
I must lead two lives .
Tell me , how could you tell from that text that a will was made yesterday afternoon ?
Hawaii became very diverse .
He said an egg must hatch .
Observations are the starting point when explanation building .
Music Professor David Cope who specializes in Mozart 's music claims to have created Mozart 's 42nd symphony .
the unit shall comply with the requirements of subsection a1 under certain conditions .
Using true names was covered in the second part of the book .
Reviewers , as a class , are struggling at the moment .
Clinton said the agents had not told him anything about the issue .
Their rights have been an area of turmoil within the central government .
Environmental quality should shift everyone 's survival curve .
What do you think of our new female governor ?
Criminal discovered in the last part .
Jon told Adrin and the others to only shoot the ones that face us .
How she wrote it was pretty cool .
I like jokes about race .
I should not keep you .
He made an effort to point out his bald head .
I do worry that it might be a bad lesson .
Is that genre of music still a thing ?
The crooks tend to have it in pictures about the Underworld .
Time went by too fast while we were having fun with the kids .
She becomes overly focused about her sauce .
the referenced organization has a senior management division .
Harlem was the first permanent office
Nothing major happened for three days .
He grimaced at his doubts .
We know Hillary knew it , the question is when she knew it .
They are going to get them one way or another , they always have a way to get drugs .
It is suggested the feds have been looking for an accomplice to the bombing for the past year .
I agree with what you said .
There was fighting over Singapore .
Houses were quickly built to shelter people .
Wow , I did n't think it was possible for someone in the country to not have seen that .
Statues were moved to Luxor for funerals and other ceremonies .
All models are subject to analysis .
It 's not easily refused the call to play fortuneteller .
I could have had a bigger place but then I would have clutter .
You can find more information from the senior executive 's plan .
It is always convenient to have a credit card .
You 're okay now .
They sell hippie-made jewelry at the Punta Arab market .
The media reported on Lingett 's admission that cigarettes cause cancer .
Most produce is local .
GAO has a ROI of $ 57 per dollar that is spent .
The dad of the infant has filed a wrongful death suit .
Beijing sought to create a good relationship .
Some trays can make great portable tables .
You can get to Old Cairo by taking the Nile River Bus .
I 've done it in the past and really liked it .
It has been claimed that the judge had an altercation with the man .
Specific approaches to each principle is different in each sector .
Salt dries in pans at Las Salinas .
The Board questioned the alternatives of presenting costs of Federal mission .
Simulacra is made from mandrakes .
Ca ` daan had his mouth wide open .
Dinghies are rent-able for the marinas at Tel Aviv , Jaffa , Akko , Akko , Netanya , and Nahariya .
We are having a conversation , please be respectful .
Nearly nothing at all .
The only one that had been invited was Dave Hanson .
It 's never easy to complete cultural transitions in major organizations .
The central bank 's interest rates have tripled in margin .
Have you thought it through ?
The story has not been told yet .
He charged Jon with a knife .
Practice groups of law firms wrestle with these issues .
Be happy and in a good mood .
They were excited to hear it will come back .
Fantastic birds and butterflies can be seen being made of paper in the kampung workshops .
This movie did not exceed my expectations .
She liked her restaurant a lot .
Friendly Fire was written by Joe Lovano and Greg Osby .
The spaceships did not come out of nowhere .
I took my kids to see the movie The Rescuers Down Under .
three times pig .
They did n't watch him on TV .
I was bored on my last day in Louisian .
Severn said the people were not welcome in his house .
The Palace of Jahangir houses a wonderful square court , complete with arches .
It has been around for more than 26 centuries .
The audit committees are used to look into the financial aspects of certain businesses .
The cathedral and fortress are located higher while the gates are below .
Outdoor activities range from beach-going , deep-sea diving , boat excursions , canoeing , and fishing , to hikes and picnics out in the wilderness .
Osmin was going off on a rant .
Devout Hindus believe that dying in the Varanasi frees a soul from the cycle of rebirth .
I have always liked the train and messing around with it .
Harris suggests that it 's a mystery how women have exploited men with their sexual power .
The arches that flank the nave are different from the arches above the entrance .
Is n't a woman 's body sacred property ?
I 'll come along .
Think hard about whether or not you want to bring a camera , there is an extra fee and no flash allowed .
A young girl was screaming .
So it 's social science
Commercial calculation is still not enough to explain his resolve .
That is not bad , it is actually pretty good .
The paper looks at youth employment programs .
Net cost for college programs can be calculated as a way to increase productivity .
There is a radical side effect that was not intended .
The bridge would work temporarily .
Rep. Charles Rangel is a politician .
Is that true ?
The Santa Monica Pier hosts free summer concerts arranged each year .
Both Santa Claus and the Rockettes with appear but one may appear to have a heart attack .
We saved a ton this year .
Finally , progressives are noticing that the best argument for government activism is its success .
The country is in unrest .
There are three routes to the three Carbet falls , each a different length and all continue after the road seemingly ends .
If he runs for President , Trump will most likely spend millions on his campaign .
Affected small entities have representatives who provide advice and recommendation to the panels for their deliberative process .
I can handle hot weather but I am not fond of the cold .
I felt quite relieved and shouted joyously .
Reality is so bland that the technology business gets spiced up .
You do n't have a kiln , do you ?
The reason to have children is so that they can do yardwork .
Czarek had to engage in a fight to seek attention .
Congress made several big reforms in the nineties to ensure agencies are held accountable for their actions .
The ancient capital of the island is called Thira , and dates back to the third century b.c.
Converting into just one program will help administer justice to more poor people in Colorado .
Carroll and Grayson counties had been added .
Octavian , Julius Caesar 's nephew , took the name Augustus ; Rome ceased to be a republic , and became an empire .
The analysis done by the Commission uses quantifiable and general descriptions of how the rule affects small entities .
Go at dawn and sunset to see the desert at optimal times .
This example shows elements of advanced and less developed economies .
Andratx is near to the coast and the Serra de Tramuntana mountains .
The promise of our government wo n't be fulfilled until all of society can afford access .
Agra 's first historical mention is in 1501 , when Sultan Sikandar Lodi made it his capital .
the park on the hill in Monte has a good playground , but may not be as exciting for older kids .
The wares are made of leather .
He stopped moving so quickly .
I have been into it on and off in the past years .
There are many sights to see in Beziers , including the Cathedrale Saint-Nazaire .
Because they would break .
The book has quotes from various people including Lincoln and Jefferson .
Eleanor Newhoff was one of the runners-up .
Different Large Museums .
He made out the British and Dutch to be just interested in trading .
The amount of resources available for investment increases when government savings are increased .
The incumbents are running completely unopposed by any other candidate .
You 've stepped over me more than one time today alone .
You are actually the Desert Ghost .
King Farouk was exiled to Italy , and signed his abdication in 1952 .
Let 's leave it .
Tommy said to hold on hard .
I have n't ever been to Midland .
For a while , we had three Danes .
There is a container on the window containing organic matter .
The tunnel collapsed behind Jon as he ran .
Thaler and Siegel want to know how long it will take most investors to know realize and know the implications of the equity premium being too high .
San ` doro might have impacted him .
According to current reports , the question is not if , but when did Hillary know about it .
Auditors may conduct business in foreign countries .
I think it 's one or the other .
There are so many places to shop that you can find anything you need .
They were tough and loyal .
She felt bad for Dave .
That 's true , America 's paying to for other folks to provide international aid so they could train and pay their own citizens at the same time .
I discovered what nothing was when I moved out there .
There is a role reversal going on in relation to democracy .
I have clothed and fed you .
Reestimate is a term that deals with estimates .
The Standard covers similar territory .
He seemed a little bit embarrassed .
It 's still pretty much winter here .
Hong Kong is a great place to find commercial know-how .
I do n't like television much , I do like Cheers though .
He was wearing a leather breastplate that had a red symbol on the chest .
Making money rather .
Foreign companies had to take Indian money .
Most plants need to install control equipment to meet requirements .
The Varanasi Hindu University has an art museum on its campus which may be superior objectively to the national collection in Delhi .
Conspiracy theorists believe Mastercard is working on a chip to store all your personal data .
I felt intense disrespect for him ...
He then started to run .
It cost a lot to keep a large area of grass alive during the summer .
If we rally behind a female candidate , she might lose , but we will make history .
As long as Assad does n't die he will be able to take care of the troubles .
There is a lot of domestic abuse in Kentucky .
weekly .
National saving affect living standards according to our simulation results and a historical data set .
People who like trains or who are patient are most likely to enjoy long train trips in Italy .
Where did she go ?
Koreans and Japanese have tension between them .
Montmarte is an essential piece of Paris mythology .
You 're going to see the TAs more than the professors .
In the bank vault .
He knew things , but hoped someone else knew more .
There was a previous offensive move made . .
Tommy was suddenly kicked into action .
Five other bodies have come down like this .
Though I 've never read any research regarding how many words people heard back then compared to now , I 'm sure the number has gone up .
Jon thought that the idea was perfectly sound .
Buyers were offered incentives to persuade them to buy land in New Town .
The registration is free .
Lind said the US would have had to leave Vietnam eventually anyways .
This breakdown of PA-Israeli cooperation is the basis for Israeli complaints that Arafat is culpable for last weeks Jerusalem bombing .
We all got tired of data collection and clever analyses of what might happen .
Producing energy is the main source of US greenhouse gas emissions .
He believed they could only qualify with a stated income .
John Panzar believes in nationalizing all postal delivery services and couriers into a single entity for cost-saving purposes .
Gododdin 's accomplishments have been recorded in a Welsh manuscript .
It screwed things up when they said too much .
He was very calm and said not to worry .
Agencies must produce financial statements that can be audited .
Drug and alcohol rehab records are to be kept confidential
Near the church you can see Greyfriars Place and a new museum .
Some auditors perform tests to issue findings based on certain circumstances .
There is a bookshop at the gallery .
I am familiar with what that is like .
Someone should have taken charge of it .
What body does he have ?
Music Professor David Cope says he has created Mozart 's 42nd symphony .
Sarawak is a type of pottery that features bold geometric designs against an ochre-colored background .
The audience will be introduced to the art of Egyptian style gyrating by a belly-dancer .
Are you from Texas ?
It might sound arrogant , but allow them to come to us
They have tiny back packs and stuff .
The Arawak migrated to Jamaica at the start of the 700s .
At any time I would call Triple A.
With this knowledge , workers can understand that some revenue increases and benefit reductions will be needed to restore solvency .
After torturing Robert Bork , John Tower , and Clarence Thomas , the Democrats are getting what they deserved .
Gingrich may fill the position .
The national defense budget will increase by 6 billion dollars by 2002 .
I 'm not free right now .
It was stated that each entity should match their methods of operation to fit their particular situations .
They have put him in a coma now .
I took a five year note out on my car when I got out of college , and I 'll never do that again .
The best selection of flowers at the Flower Market can be found before dawn .
They said that the current system reflects that diversity
The elitist appeal of noh drama dates back to the Tokugawa shogunate .
Emission caps are going to be cut substantially .
The bins just stay there and are decorated .
The men looked strong enough to handle anything .
I am studying computer engineering .
Turkey lost some territory during the Balkan Wars .
Along side the road leading to the entrance , you will pass fields of tomatoes .
The technology that evaluates information from the RFP allows the LSC to compile information about delivery systems .
Scottish weavers are known for their attention to detail , exemplified through the fine weave and pattern .
UNLV may be the greatest amateur team ever .
Pacino plays a 60 Minutes producer .
The rich tourist district has shopping centers and a good number of restaurants .
EIA used the standard technology assumptions to develop the AEO2001 reference case projections .
They have socialized health care .
It is widespread .
It was completely crazy .
After Nasser left the throne , Anwar el-Sadat took control .
I 've never looked at either of them .
I agree with the fact that he did not have a cast that was as supportive as Montana 's .
Microsoft is losing its dominance due to the emergence of Web-based applications .
He said that while paying more than 30 percent , it 's not like anyone has ever gone broke .
Madame de Maintenon lived in the Grand Trianon palace .
the associated cost is primarily some of the costs of assessing and collecting duties
The Mauryas needed to conger Kalinga to secure sea and land routes .
Okay sure
well , you 're aware that the floor was n't even
It is true
A man and a girl were in sight of each other .
As dark as it is , Heather 's has the samebtheme as Ringwald/Cusack movies
Borker said to never trust a Sather .
The government provides protection to many people .
13 executives effectively implemented the government performance and results act
I am dealing with certain circumstances .
Azure is a common and delicious food made with cereals , nuts and fruit .
All we have to do is get around to it .
He knew how the Sim would change .
I do n't understand .
The documents are online .
Yes and there 's nine percent interest for the credit union .
There are some things that you need to ignore .
Serious campaigns are being run by a few pro-life Democrats .
The Philadelphia Eagles is great team .
McDonald 's was sending their hot foods out in the Styrofoam and they got a lot of flack about it , that they are going to work on something .
France knew this was good .
His amazing body could heal itself against anything .
The flame was hard to control , but had enough heat .
There are a lot of companies that are still laying people off .
Evaluations of Case Studies .
A new unit is put on the communal dwelling every instance a new family was created through marriage .
I was an intelligence analyst for quite some time .
Remember what happened in Iraq ?
In the early 1990s Japan slipped quickly into stagnation , and then recession , because crashing real estate prices had a domino effect on the rest of the economy .
The agencies that responded appreciated the initiative by GAO .
It has not been moved yet in the past .
IQ boosting can be done through fetal replacement .
The whole river can be seen from the hanging gardens .
The oilskin was ripped away by them .
Do n't respond .
Do you put it in the refrigerator after ?
It could look like Dungeons and
People will come and get me .
What is it that you do ?
WorldAid had a GLobal expo in 1996 .
Pollees down-rated Clinton by up to 5 points .
Arafat is in bad health and does not have a person chosen to take his place .
You can tell that they really enjoy the type of thing they 're doing right now .
that 's right , yes
They simply do n't have the money to put into that sort of thing .
He trained in martial arts but the plot was boring .
Kal and Thorn were very angry .
Alice Cooper was not as dark as Marilyn Manson .
Sometimes the emperor was less than 18 years of age .
I have always had a love for trains .
We are going into a nice bit of money .
I believe that many children think it 's amusing , the similar uneasiness that there 's someone beneath the bed .
Their main focus to to support Congress .
Clinton shuttered the DOE to move against waste .
A federal role in supporting legal services is vital so that no Americans are left out
Stark got buried .
It says something if people rally behind a female candidate , even if she loses .
We are presenting the test by comparing percentages for each of the posts with actual percentages .
The Supreme Court agreed to hear a case about pooling client money .
It is possible history repeats itself .
It was very easy because I just did a thumb print .
They 're excellent .
You could n't tell where he was because he was in front of a backdrop .
Five are correlated during the summer in certain areas .
Malaysia has many rich , multi-faceted traditions within a current , busy economy .
General economic trends would have to be considered by a case study on job training effectiveness .
Employee performance can be improved with incentives .
I quit drinking and smoking so I guess it is just old age .
I was unimpressed by Landsburg 's pay Scales in Black and White .
The fire was burning nearby .
The experiments proved that it was no different that random chance .
I feel that Americans value morality more than you do .
The effects of injected cannabinoids might be different than smoking them .
Emergency housing relief totaled 8 million dollars .
yeah lots of people for the right life
Investing in domestic companies .
I live in a constant state of despair and depression .
Piccadilly subway station .
Certain colors seem to be more acceptable .
The only other possible interpretation of section 330 was to treat the phrase standards promulgated , as noted by NHTSA .
Arnold Schwarzenegger has become somewhat of a variety actor .
This question was very easy to answer .
It hummed quietly in his hand .
The Romans did n't infiltrate Ibiza .
This episode reminds me of skits with Monthy Python .
U.S. consumers and factories in East Asia benefit from imports .
It 's a good way of sharing money , but there 's no money .
There was a rather lengthy branch that was pointing in the right direction .
Expansion .
Rationality of service tiers continues on .
It 's not something
The Journal asked `` Is any publicity good publicity ? ''
I enjoyed my time in university .
The Flamingo would launch and a large mob presence would exist in Las Vegas .
Changes negotiated by the Postal Service and a mail user for their mutual benefit may merit recommendation under the applicable statutory standards .
Many organizations facilitated members ' participation in their activities .
This model is useful for seeing how certain budget policies affect national saving .
The Loire connected central France to the Atlantic .
A man such as me can not fail ...
Do n't say anything .
Sunblock should be used to protect skin from the sun .
One opportunist who stayed went by the name Octavius .
The Bonapartists were led by Napoleon 's nephew .
The Black River is measured at seventy-one kilometers in length .
Dorcas will be asked questions and is brave with Grey hair .
I think I will go finish up my laundry .
The baker was n't happy .
The comedy about eye disease was hilarious .
I submit the report to you and the other officials
The Government does not provide compensation for forfeited property .
The museum is well designed and just the right size for taking up several hours on a wet day .
Boat voyages and big game fishing .
It looks like the proportion of LC to AO mail is less for inbound mail than for outbound .
There is a national award given to attorneys who have been practicing for less than a decade .
An agency determines if an 808 -LRB- 2 -RRB- is applicable .
It 's located just outside of Macon in Georgia .
Live music can be found at many restaurants and bars .
The analyses try to follow informational requirements for relevant small entities .
He was trying to console the lad .
We have paid ours off all the way down to zero .
Do you have young children ?
A desperate and smart man makes a good thief .
Would you rise up and reject any rules that come up
People accused Rao officials of corruption , which led to a comeback .
The city has a lot of banks and other types of financial institutions .
A prism will be necessary to discern what the political culture that produced Nixon shares with our own .
He cried like his mom hit him .
Americans just throw away 12 percent of what they buy at supermarkets .
I thought about it long and hard .
Zelon is the only student-run chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union in New York state .
The increased equity of a house may not be considered as savings by NIPA .
There has to be some sort of incentive .
If the industry comes , it will foster the creation of better schools .
He made a life for himself on the island , marrying Dona Filipa Moniz and siring a son .
Driving is difficult because it is time consuming .
His conferences are serious .
Correct with the frozen water -LRB- ice -RRB- .
It mixes a risk assessment methodology into the process to ensure that significant issues are included .
The market is seen to be colorful , and soft-sell .
They were impressive to me .
He was no platoon leader , but a lowly pilot .
Reducing HIV is important , but there are also other worthy causes .
Nobles having disputes were not the first concern for ordinary French citizens .
Henry R. Wray , Senior Associate General Counsel , can be contacted at -LRB-202-RRB-512-8581 .
I followed him down the street .
The beach has beautiful sand .
The church has a Barogue style pulpit
It takes extreme focus and a strong awareness of your visual surroundings .
Women who are on welfare qualify for the implant procedure .
I 'm scared to use the credit card .
The GAO is a model of strategic human capital management .
Many of the Greeks living in Asia minor had to flee .
The all-inclusive units are considered villas .
The gardens are not shaped like the Tuileries or Versailles .
Japan 's foundation was determined by using the Chinese calendar .
The Republican National Committee Chairman gave the party 's standard answer on the subject of abortion when he was asked about it on CNN .
The man glared .
We make mostly bureaucratic mistakes ; other types are rare .
Securities Act , 15 U.S.C is related to Regulation M.
Agency which is responsible for the protection of the environment .
Was Lewis ' death a suicide , as has been said by historians ?
Recent findings say that Base and Alternative estimates may not quite see all of the benefits of the Clear Skies Act .
You will know when the boats are ready to leave when the bells ring and the gangplank is raised .
Agencies can engage employee unions , for example :
He stood in front of a backdrop .
The idea and term of intellectual property has been around for a while .
Scientists gave animals irradiated chicken and they were fine .
The metaphor was created by the manipulator .
none of mine are mutts
The Venus de Milo has beautiful proportions .
Some of them you can rent by the year , others daily or weekly .
The fishermen fish crayfish , fresh fish , and eel .
Most of France felt patriotic and supportive of WWI .
I need to check and see what my kids need .
Greenhouse gases have increased because of the industrial revolution .
Taco salad is n't a traditional Mexican dish , but it 's becoming one because of cultural movement .
I told John it was not one of us .
I will hang him .
We are in no rush to make a decision .
Esna is located 54km away from Luxor .
It might be a good idea to have hired guns around .
The Massabielle quarter is considered the most photogenic .
Sir James was present in Manchester on purpose .
58 % of Columbia/HCA 's beds are empty .
Mr. Franklin is taking the situation very well .
Was it Jane Eyre or not ?
Bill Clinton is aware of the current divide and is developing something .
The CEO wanted to increase Pfizer 's standing in the world .
Poirot disagreed with me .
The erection process included destroying as well as building .
Alexandria , capital of Egypt during the Ptolemaic era , was founded in 322 b.c. by Alexander the Great .
Both initial and final analyses were submitted , according to agency officials .
Under many accepted options workers are left with increasing payments or receiving fewer benefits .
Dave did n't want to hear the conversation .
Eventually the temperature will reach eighty and then thirty below zero , it fluctuates .
I think I will simply let it happen when the time is right .
The road remains the Italy people want to see .
Permanent foreign residence is required for some types of agricultural work visas .
What about the door to Mr. Inglethorp 's room ?
Apparently it was Apartment 21B .
The knowledge and skills of the nation 's work have an influence on the economic growth of the nation .
Britain could lose its place at the top of this field of endeavor .
I am surprised that a lot of them are in politics down here .
It is made to help the reviewers assess the quality of the case studies .
Venice had hopes of expanding its territory .
They 're close to winning the season , so they wo n't have any issues with motivation .
The execution of nine Jews was an important turning point in modern Israel 's history .
The power of hypocrisy should n't be underestimated .
She was silent .
Affirmative action opponents say that whites would move down the list .
Regulatory actions can take place within any of the next 12 months .
Web companies use targeted demographics to inform politicians campaigns .
He gave in .
He wondered if he read Tom Clancy .
Bruce Barton 's The Man Nobody Knows portrays Jesus as the ultimate businessman .
Germany has large combustion plants .
Maintaining ties with Britain was one of the goals of the party .
Look here , you have been posing a lot of questions at me .
He is showing that they were correct .
`` You will not take him as your husband . ''
Once you start distributing the money , some of it vanishes along the way .
The final rule was declared an economically significant regulator action .
She had a very serious stroke .
Cheapo car care is a complaint angry consumers have .
Tommy did n't know , who .
Far from the kids
You can get an all-inclusive package .
Erm , we have acquired a small Atari computer .
Red Sea Sports making booking your activities easy .
Seated , he let silence surround him .
There are a full slate of events , including seminars .
Esther Dyson is the Author of Release 2 . o : A Design for Living in the Digital Age .
But , it was Gates ' byline that was on the cover , Slate protests .
Bork shivered .
The ways in which distance affects nontransportation costs is a subject we do n't have enough information on .
I suppose he is more of a football powerhouse there .
Every time I try to go bowling there are leagues only and I ca n't bowl .
The whole temple complex is rendered in miniature .
Many are said to be based on models such as the Constructive Cost Model .
Petting zoos and things related .
A 1984 Poll concluded NewsHour is seen as the most credible newscast by the public .
Moses is considered a prophet to the Muslims .
The rulemaking process requires that the public be made aware of the opportunity to take part .
The home agency will take care of the financial aspects .
Harrer does n't claim he knows she was .
Professor Rogers started her career as a clerk .
We reviewed how teams were used in the initiatives .
Dinosaurs fought over the scraps .
Persecution against the Sikhs was met with violent reactions .
Some judgments are made very quickly .
We 've gotten ourselves into something bigger than we can handle .
The person was invited for August 12 .
so it 's related to people
In the South at Las Salinas , salt is dried in pans for future use .
Saint-Paul-de-Vence
Papyrus can be bought in many shops in Egypt .
Gore has been with Clinton for six years .
Poor and rich .
But how do you separate good from bad ?
Was mentioning the Ritz accidental ?
Edinburgh city art gallery is on market street .
Erving became responsible for Bradley 's defense .
Markets , hot springs , and ski slopes make up some of the other attractions here .
Tuppence 's answer made Whittington grow even more uneasy .
The mailer has the ability to hire a trucking firm .
There was n't much that could withstand against magic .
Something snapped inside her head
I hate to .
I do n't want to get in a fight .
I am aware of the motor oil .
There are a number of testimonials .
Ca ` daan had never seen someone hold a sword like Thorn held it .
Housed were haphazardly built to accommodate people .
Shall I tell you how your soul could live in a mandrake root ?
Instead , take a look at the entertainment industry and its self image .
Jon addressed the man .
I 'm happy that I do n't work in a store .
The Shore Temple is made up of two shrines .
the congress is generally responsible for controlling funding levels .
I think it just depends on education .
Change in personal savings is dependent on how much the IRA contributes to the new saving
The nation 's aerospace industry is headquartered in this city .
It is ironic that you stand a better chance of seeing the work of Mrinal Sen or Satyajit Ray in North America or Europe than you do of seeing it in India .
The beer brewed there is made by them .
You have to pay for that .
The old city contains the Mosque of El-Jezzar , which was built over 200 years ago .
You can snorkel here or take glass-bottomed boat tours .
The gruesome sight that her mother would have encountered was spared when she buried his remains .
Someone else paid attention to it and it was really funny .
Mr. Erlenborn attended classes in at least four different universities .
Are you certain ?
Microsoft is no longer the tour de force it once was .
The French and Dutch settlers did not want taxes on imported goods .
The broadway production of The Lion King is no longer enthusiastically attended .
The auburn of her hair became golden then the sunlight hit it .
The scratch haunted him for two weeks .
The warriors recuperated , after their savage battles , at a Zen monastery rock garden .
Participants wanted a new auditing model and a focus on quality .
Because we 're Argentinean we like to eat pasta .
Any point you did n't get by fixing the questions can be added to the executive summary .
What we expect of our local economy is
The LSC has over 260 years of experience with their staff .
Tuppence stood up .
After not having talked to San Barenakedino for awhile , Clarisse and Onardo wondered how he was doing .
Traditional herbalists are available for you to consult with .
Several discoveries have taught us about archaebacteria , a very ancient and primitive single-cell organism that lives in unexpected places .
Government surplus contributed to net national saving .
A friend knows the lift boy here .
Go to the tourist office to get a map and inquire about walking tours .
Blair recently published an assortment of speeches .
I saw it .
Jane Langmuir says that water and heat combine into a new mechanism .
The regulations will be revised as necessary after the SSA considers the comments received before April 14 , 1997 .
Most of France supported WWI .
The population was fractured during the rule of Sultan Adbul Hamid II , and many people were hostile to his rule .
Charles II was the reigninh monarch when the Throne Room was built .
Jerusalem 's glory under Herod is best exemplified by the Western Wall .
Macau houses some of the most intense casinos outside of Las Vegas .
Tests are only acceptable when survival during controls is at least 80 percent .
If it is n't the most beautiful chateau you have seen , it is certainly the most formidable .
The person accepted defeat after seven days , as it was too difficult .
Expeditions left the Algarve in southern Portugal in order to discover new countries and create fortunes .
The reason for the growth of aggregate wealth in households is the appreciating market value of existing assets following the mid 90s .
Anse Labord is located to the North of Anse-Bertrand .
George meikle Kemp was inspired by Melrose abbey .
As we approached I uttered a question .
The street is in the heart of Istanbul .
The newer part of town has a wider selection .
The numbers were coming around .
Salads and dishes with aubergine in them are both available .
Constantly
You would n't joke about poisoning someone if you knew how easy it was to do by mistake .
Watching the impressive production of entertainment skills is something worth seeing many times .
Tell me what it is .
Several tourists decide to plan for traveling to Molokai and Lanai .
Inside every square .
Slate depicts Bush flaunting the courage of his cliches .
The sales tax would really drive the price of the car up .
Text about GDP and GNP .
Emeralds ?
They work well together .
I believe that is potentially a great idea .
Reich refers to a chart that he misunderstood and said it said something different .
A book was not written about Tommy O'Connor .
Those left behind will need a program for stabilizing conditions if they can not evacuate .
I would guess that the judge would be able to toss that out .
Limited innovation is not going to be an advantage .
The Abbey of Holyrood is located outside among lovely gardens .
A group on Northeastern weather recently discussed the great blizzard of 1978 .
Prices on the menu include taxes , but customers decide whether or not to tip .
I then realized that criminals have small ideals .
Looking at Jon , he sat a short distance from them .
She offered up her notes .
The World League is that .
There 's a pool and a garden on the premises .
Offering a draft of the product for comment is consistent with GAO 's Congressional Protocols .
TIG funds are used to support the Technology Evolution project , a legal aid society in Cincinnati .
Marriage is important to society .
William Randolph Hearst 's castle housed a collection of sculptures and other fine arts .
Steve Jobs came back to Apple .
British magazines interviewed Kate Winslet a lot .
I was a fan of Virginia Woolf when I was a student .
i could lose ten or fifteen pounds , like most other people
It has been reported by The Star that actress Jodie Foster is pregnant through artificial insemination .
`` What 's wrong with a worship ceremony if it involves you doing so for your eggshell ? '' asked Dave .
Communal violence resulted from the Hindu rampage through Sikh communities .
Tommy cried out .
Advances in electronics come in waves .
Imported goods have duties
Around 72,000 residents were evacuated from the volcano-zone .
I told you from the start that I had no evidence .
You should try to fix this .
I 'm glad that I did n't move to Massachusetts .
Puglia has beautiful landscapes .
Each working met more than once to discuss changes to the legal services delivery system .
Lalley is enthusiastic about the bar 's initiative to help the poor .
They were frightened last year .
He might be afraid he 'll lose his No .
While staying in Eliat , one can explore the red sea , or journey into the Negev Desert .
After approval is granted , the FCC will publish a notice in the Federal Register .
The RSA proposes employer-sponsored savings plans .
The fact that the devil would work in law is extremely cliche .
Madam Regent had attended mission schools in Hawaii .
I have not viewed the weather lately on the evening news .
I was dragged through the door of the pub .
The living can not be compared to the Ritz , he noted sadly .
They play softball a couple of times per year
You might be above the cloud line here , the atmosphere is eerie and you can see the mountains .
There are rules that would apply if a state does not enforce the statutory requirements .
They are on the waterside are n't they .
Thorn was seen coming by two of them .
There is a lifetime extension of SCR De-NOx catalysts .
There was n't much of an alternative despite the cries of the preservationalists .
Sugar beets became the prime plant and cane began to decline in 1799 .
The open-air market near the wharves ca n't be missed .
After the Vatican II , Catholicism became less insular in its focus .
air transportation is cited as a viable option for the rapid product option .
The museum is not open on Sunday , either in the morning or the afternoon .
This website looks to remove an obstacle that poor people face regarding the internet .
There is no other way to do it .
It is not going to be able to last seven years .
I often find myself catching only the last five minutes of that program .
I think it 's an escape that can be enjoyed .
She has chose to live a heightened life .
He was staying at the inn .
Select this option for Finkelstein 's understanding of why this logic is expedient .
The information collection was approved by the OMB .
I met a guy at a party that I went to .
Lakshmi is Vishnu 's wife , and the goddess of good fortune .
what kind of music do you like ?
Locals are n't the primary target of the many magic shops , toy stores , and sports shops .
Are you from Canada ?
I am fortunate to have had the opportunity to make a difference to my people .
If you live in apartment , defiantly , right ?
The rate of unemployment is about six percent
The rain was a novelty to the men .
The chain wielder was smiling .
He had sobered up .
There is no evidence that anyone except Ickes solicited donations from the federal building .
Working for a cigarette manufacturer is different from criminal appeals .
Base year data will give important economic information .
Maybe three months .
Some people are annoyed by the singer from Pearl Jam .
There were ten times as many of the Sultan 's armies than Byzantines .
He lightly pressed blood from a pain onto the carcass .
Dinosaurs had survived and were trying to eat .
Pro-choices say the close-up images are unfair .
We hoped .
Acute bronchitis can lead to loss of work days .
The man knew something .
In usual circumstances , what is said is not to be shared . .
An audit after the award has been presented .
The NIT semifinals take place tonight .
The amount of mail lost is too smal to leave an impact on volume
There are six principles and they can actually be naturally separated into more than two distinct sets .
I may be having suicidal thoughts and be wishing for death .
The critics either like or really dislike that one .
The cops set off in pursuit until a traffic accident happened .
The last Moorish enclave was defeated in 1492 .
The Pope is making a suggestion .
Gen is being suggested by the Pope .
Certainly .
He was trying to impersonate Mr. Inglethorp and forging his signature .
This was done by them .
Violence was sexualized by The Wild Bunch , becoming a thing of beauty .
The best example would be Castlerigg , which is near Keswick .
The tomb guardian has the ability to unlock the gate .
There are rotting things .
The chauffeur will not help him to do anything .
The first figure illustrates delivery points in part
Inflation is meant to be something that harms , not something that heals .
Princes Street is the premier shopping street in Scotland .
Jesus ' birth occurred at roughly 4 B.C.
I listened to rap one time about 15 years ago .
Reporters often confront people with difficult questions about events .
The philosophy was to seize opportunities when the economy adding lots of jobs .
mine are most often in the windows
He breathed .
When in Paris one should try to avoid driving .
Do you think it is a problem ?
It depends on the condition of the person .
I followed him as he walked .
Human capital management is extremely important
The bronze age started over 5000 years ago .
We only have to get up for the daytime feedings .
Act accounting great management reform act
The mystery of saving .
The local town 's radio station relied on CNN for news .
`` Sure . '' The man yells `` youre in a hot air balloon about 30 feet high above the field
Managers can exchange ideas and information about management systems on the Balanced Scorecard Institute website .
It was so violent I worried about the kids imitating that .
The third try worked better than the other two .
The Temple of Athena can no longer be seen , but the remains of the Pergamene library still exist nearby .
Importer pays taxed that law requires
There were many homes the whole way , but as we traveled along they were further and further apart until it seemed like we reached the last one .
Not all of it is very clear to me .
The strike price could be $ 98 .
I hope that all key parties will take the necessary steps to address any real and perceived problems that serve to undercut public trust and confidence .
Students received housing with sofas and beds to rest in .
The Shore Temple has stood for 12 centuries .
A $ 200,000 federal grant will be received by Ohio Legal Services , said Deborah Pryce .
Golfing costs a lot of money .
The campaign drew in a new crowd of funders
I am such a fool !
The only thing they had that was plentiful was people .
It was a short distance from the person to the weapon .
The Postal Service has immunity to parking tickets .
There are vineyards all along the slopes between the Vosges and Rhine Valley .
She has cancer and needs the benefits to take care of her children .
Lincoln/Natalia told Benjamin that it was impossible to find him .
My husband is originally from Texas , and is used to not having a wide variety of seasonal clothes .
When your kids grow up you have have them do the yardwork .
Football is important to them .
Excuse me .
You need to wear something else .
When his colleagues are n't sadistic , they are mostly defeated .
I hope someone took charge of it .
Drug treatments combined with strategies that boost the immune system could be the solution to HIV .
The movie is riddled with cliches and male buddy humor that make the film boring .
Back when I was in college I had that as well .
She discussed the convenience of holistic lawyering .
Audits and evaluations are harder because it is more difficult for GAO to get the records .
Reggae is one of the Jamaican music style .
A number of Mary 's personal effects can be found on display .
I do n't receive payment because it 's the same way here .
There are a couple places in Houston where it 's being tried .
I did n't say you were a mandrake-man .
If people can readily withdraw money from tax-preferred accounts for purposes other than retirement , there is no assurance that tax incentives would improve retirement security .
Sicily and other southern regions were colonized in the 8th century b.c.
Also , questions can require nested case studies .
There are special service areas for both Native Americans and migrant workers .
Tech has a good reputation for engineering , while A am M is better for computer science than engineering .
The park used to be named after Corbett .
Professors realized it was hard to make a new language .
Bad tax and a $ 1 billion reserve lead to the I-695 victory .
He goes out into the woods .
Every state is different from one another .
Bork looked up , waiting for something .
Forests were cleared with fire .
Leal Senado is a perfect example of colonial building design .
Alterations can be detected .
They 're not at the human factors level .
Jon is swinging something .
Some firsts are able to perform business functions at different costs .
Should I not go to the police ?
There had already been enough attention .
There are three strategies for improvement discussed in the paper .
These sites lead to George W. Bush 's website .
An annual net savings of $ 545 million has been estimated by the Department .
I do n't want a car with the seat belt under the door .
The Enhanced Carrier Route was introduced prior to 1997 .
Bertrand de Montluc arrived at the island with a great force of men .
The Romans established several towns over the course of their history .
This began to distort scientific practice .
I believe that the rising popularity of contraceptives will push the abortion rate down .
Menorca is home to several well-hidden prehistoric sites .
Did she deserve to be blamed for following what she believes in ?
Hawaii became very diverse which influenced their foods and culture .
The assumptions of affirmative action opponents are overly mechanical .
The Ile Saint-Louis is popular with the wealthier citizens of Paris .
Hanson redirected his gaze from the gears to the group of rocs .
We bought a clearance item in Memphis on credit .
Section 414 helps balance allowance allocations for units .
I find my current job enjoyable .
The world exploded behind me .
Mr. Carter was growing more and more tired .
Vreanna wore a pleased expression when she saw it .
I am still processing the whole thing .
I liked talking to you .
Individual reports that focus on its component units would n't include the data .
Federal Express has a commercial with a think tank .
It 's true .
The Federal Crop insurance Reform Act was passed in 1994 .
The document and other security information was on NIST 's webpage .
The context of federal CIOs may cause specific deviations .
They will be delayed .
It is unsuitable for those with heart issues because of the number of steps .
You could clearly see the irritation in Lincoln 's eyes .
It works pretty good at the right time of year .
I have not the first clue .
The accounting model needs to be updated in addition to the acquisition model .
Gates constructed a large house in the Seattle area .
There was more detail collected by the Postal Service .
It has been reported that some are not desired at all .
Get something from the Guess Who ,
He picked Meg Ryan .
Being alert to new monitoring tools and technigques is practice 16 .
There was a building were the tents once were .
Mail sent between households make up 6.6 percent of the total First-Class volume .
What are the reasons the lookalike is n't good enough ?
Susan is who this is .
Empires do not quit because they could n't compete economically .
The gardens are amazing .
1,634 associates gave money to Legal Aid through their site .
Smaller villages also operate galleries that can be found .
Tommy said they do n't mix romance and marriage .
We also see it as a future investment .
I do n't have time to read the book so I always wait for the film .
It is doubtful Tripp was evaluated before receiving this job offer .
I am in the dark as to who won the pennant last year
What aisles are the household goods on ?
She died during the night but was n't found until this morning .
Regulation is a possibility for the future .
The Ad-Lib group designs the trendy resort clothing here .
Chennai is a laid-back , quiet , and peaceful city .
Sport fishing and boat adventures .
What is the place of art ?
Certain practices were really important to their efforts
Yes , petting and other things .
I 'll watch and when he comes out I 'll give you a signal .
Of all the resorts in the old Channel , Cabourge is by far the most impressive and stately .
A new object has captured their affection .
Men like it much more than they do .
The help from consultants and other stakeholders was useful in doing it .
In 1920 Malaya produced the majority of rubber in the world , beating out tin for how much money it made the country .
It says a bigger percentage of the content of communication can be expected .
When prophecy is indicative of a thing happening , it will occur -- there is a cycle of confirmation to it .
Palestrina will be performed in New York by the Royal Opera .
It had started five years ago .
She was , as a result , revered by her subjects as a living deity .
Downtown Dallas was a short drive from where I lived in Wylie .
bGross national saving is held constant as a share of GDP .
The logic for the case studies is the same thing .
Fast forward to 1994 and all the years after .
He asked Tuppence to sit down on the chair .
Just a check for twelve bucks .
There is a question where the real Japan lies .
The precarious road leading to the 1,560-foot summit is likely to test your persistence , and also the engine and suspension of your car .
They drew a map on how they were gon na divide up the districts .
The Postal Service spends considerable sums on cost analysis .
They were defeated by Saladin , a Muslim leader , and lost control of the large part of the country they had .
The General Fund handles nonexchange revenue .
If it 's is over six hundred you are required to do it , but I got one thirty one .
Our clients can barely afford our legal assistance .
Edinburgh Zoo is located on a giant hill .
The structures are on the site of David 's Tower .
The basics need to be right first .
Myriad things are available for purchase here .
If they 've overestimated how far the CPI is off , it will have horrific consequences .
Britons trumpet their poet laureate as worthy of the ranks of Blake , Keats , Hardy and Auden -LRB- the Times of London -RRB- .
Jon was glad that she was n't .
You can find schools marble carving in the village of Pyrgos .
The architect who worked on the Taj Mahal is thought to have worked on another building .
Espalmador is popular with yachtsmen for it 's white sand beach .
it 's heavy when it 's self propelled , in case you were wondering
The man was on the ground .
The group responsible for administering pensions does not consider gains on property as part of savings .
Was mentioning the Ritz accidental and careless ?
Natural rock formations on visible on excursions .
Goods and Services are sold in secret .
The CFO Council established a GPRA Implementation Committee .
Michael Huffington is gay .
That does increase , yeah .
Hanson leaned in to examine it again , through a diamond lens .
Azure is a dish of sweet porridge .
That would cause the Internet 's share to rise by a factor of ten .
It is good that she brings it to people 's attention .
Your speeches make people feel a lot of rage .
Journeying to St. Ann 's Bay from Cockpit Country .
Newspaper writes ca n't take the kind of license that he did .
Disbursement of pay must be facilitated by reporting information to the home agency .
That was a desolate place .
The only way to get to the island is by boat , as there are no airports .
I liked him instantly .
HCFA provided a notice about the rules on March 28 , 1997 .
NOx moves hundreds of miles from its starting point to for ozone .
You can take a cruise from Bhansi Ghat .
There is massive corruption .
The proposed rule was changed after AMS saw the comments .
The pure looking woman opened it .
The agency received a draft of the product from the GAO .
The sea is n't even three blocks away .
Legal Aid backers were hoping to get the proposed bill passed soon .
You think it comes down to education ?
Through natural and responsive spproaches
Newspaper preprints may cost as little as a nickel .
The Sinai was a source of turquoise for Ancient Egyptians .
The DOD could receive a good return on these funds if it manages them well .
Rep. Charles Rangel thinks 90 years in jail is excessive for KKK members that were not directly tied to the murder .
It started to illuminate more and more .
I had a distrust for the tiny things .
Bowling season would be better split into thirds .
who can blame who is confused about our schedule ?
For himself he chose Father of the Turks , or Ataturk .
He walked quickly after them , having gained considerably upon rounding the corner .
We started talking 5 or 6 minutes ago .
Please be seated , ma'am .
His style made him look like an amateur beside Inglis ' work
A lot of legal aid cases go unassisted each year .
That 's true , and it was nice chatting .
She was n't aware what was going on after her stroke .
The Moors were only subdued by the Christians after four centuries of bloodshed .
She does n't look like the girl in the picture at all .
I guess this summer will be another warm one ; we 'll see .
Some people plan things like that think tank commercial .
I wonder if the Indians ancestors actually came over the Aleutian land bridge ?
There are a few small airplanes offshore that belonged to unlucky drug runners , and they are so interesting to see during artificial diving .
He is very cocky .
Poirot gave them the answers in perfect order , like a robot .
I know single moms who would n't be able to afford it .
We need your assistance with a new feature .
There are 3 multi-site studies being reviewed
One particular network of lawyers who provided services in southern Illinois for a variety of legal issues will be hard hit by the budget reductions .
At times a church is used by multiple faiths .
Beatrice and Grace made out OK legally .
There was great variance in the extent to which these comments were available electronically .
People will continually purchase tickets , as long as they have a good chance of winning .
China fought a civil war that scared Hong Kong .
I am assuming that he guessed about your situation .
At number 73 on the south side of the square the Irish Architectural Archive can be found .
If you do n't believe me then maybe looking at this will convince you .
Stridently macho , loud and predictable , the film goes nowhere .
The traditional opening time for hotels is around Orthodox Easter .
I 've noticed that since I 've moved down to Texas , one does n't need to have a wide variety of seasonal clothes .
Criminal identified in the closing pages of the book .
The FFC conducted the Government/Industry Forum in March 1998
They were humbled .
Nothing was left from the body .
You ca n't be thinking of turning it down ?
She moved her shoulders up and down .
Waters ' tax records show clearly that he earned a lovely $ 65k in 2000 .
Your farewell activity did n't go well .
To sell myself , basically .
The beaches in Mumbai are a bad idea .
The EPA 's WET Interlaboratory Variability Study served as the reference for the upper and lower PMSD numbers .
The pro-choice advocate 's admission to lying about the circumstances of the procedure did n't seem to matter to most lawmakers .
Healthy eating choices for optimally aged men .
They ca n't defend themselves because of their age .
This was the site of the studio which had an unprepssessing glass roof .
Yes , we have cable here .
You wake up early an decide to walk instead of take the subway .
We conclude that the moves are harmful .
American know-how is the reason he got to where he is .
Texas attorneys have contributed one million dollars this year using the opt-out approach .
I rationalized that it was best that they got stoned beforehand .
Bob Dole stated that Bill Clinton had no right to privilege .
You 're originally from Texas ?
Nancy Rogers is involved .
The appraisers liked the item because our taxes are high .
A lot was going to be required from her .
I know there are things related to religion and the bible .
So you can fry ground beef , drain it , and then add hoi sin sauce and vegetables .
One of the most beautiful Byzantine sites is the Monastery of Nea Moni .
I hope that the children will not mimic this type of extreme violence .
A man like me can only succeed .
She had thousands in student loans .
Not you
Thank you , that 's all I have to say .
Savonarola was burned in Florence .
I 'm being the most sentimental of all , which is n't normal .
An entrance conference is held with central agencies .
Yanomamo men who kill other men have better chances at getting more wives .
It was Daniel who got me the beer .
There are a lot of resorts in the national park .
There is four billion of something for mercury .
He told Monica that he would like to be with her even after leaving the office .
I 'm glad we 've talked .
A majority of Americans are not happy with the health-care system .
it 's not only that people can find jobs here more easily now
We do other activities together before the football game starts .
They borrowed traditions from one holiday to incorporate into their own .
The final part of uploading feels like a mental dry-heave .
The effects of climate change can be seen .
Goods and Services are sold by undercover agents . .
Bruce Barton 's , `` The Man Nobody Knows '' , a best seller in 1925-26 , is known as the best example of Jesus as the ultimate businessman .
A main train line went between all the small towns .
You can not do that wearing a skirt .
The Cadets made that under Prince Lvov .
Always disrespectful of the religion .
Keep on writing .
One of the benefits of the program is the boost to lawyers ' public image .
Reich 's book is a series of morality fables .
During Crossfire , even Sam Donaldson patronized me .
The rates could go up by 13 during a Postal Service increase .
I call , oh , it is fun .
It is claimed that a portion of Os Lusadas was written in the Camees Grotto .
FGD systems are usually constructed closer to ground in comparison to SCR technology .
Even should auditors choose not to comply with such standards , they are a helpful tool in guiding GAGAS work .
The Postal Service has a lot of market power .
I played basketball in college .
Charlies I could barely speak Spanish , and the grandson was n't even born in Spain .
A 50 % increase in funding for programs promote a variety of both demand-side and supply-side technologies according to the CEF Moderate scenario .
Ken Bode hosts Wacky Tangent .
That sounds fascinating as well .
The agencies that responded appreciated the initiative by GAO , because they were helpful to the agencies .
Pakistani poppy growers are going to grow more opium .
Dan Burton appeared on Good Morning , America .
Koreans and Japanese see themselves as different cultures ,
You remind me of talking to a girl about books and movies .
Festivals are a place , but performances at private weddings are more traditional and better due to the correct cultural context .
Scientists gave animals irradiated chicken and they all lived as long as the rest of them .
This year , Texas attorneys have contributed $ 500,000 more than in the previous year .
Let 's see how The Bell Curve tries , but fails , to get around these problems .
It 's my turn to change things for myself .
Economic theory is the deciding factor when it comes to valuation .
The person told the other person that she would be sent to them .
The degree to which conclusions can be applied to objects and persons who were n't subjects in the initial study subject is called External Validity .
There was a question on Monday .
Whole life policies with a term life with annuity could be replaced by the whole organization .
The purpose of Diwan i Khas is disputed .
Reich refers to a chart that he misunderstood .
She is very tired .
There are dangerous temptations regarding going to the store .
I moved my face .
Larger boats that can fit up to 20 people -LRB- not including the crew -RRB- , have gourmet cruises .
Tony Snow touted a poll showing that 60 percent of Americans think the allegations represent a pattern of behavior .
There is no doubt that hand belongs to Mr. Brown .
Both vocal and instrumental accompaniment are use in the theater .
The Joint Venture had justified itself by success .
All of the client 's legal problems are supposed to be identified .
The first step to building a more effective government in Texas was the ability to produce fairly stated external financial reports .
The sun had n't risen yet , for the moon was shining daringly in the sky .
Data collection and analysis are concurrent and interactive in cast studies
You have the option of flying or taking the ferry .
Boomer self-obsession is one of the reasons for teen renaissance .
The girl will have most likely forgotten that period .
France ended up not getting the salt pound .
I 've lived the last 11 years in Massachusetts so I 'm basically and honorary Yankee .
I would like to get a drink ?
After the first blow , your man would n't have remained conscious .
The people will be approaching from the south .
Was it Sherlock Holmes ?
Do you not know ?
Derry had a passion for cybernetics .
This fellow is flying a hot air balloon and is lost .
Guys seem to like it way more than them .
Educational lay programs deal with law and justice .
Their supplies remained very low and hard to maintain .
A sign displaying both mph and kph .
He finally blurted something out .
I could see downtown Dallas from where I lived in Wylie .
The associates were not at level at the metaphor .
In your opinion , do most states have that ?
The prophet Mohamed died .
It is not , of course .
Mercury exposure is dangerous , and can occur through the eating of fish .
While one is apologetic about it , there is nothing that can be done .
There is a plateau on the top , which is 650 meters long .
There 's a swath of mangrove swaps from Port-Louis to Pointe Pitre .
Can i give you assistance ?
Visual arts have become enormously popular in this city .
We suggested initiatives to the CIO council
You have to keep your cash and charge it .
A number of these are located on Chatham Road and around Cameron Strees in Tsim Sha Tsui .
She smiled after being satisfied with how she looked .
Most of the students of The University of Nevada are commuters .
Banks were closing left and right .
That 's believable and mine would n't say differently .
The Huaisheng Mosque is the oldest in China , dating back to 627 a.d.
Congress determined that Commission should recover over $ 126 million in costs , which is 8.6 percent higher than the year before .
It is important to ensure good road conditions before leaving .
There is a downside to the checks from Anthem Inc
The Results Act has strategic planning as a central feature for public organizations .
Daniel explained what was happening .
The colds are directly related to the temperature change .
Sorbent-based approaches in development may be preferable to ACl .
Poirot responded to them categorically , like a machine .
In 2001 , LSC continued to play an active role in encouraging and supporting states ' technology plans
Yes , that 's absolutely true .
Someone else
That sounds kinda interesting to me .
The one measure makes it appear that it is static .
There is a wide selection of temples and palaces in India .
It is an honor .
The information is secured .
Explanations , and to confirm findings .
IRS Restructuring and Reform Act has budget requests .
The girl touched her forehead .
It 's necessary to do what 's needed to retain good people even after they get hired .
The exhibitions seem well-funded due to the elaborate detail of the gallery .
Our family has two sons in the public eye .
Thorn told us we could leave them to die .
He examined it upon his hands and knees .
Most low-income people who need legal help in the community do not get it .
The board includes those from the funding community and corporations .
The temperatures are going up and down every day .
He is aware that the mines exist .
Of the numerous homes built into the hillsides , some are now art galleries and shops .
The report details nonfederal physical property
The town has a lot of sparkling wine .
We do n't have to do anything else but put the phone down , I think .
Opposite of North along the Caribbean .
The biggest barrier was thought to be how to change the culture
This edition of Time 's cover package discusses the determinants of good schools .
You need to travel southwest from Sant Francesc to reach Cap Berbera
We 're going to run out of land space soon .
Alexander the Great funded the completion of the city .
The person asked if the woman came to him .
The fact that Styles was at Bauerstein changes everything .
All request by people seeking to provide live testimony were granted .
Station Jesus is meeting his maternal parent .
There are other places in Funchal .
The man will be remembered for failing .
The request for proposal was in 2002 .
It was no big deal .
A valley in the locality of Loire .
What are your feelings ?
Yeah you have to work on that .
I understand that I have to crawl through
There are lake sections that also function as places for wildlife conservation .
The Crusaders captured the Holy City .
Memorandum M0010 was issued in 2000 .
She wore a coat and carried a small badge .
There are specific requirements for assessment .
Regulations were revised by HCFA pertaining to the costs of graduate programs .
It is highly enlarges as you can observe .
The Pedder Building in Central contains factory showrooms .
Western Michigan Legal Services got half a million dollars from them .
SSA wants the authority to recover overpayments .
You could auction off the right to another bundle instead of doing unaddressed mail .
On what he 'd found in one elementary book , he 'd gone a long way .
There was no dirty work left then .
You grew up in Galveston .
He has private practices as well .
The CFO Council and the OMB are working hard on several priority initiatives .
The Learning Channel has shows for women .
A good example would be Keswick near Castlerigg .
Trust is important to not only getting members , but keeping them as well .
I 'll be able to get endorsements from Sonic if I put some work into it .
There is a place in Heftman Street that teaches Israeli folk dancing .
The change of public health programs concerns people .
Is this reasonable to you ?
That 's true about the traffic .
The philosophy was to seize opportunities when the economy is doing well .
Families with small children and fishermen with boats can be seen along the beach in Sainte-Anne .
When I first started in the eighties you had to use punch cards .
It is important that I take care of my wife 's car .
Even though you 're correct , the jury might think differently .
I thought I might hide in the crowd .
Life path .
The historical cost is used in the rule .
Most of the houses on Kastro date back to the 14th century .
Three major religions treat Temple Mount as very important .
Poirot was focused deeply on his thoughts .
I hope your office is up to your standards .
The weather could n't get away from the ground .
I drove home , took a shower , changed clothes and went back .
The right of eminent domain is an advantage of the Postal Service .
In Exhibit 3 there are the total regional emissions od NOx and SO2 from all sectors .
I believe you are referring to retirement .
It does not include the mail sent in response to advertising .
They used a single clay pot to cook their food .
After the pious devotions , Monte regains normality for the rest of the year .
There is a huge television screen above the coffee bar and cafe .
There are n't many things to look at here or at the ruined monastery .
Maybe it would be a good idea if we prepared a militia .
Nur Jahan 's father served as the Prime Minister of Mughal .
The students had strong reactions .
You can get a head start on it .
This is a math equation .
The park changed names due to the independence .
Much of the material , but not all of it , is donated by him .
Strychnine is a drug that works very quickly .
People interact less when they play a game of baccarat compared to blackjack .
Other experts give their opinions through time warp from past administrations .
People like billiards .
Who was with you ?
There are boats close to bars and restaurants .
The Coast Guard is in charge of opening bridges .
I am not picky about what kind of food I eat I just do n't want to travel far .
Something was approved by the office of affairs .
They are all over .
Poirot called upon Monsieur Lawrence .
We are discussing this topic with more than just the original organizations .
She was a good mistress .
It hosts a sculpture of Venus and one of the Emperor Hadrian .
The manufacturer has devised a clever way of getting kids to keep buying card packs even when they have piles of them by only having a few , random rare cards per pack .
Some readers may find the novel to have sentimental parts .
Because Tokyo Joe does n't tell people about the money he has lost he gets more investors .
Bettelheim killed himself in 1990 .
Four years later , Clinton understands how to look presidential .
The Kal 's grunt was heard by Ca ` daan .
First-Class Mail used by households to pay their bills
Cromwell send them to the Caribbean .
Their services might be more effective if they 're done in the ED .
The beautiful exterior was restored in 1967 .
I add cocoa powder and boil it for seven minutes .
He saw Jon was asleep .
Programs in Michigan receive one-year grant terms .
A couple of groups will work from the location .
The levadas were built by the slaves .
Simmons said that nobody told the landlord to fix the property .
A poverty law fundamentals manual was created .
Funchal 's focal point is the huge choice of different shops and goods in the center of the island .
Las Vegas appeals to multiple types of people .
Someone is looking for ideas to bring back the opinion leaders of yore .
We heard right then that the woman was actually fired for her sexual preferences .
Do you have the address for Mr. Whittington ?
Both of the extensive , individual shots are being posted at the same time ?
American parents often dream of being professional parents .
George 's stance on air strikes has gained a large pundit following .
The Task Force on Civil Equal Justice Funding was created in 2001 .
Overlying the others ?
There are three strategies discussed in the paper .
In the war we never set out to conserve oil .
Im not officially an acting process engineer but I do the work of one .
Buying Pokemon cards is gamified in such a way as to lure kids into buying more packs so they can get rare cards .
Customers of other hotels can access the facility 's beach for a small fee .
Wordsmithing and mathematics are not related enough to go together .
Eggshell worship is the reason we 're growing too weak to fight the Satheri , yet Dave asked about it .
As someone from an older generation , I feel like things have changed .
The are a bunch of possible alternatives for the rule .
The information in the guide is up-to-date .
It will never happen .
Until that time Hinduism had been rigid and cold .
He snapped something to be as long as his forearm .
India 's industry is modernizing .
Sometimes we throw the newspaper away without reading it .
I sometimes believe that they should be more limited .
How did you work out from that text that there was a new will ?
A detailed plot , written in English , is always available and an audio commentary is sometimes available .
Statues of the Gods were carried by boat along the river .
Parties could or could not include
There are several self-guided tours of Dublin for tourists to choose from .
We could annex Cuba , but they would n't like that .
There was an increase in volume of 13 .
Americans are not saving much .
Deferred Maintenance in Millions of Dollars , as of September 30 , 199Z :
The FDA believes there is a link that connects them to the disease .
I had been working all day long for a camp .
Yeah they did a great job with making that person grow old from 5 to 20 years old , except that last part , you totally knew who that actor was .
The US was a net creditor before 1986 because of its foreign asset holdings .
The speaker is answering no to a question .
Critics believe John Frankenheimer 's miniseries is fast and loose with history .
The final rule had a federalism assessment that was added through executive order .
They gather and interpret the material fairly and argue rationally about it .
Mr. Curnin said that people are going to talk about the exam .
She confessed , `` Sitting up at night is a rather jumpy experience . ''
But there are two kinds of the pleasure of doing , and the pleasure of not doing .
The man did not plead the Fifth .
The early times saw the popularity of the arts explode .
A search has been conducted for an AIDS vaccine .
Do n't say a word .
Streamlining operations is one of the areas in which the teams can assist .
It really works out well , she had all her own furniture and stuff , so she felt like it was her own home . This made her much more comfortable with the situation .
New York Times front page includes one story about the government 's first post-deregulation attempt to preserve competitiveness among airlines .
Ordinary French citizens were not concerned with the disputes among nobles .
Foreign tourists find that Italy has style and elegance .
Both were operated by editors who fancied rock stars as modern poets .
Now we have the governor and she is going to do that .
The program makes it so that low-income plaintiffs can find legal representation .
The Senate was respectful of the presidential nominees .
There are many ways to get Emily out of the way .
Her eyes closed but she is smiling .
Some security managers wanted to improve their information security programs , so they joined the study .
We know the Bronze Age started around 3200 b.c. because royals were starting to be buried with bronze treasure .
Some people who eat unhealthy foods are not sick .
Various people have used it as a fortress , as can be seen from the layers of masonry .
Four minutes that felt like infinity finally passed .
I will never forget that . You can have that on your own or share with a family .
When his mother died , the Brodkeys took him in .
Though large airlines are making a big profit , they arent any more productive .
Simmons lives in New York and schmoozes fashion designers .
It 's a situation where you need the car the next day .
Lasted too long
I had a German Shepherd that once did that .
He needs to match what his customer want .
I have never gotten around to taking lessons .
The buildings for the two programs are approximately one block apart .
When she came back to her door she found something waiting .
Liberal democracy may not fit some people as good as it fits us .
I am a fit person .
Not ever auction over charges the buyer or under pays the seller .
Yeah , you go ahead , okay .
I am assuming that you did do so ?
I am unable to jump since of the pain .
The sight of the abbey atop a rock in the sea is a stunning view .
The pundits had written them off .
The contrasting and diametrically opposed factors joined together .
Rome was invaded by the Visigoths .
There are mountains near to the border with Brunei .
I received a business card on the day of my deadline .
The young woman we encountered has taken a job as a live-in domestic .
The national association of state information represents state chief information .
No , Dave Hanson , you were too important to us .
The pundits did not consider them to be a contender anymore .
The sculpture reliefs in the Vishnu temple depict stories about the Pallava kings .
Certain passages within the thin-paged book will throw some light on the extraordinary mentality of this great man .
The spot leaves the viewer pondering the stories resolution and how the condom fits in .
Neither they nor I work at TI .
I feel like something or someone is terrifying him .
Bergman was turned onto Wigand by the government .
The article was written in a crass manner .
This report has good news in it .
The way they drafted last year was a surprise to me .
The corners of her mouth tightened and her brow furrowed as she promised him that she would someday .
Even though this book has flaws , I think it 's a good thing .
She was sitting on a chair .
Everything is dead in winter .
The space was totally empty and had no remains in it .
The mini-anti-aggressor is going to make an impression on Wednesday .
every aspect of it was good
The differing assumptions of the analyses resulted in different estimate than noted .
There is usually creative use of gore and the impact on the emotions is not decreased .
Treasure Beach is on the South Coast of the island .
It took less than 22 months to replace Unit 5 .
Aswan was no longer a power base for the Egyptian Empire .
It could be that they are not playing well that night .
Groups were formed to coordinate training around the state .
Factors include the passage of time , the rate of inflation , or geographic location .
The museum is also very inspiring to its visitors .
Naxos is a place with beautiful scenery for leisure .
None of the musicians I like are recent .
Their ancestors were poor farmers that never owned a slave and rarely even saw one .
Tommy was keeping a calm demeanor , though his mind was racing with thoughts of escaping .
The household definition can be simplified .
They used an ice cream truck to try and keep it from getting warm .
Experienced pilots pilot these low-drafted craft .
Opening of floodgates of Western culture after such prolonged isolation had a traumatic effect on Japanese society , as the Tokugawa shoguns had feared .
People simply prefer to be comfortable inside rather than outdoors in the sweltering heat .
They can not restrict timing of the release of the product .
Colorful woodblock prints and scroll paintings can be found in a variety of stores and markets .
Some images part of the original design were susceptible to idolatry .
They 'll ask you why you did n't do something more mainline .
There 's no reason for you to be asking for me like this .
Farmers and loggers are attempting to work on Blue Mountain National Park and John Crow National Park .
Desktop computing is one the main focus areas .
Was anyone with you ?
The knowledge base will give them information needed for the product to be developed .
I 'll go there for two months straight , we wo n't go anywhere else .
The chain hit the woman 's arm .
My endorphins were flowing .
There was a rent place where the strange absence of color indicated a hole over them .
Older kids may find the park on the hill of Monte unremarkable .
He claimed that she had a home quilting business that made $ 132,000 each year .
Otherwise it was put in the alcohol you gave her .
It gives a breakdown of both the costs and impacts of the scenarios .
Jon was sweating from his brow .
During the morning at eight .
Would you like to visit historic places , museums , and art galleries ?
The experiments gave the same results as random chance .
The University of Hawaii became known as the site for advanced studies .
Football is active in the summer .
The full text of public comments is available within the AMS system .
A stoichiometry of 1.03 is typical when the FGD process is producing gypsum by-product
Tapa is an old word that means a bite of food .
They had been my favorite team .
There were two men sitting near the door .
The Mafia were not aggressively investigated before Hoover 's death .
Adaptions are n't always valued
Some people possess emotional distress to varying degrees .
In the market itself , merchants measure out and sell spices and grains in many different colors .
San ` doro spoke .
They were weapons used to kill .
Only one letter from readers is published weekly and there is an editorial offered for it .
Early 17th-century tower house is within the castle , restored with Irish oak from the park , which is held together without a single nail .
That 's the operational cost .
The knife was on his back .
I have taken up the last 5 minutes .
It is thought that the Holy family took refuge here , after having returned from Egypt .
Professors can be thrown off track by four particular sentences in an otherwise plagiarized paper .
Flyers are an invasion of privacy .
Some organizations said that agencies should have more consistent organization .
If i want to grow grass in the shade , do i need a special seed that will grow in the shade ?
If the United States had maximized their potential .
Las Vegas is a tourist city in multiple layers .
Do n't look too much into it .
It ruins the fun .
I have also , and it somewhat interested me .
This is the first time he 's added such a track .
Paper products .
The FTA had sought out comments on these requirements relating to the proposed rulemaking .
He has feelings for what was done to the Voth .
That does n't seem fair .
I am not certain .
The Midlothian Ski Centre is in the area of Hillend .
Several discoveries have showed us the existence of archaebacteria and the places on and off earth you 'd least expect them to call home .
My PC is used as an emulator for a mainframe terminal .
55 miles is the average for a rural route .
Large machetes are used to cut the fish up for buyers .
The bolts were blue .
The Bank of Ireland is down the street fro the statue
Limited funds can be overcome through service coordination .
The Philadelphia Eagles is an underdog .
In both Britain and America the term covers almost everyone .
Tourist officers are a good place to visit even if you 're an adventurous tourist .
Grantees check out cases to see if they meet requirements .
Funding has to be secured .
I know a little about them , but they are not may favorite team .
A long time ago there were two worlds called Thar and Erath .
L.A. offers everything .
Your only option is to get a hard copy .
Right , possibly .
This is an estimate of closed cases .
The only TV shows remaining will be on PBS
The association 's purpose is to keep fraud to a minimum .
After sharing all information with everyone , I think I may have shared too much .
John Leonard says Oz is an anthropology of terror , not for the faint hearted or easily turned stomach .
Suddenly she moved , face white .
They show how highland dress changed over the years .
Identity should be a minimum requirement .
Streets change names in the area of St. Patrick 's Cathedral .
You get a ten minute time limit , but sometimes you 'll be told to end early .
Bill got one letter last year that tore at his heartstrings .
HI and SMI Trustee reports were used to estimate future Medicare costs .
There is a court with arches in the Palace of Jahangir .
You were unaware that he thought Mademoiselle Cynthia was guilty ?
It must be a tough situation for everyone .
I 'd rather not use any insecticides at all , but sometimes I really need to
There were great inventions in the past .
There are certain examples of how employee unions can be engaged by certain agencies .
Striking colors are still found on the columns of the Hypostyle Hall and is the main sight to see at Kom Ombo .
Rent is close to five hundred dollars a month just for a one bedroom .
100,000 Jamaicans live in the hills round this town , which is a very popular tourist destination .
The overseer 's hand turned Hanson on his heels .
The grander showrooms and shops have a very calm atmosphere .
You , I 'm sure , will find it more than adequate .
It was based on field observations and discussions with the us .
I felt nervous by the way they looked at me .
Krugman writes a column .
You will find some fino and olorose if you look .
The utility cost varied between 15 % to 30 % more .
There is a change in the use of postage depending on whether a household owns a computer .
Be sure to bring currencies other than the US dollar when buying goods from the duty-free shops .
There is a drawer in the prisoner 's quarters .
Some rooms have balconies off of them .
Poirot requested the attention of Monsieur Lawrence .
HUD under rules may accept some assignments .
Justice Kennedy does n't think the Supreme Court Reporters from 1790 to 1998 are important .
Arsenic would be just as effective as strychnine for getting rid of Emily .
The door did n't move .
Camping is something that I never got the hang of , though I took the children fishing , we never did do camping .
it 's fascinating that you are at a distance
They wanted to make their voice heard .
The British built luxury houseboats on the lakes near Srinagar in the 19th century .
My appreciation of my satellite dish has increased .
This movie did n't amount to much .
My phone number is -LRB-202-RRB-512-4841 .
Saddam could turn out stronger .
I have an advantage because my step father works at a Ford dealership .
The states of Sabah and Sarawak were granted special privileges for their indigenous populations .
Wachter works for the University of Pennsylvania .
They smiled at Susan , who in turn smiled back at them .
Race is one of several factors in some judicial decisions
Someone yelled to finish it .
The state 's legal services department could lose a lot of funding .
Israel took in 2.5 million Jewish people as a result of the Holocaust .
There is a great view at the top of the steps .
The horsemen first brought out a preview horse .
Do you really have an affair ?
That is not immigration .
The boy held a piece of wood in his hand .
The city is the island 's governmental and financial centre .
Most methods use this technique .
shareholders can pay twice for the sins of others .
That 's something that 's believable .
Severn wanted to be rich .
Sometimes they have dressing but they use too much sage .
Screening needs to try to improve outcomes .
There are only a selected few exceptions .
The person who poured Mrs. Inglethorp 's medicine never shook the bottle so as to leave the sediment untouched .
Tourist 's caused damage to Spain .
The days are long and warm during the Summer .
Poseidon was at the summit of Mount Fengari with a view of the climax of the Trojan War .
The village of Moria contains the ruins of a massive Roman aqueduct .
The voluntary nature of risks is evaluated .
You are in the middle of the mountains , but you did n't feel .
She talked to Tommy
My partner I usually have .
I 'm sorry it did n't turn out as planned .
Not complicatedly .
The they in this sentence only show things that are n't local .
It was problematic .
There would be little benefit to national saving
Tran was advised on opportunities for her family .
They would debate well .
I did n't nkow what any of it was .
Just as I turned the curve I spotted him walking in to the house after ringing the bell for entrance .
Sentiment when connecting with you is beyond everyone 's expectations .
The Postal Service failed to provide as much detail .
Not many modern cities contain a large array of costumes .
Most of the CDs that I have are CDs of classical music .
Her career benefited from being a clerk to Thomas .
I experienced something similar .
Human beings are entitled to the environment .
Ataterk tried to build nationalism in Turkey during the 1920 's .
The author is not interested in tactics .
A triumphal arch is present at Saint-Thgonnec .
He had intended to drive directly up to the house .
Text box 4.1 explains the differences between a unified budget and NIPA .
Helms will turn 81 soon .
Capital goods are vulnerable to depreciation and should be replaced .
`` What a lot if bottles ! '' I exclaim .
It has been called by the Washington Post as the culmination of a six-month game of political chicken .
Lots of then came back .
There are a wide variety of shopping spots , including ethnic food grocery stores , vintage clothing stores , electronic stores , book stores , and many more .
The House of Dolphins and the House of Masks are more elaborate than the House of Dionysos and the House of the Trident .
Tax records indicate Waters earned about $ 65K in 2000 .
Do you camp alot ?
Did you catch him ?
The diver has a good range of places to explore .
America 's role in the globalization movement is important whether we agree with it or not .
Did you apply a textured paint ?
I am proclaiming that I am now a member of the club of Old Geezers .
Managed care bought Republican votes and patients will end up dead because of this .
It was strong , yet brittle .
I think there are some small colleges that are having trouble .
I painted just now .
Treasure Beach is on the South Coast .
City Hall is to the east of the ferry terminal .
Getting a hold of himself , he took a gulf of air .
They want us to indulge ourselves , and force us to worry at work .
I started studying mathematics because I was really good at it .
Ferdinand and Isabella caused stunning changes to take place in Spain .
Kyoto has a kabuki troupe and so does Osaka .
Nonautomated First-Class and Standard-A mailers can ask for their mail to be processed by hand , though it costs the postal service more .
The FDA is set to conduct workshops .
Cirque du Soleil is an international troupe .
