Your contribution helped make it possible for us to provide our students with a quality education .
The answer has nothing to do with their cause , however , but with the simple fact that dictionaries are not exercises in bi-unique substitutability ; in other words , if one of the senses of run is ` operate ' -LRB- as in She runs an engine factory -RRB- , that does not make it valid to assume that one can substitute operate for run in We run in the marathon every year . Although recognizing this as a shortcoming of dictionaries and assigning it arbitrarily to what , for lack of a better term , we might call the genius of the language , might seem trivial to the casual observer , it is a valid matter for concern in the realm of lexicology .
We serve a classic Tuscan meal that includes a Florentine terrine made with dick and chicken livers .
A few months ago , Carl Newton and I wrote a letter asking you to consider a financial contribution to graduate Endodontics at Indiana University .
I was on this earth you know , I 've lived on this earth for some reason , I just do n't know what it is yet .
for ` family hold back , ' an exhortation ensuring ample provender for guests .
I 'll twist him , sir .
My own reading of the passage turns as much on the word pale as on bond , but the word limit set by the essay competition forced me to be rather elliptical .
For more than a century , the U.S. federal and state governments have investigated sweatshops in the garment industry , including the role of immigrants , and have adopted legislation to ameliorate their impact on workers and consumers .
The bankruptcy of secular , autocratic nationalism was evident across the Muslim world by the late 1970s .
The controller checked to see if American Airlines could establish communication with American 11 .
That means we now have the opportunity to be a stable , positive and important part of each child 's life for an entire decade .
The forecasting challenges retailers confront have been amplified in recent years by product proliferation in almost every category .
The Taliban leader Mullah Omar promptly invited Bin Ladin to move to Kandahar , ostensibly in the interests of Bin Ladin 's own security but more likely to situate him where he might be easier to control .
For example , those in MET who worked on Team Indy were among the first Indianapolis campus participants in the annual Purdue Grand Prix at West Lafayette .
At the end of the second year , children begin to label their own and others ' internal states with words , such as want , happy , mad , think , and pretend .
The city is going to explode with Herron 's artistic contributions !
The other name , native well is , as a later explorer David Carnegie , author of Spinifex and Sand -LRB- 1898 -RRB- , points out , a misnomer .
All that day , we did n't get up -LRB- off the floor -RRB- .
Captain Victor Saracini and First Officer Michael Horrocks piloted the Boeing 767 , which had seven flight attendants .
They were promptly executed .
Still there is great need , especially in the way of endowed scholarships .
If a hijack was confirmed , procedures called for the hijack coordinator on duty to contact the Pentagon 's National Military Command Center -LRB- NMCC -RRB- and to ask for a military escort aircraft to follow the flight , report anything unusual , and aid search and rescue in the event of an emergency .
Note that this system poses production questions for BMW similar to those faced by apparel suppliers .
The simplest is for one or more of the members to simply donate one million dollars to the IGGS Scholarship Fund .
In all the following cases , the spelling , -LRB- apparent -RRB- roots , or sound of the word actively suggest a meaning different from the true one .
Human Growth and Development
Regardless of where Quick Response has succeeded , however , our research indicates that very different time-based competitive demands have emerged in the industry , driven not by voluntary acceptance of policies but by the changing nature of market competition among retailers .
The ambiguity resulting from the conjunction of black and gold is akin to the distraction caused by optical Lehrer 's phrase is both literally correct and literally nonsense .
In the felled seams of shirts and jeans , for example , the visible stitches might be of a color designed to decorate the garment .
In this competition for legitimacy , secular regimes had no alternative to offer .
In this period , a number of key technological changes sewing machines that made many more stitches a minute , long knives instead of shears for cutting , and pressing machines .
Thus the evidence at the RHD offices indicated the need for reinforcement of the notion of maleness associated with the word , not , as M and S suggest , a trend toward epicenism .
Carnegie also describes namma-holes and soaks as sources of water .
Eleven , the first guy , he 's heading towards Washington .
There is no arguing with taste , but even those who support the second tenet must admit that if researchers felt that way about cancer , syphilis , and AIDS , there would not be much point to research at all .
From Home Work to Modern Manufacture
After a lifetime of trials , Donna not only earned her GED at Goodwill , she earned a job here .
Do you smoke her Saratogas ?
Specific cliches ' working wife , working mother , house-wife , etc. ` are discussed , with sober explanations of why they are offensive and with suggestions for suitable alternatives .
Here , the object of play is the written form of the answer , or , more precisely , the letters of which that form consists .
Except for its origin , in the British Interplanetary Society Journal , space warp has been restricted to fictional use .
When we consider how much the set is on during school holidays and summer vacations , children spend more time watching TV than they do in any other waking activity , including going to school and interacting with family members or peers .
The employers in the stable shops with employees whom they were anxious to keep suffered as much as we did because the union was weak .
Recently in Chambers I came across the adjective perjink , a Scots word given also in Collins , but not in any of the other desk dictionaries I it means finical .
The hijackers had planned to take flights scheduled to depart at 7:45 -LRB- American 11 -RRB- , 8:00 -LRB- United 175 and United 93 -RRB- , and 8:10 -LRB- American 77 -RRB- .
The law school is limited in these recessionary times because it 's impractical to raise tuition significantly to gain the difference from lost state appropriations .
Where in Charlotte ?
. Mr. Whopsle , being knocked up , was in such a very bad temper .
Turabi in return would let Bin Ladin use Sudan as a base for worldwide business operations and for preparations for jihad .
According to Campbell , the only godlike female figure in the Bible is the Virgin Mary , and she appears , identified as virgin , only in the Gospel according to Luke .
Um , I read some of the same books that they had read to me , first , and then , as I got older , I just got hungry for books .
Indeed , no clear dividing line exists between prereading and reading .
The supervisor instructed the controller to follow standard procedures for handling a no radio aircraft .
It just kind a fills it out a little bit makes it a little easier on the ear especially if they ca n't sing but .
Uh , we used to sit on her back porch and uh snap uh beans or what they called doing snap beans , uh , which was really just taking green beans and snapping them into smaller pieces .
While writers whose business it is to be witty often fail to produce , grave authors occasionally are mirthful when laughter is farthest from their minds .
Giving $ 50 club sponsor provides supplies needed for one club $ 100 camper sponsor provides one child a whole week of fun at camp .
The music industry .
The growth of private-label programs among retailers in the 1980s exemplifies this trend .
Radar data show the Otis fighters were airborne at 8:53 .
At 9:42 , the Command Center learned from news reports that a plane had struck the Pentagon .
Logs indicate that it began at 9:25 and included the CIA ; the FBI ; the departments of State , Justice , and Defense ; the FAA ; and the White House shelter .
At 8:51 , the flight deviated from its assigned altitude , and a minute later New York air traffic controllers began repeatedly and unsuccessfully trying to contact it .
She 's a , she works in a warehouse now , actually .
But the highest-level Defense Department officials relied on the NMCC 's air threat conference , in which the FAA did not participate for the first 48 minutes .
The most recent hijacking that involved U.S. air traffic controllers , FAA management , and military coordination had occurred in 1993 .
As with many new technologies that have developed since the 1970s , adoption of innovative equipment is still occurring in fits and starts and depends on a given firm 's size and mix of products .
she said to them , because of you we 're going to die too , through no fault of our own !
At 9:03 , United 175 crashed into the South Tower .
Please renew your commitment today .
Definitely the freedom , definitely the freedom .
Well that window happened to be through her room , so I just kind of walked on through the room and she looked up at me and I said , Good morning , and she just screamed .
Each prospective and current program is evaluated on the basis of its support of one or more aspects of women 's needs .
Like because my dad always treated me like a boy because I was like I was the first girl on my dad 's side of the family in like , four generations or something like that .
So what has changed the prognosis for American apparel and textiles and provided new opportunities for these industries ?
It ill behooves me , excoriated recently as enamored of the cheap larf , to criticize Safire 's arch puns , which permeate ' enliven is probably the word his editor would use ` his articles , but I find some kinds of humor unsuitable for reading , however they might evoke a chuckle when uttered viva voce . A handful of examples , from the book at
Late last Spring , we established an account for the IGGS Scholarship to help defray the tuition costs for an undergraduate major in Geology at IUPUI .
The enterprises that compose the apparel and textile industries manufacture a wide variety of products , and the mix has also changed since the postwar era .
Wha , yeah , very hard compared to high school .
Cathedral provided us with a good education and a great foundation for our futures .
Got him just out of 9,500-9 ,000 now .
Open the door , please .
Please join me in making a generous contribution to this year 's Annual Campaign .
-LRB- Tries to insert a piece in the wrong place -RRB-
For example , close to 50 percent of the value of shipments for men 's shirts comes from the cost of materials , while 25 percent arises from compensation costs .
Appreciate it .
It sounds like , we 're talking to New York , that there 's another one aimed at the World Trade Center .
The slang of one military generation passes on to the next , so the Marines who called the Koreans gooks in the '50s and the Vietnamese gooks in the '60s and '70s were the linguistic heirs of the Marines who called the Nicaraguans gooks in 1912 .
Do you remember being read to when you were little ?
It truly was my life in high school .
Caring about others .
So , it 's like she , uh , and the education was n't the same back in those days .
A more emphatic adjective is perjinkety ; and it has the noun perjinkity , defined as a nicety .
Over the past three decades , external forces impinging on the family have transformed parents ' and , therefore , children 's lives .
Live at Five .
Recently we read that how children turn out is mostly written in their genes ; there 's little we as parents can do about it .
And I said to some of my cousins that I had only the last I had seen was at Grandpop 's funeral .
He views either of them as the instrument , the bond , of his not being able to pass on the crown to a successor of his choosing -LRB- or of his subsequent begetting -RRB- .
Something to that effect .
I do not know how he would rate it , but I must confess that for general use I am inclined to put it just a little ahead of Chambers . But I have n't found it quite as much fun to browse in .
Do you remember the combination of elation and apprehension you felt when you first left home ?
The story disclosed that adults realize a long service is hard for a small boy to sit through , but exercising self-restraint and participating in communal rituals bring praise and acceptance from the community .
In colonial days , housewives typically did spinning , weaving , and tailoring for the family .
Five calls described the intent of passengers and surviving crew members to revolt against the hijackers .
Of those beginning prenatal care in the first trimester , Indiana mothers rank in the lower third of individuals receiving such care nationwide .
The people of Batavia on the Hopi Reservation in northern Arizona were motivated by their desire to rekindle traditional cultural values among younger generations when , with the help of Futures for Children , they decided to restore traditional terrace gardens at the edge of their village - gardens that had been abandoned for decades .
It has long been known that inventories at the macroeconomic level affect the depth and length of business cycles .
Between 9:01 and 9:02 , a manager from New York Center told the Command Center in
Did you have lots of storybooks at your house that were read to you ?
Pages later -LRB- Chapter XXXVII -RRB- , it is acknowledged that He , too , felt that this was their last free intercourse .
Blaring sirens and horrendous crime .
How can parents beat the time bind ?
They may at least begin to suggest the considerable language barrier between my hosts and me .
Both unions established a foothold in the industry because they represented strategic workers in the apparel production the skilled cutter working inside manufacturers ' plants .
In 1996 , these figures will triple .
But I do got a 100 dollars .
In the succeeding minutes , controllers were attempting to ascertain the altitude of the southbound flight .
They were scary , throwing a child in the oven and all that sort of thing !
Fulfilling his bargain with Turabi , Bin Ladin used his construction company to build a new highway from Khartoum to Port Sudan on the Red Sea coast .
Forecasting Demand for New Products
Is there a favorite story or storybook or anything that you had when you were little that somebody read to you ?
I really do n't .
I am asking for the support of the families of Herron students to help maintain this vital program .
She 's got all of those , and a swing and a table , too !
Thank you again for sharing our hope for a future without cancer .
And , anyway , uh , anyway , went on from there , started doing a lot of stuff in college working with um one person specifically .
The time saved in production can be lost if the distribution method is slow , or if there are other impediments to the movement of products from the apparel-maker to the retailer .
-LRB- Origin unknown ; not from Gaelic -RRB- I think it hardly fanciful to discern a note of Calvinist disapproval in this curt disclaimer .
Some time ago , Texans picked up a speech habit that is being acquired by the rest of the country .
Lewin had served four years as an officer in the Israeli military .
This startling news prompted the mission crew commander at NEADS to take immediate control of the airspace to clear a flight path for the Langley Okay , we 're going to turn it ... crank it up .
I 'm going to do Education now .
Are they , like , rounded ?
When I found out that the infant mortality rate in Indiana was 86 percent greater than for mothers in Sweden , I was shocked .
This plan is one more reason to preserve the perennially endangered Endangered Species Act - the most effective wildlife law ever passed .
I do n't know what , he sells like cars or something .
Because I 'm like a lifeguard every summer and this year I had to get a winter job all year .
The good news is that the teen-age birth rate has fallen almost 9 percent since 1991 .
Basic items also represent a major percentage of all apparel goods sold .
In the fall of 1993 , another such delegation went to the Bekaa Valley in Lebanon for further training in explosives as well as in intelligence and security .
While traveling 35,000 feet above eastern Ohio , United 93 suddenly dropped 700 feet .
While awaiting my licensure to practice dental hygiene , I have had the opportunity to look back upon my education at Indiana University School of Dentistry .
We would all slide the windows down on the bus open the door , stick your head out the door , you could n't hear anything coming that way , you could n't hear anything coming the other way , and he 'd just drop it in low and gun it , we would make it another morning .
His generous contribution to dentistry in 1971 has helped twenty-five orthodontic students so far to meet educational expenses ; and more students will receive scholarships this year .
Think of your greatest accomplishments .
Your past support of the Challenger program has been critical to its success these last four years .
We are most grateful for your support in whatever amount you can spare !
Since its re-organization , MCCOY has established its unique niche within the community by refraining from direct service programming and focusing on what it does helping to identify youth needs , convening groups of individuals and organizations which can address those needs , and moving toward collaborative solutions .
Product stock-outs accounted for 24 percent , $ 6 billion , of the losses , and the cost of inventory carrying itself constituted the remaining 20 percent , $ 5 billion .
As we prepare for all the events this fall , we are also looking into the future with the preparations for a new facility for the professional art school , administrative offices , faculty studios , a library and a contemporary gallery .
And , pursuant to the President 's instructions I gave authorization for them to be taken out .
More picturesque are the references to erections .
Lonq live Spring Creek Prairie !
Live at Five .
You should n't drink that non-pasteurized milk , but hey , it never hurt us .
At 7:15 , a pair of them , Khalid al Mihdhar and Majed Moqed , checked in at the American Airlines ticket counter for Flight 77 , bound for Los Angeles .
The forecasting challenges retailers confront have been amplified in recent years by product proliferation in almost every category .
However , our sample also reveals that some manufacturers began to adjust to the new demands of lean By 1992 , the median dropped to ten hours , reflecting their desire to reduce the amount of work-in-process at this beginning stage of apparel assembly .
Well , some of them that uh , with your mother Marsha uh , I she was , I believe about 18 when I was born .
After completing the process of developing a demand forecast for each SKU , a retailer must determine how much of each item to stock on the shelves of its stores .
As outlined during recent meetings of the Board of Visitors and Alumni Association Directors , these will include an Indianapolis law student/alumni telephone campaign and increased emphasis on giving at the Maennerchor Society level .
' Perhaps it was so called because it opens in morning and closes at night , or because of its eyelike shape .
I thought that was surely the first time I had ever seen such an obvious typographical error in , of all things , a simple title on a simple 78-rpm record .
But while the effort failed , it shows what Bin Ladin and his associates hoped to do .
Therefore , it is not surprising that most replenishment products are basics or fashion-basics with relatively stable Manufacturers are unwilling to hold speculative stock to meet replenishment requests from retailers for fashion products because the risk of holding those fashion goods in finished goods inventory is too high .
Elbert , I just want to ask you uh , some questions about your experience with uh , stories .
For example , increasing the number of products offered in a category by a factor of four -LRB- say from fifty items to 200 -RRB- without increasing total demand in the category would increase the coefficient of variation for each individual product by a factor of two .
By 8:00 A.M. on the morning of Tuesday , September 11,2001 , they had defeated all the security layers that America 's civil aviation security system then had in place to prevent a hijacking .
Third , no middle ground exists in what Qutb conceived as a struggle between God and Satan .
The importance of dialect is emphasized regularly in the press , where we read about people being killed , as in parts of India , because they use the wrong shibboleths .
Unfortunately , the presentation of his linguistic argument , where the author is clearly treading on more speculative ground than in those parts dealing with outright archaeology , where he is on more familiar territory , is disorganized and repetitious .
If a new sewing table or a new sewing machine with programmable features is added at a particular workstatio n'that is , any device that reduces the time it takes to complete various tasks ` then the allowable time and wage rate for that operation must be changed .
In practice , however , retail inventory management is fraught with challenges , such as long and uncertain order-fulfillment lead times , and errors in product identification and record keeping .
In studies following children from infancy into childhood and adolescence , early brief episodes of parental stimulation and sensitivity did not result in more competent children .
That must be a really big deal .
A relatively new graphic technique is the sandwich .
Note that this system poses production questions for BMW similar to those faced by apparel suppliers .
Hmmm , might be an abalone shell .
On reflection , the parts will hold together .
We thought it would be cool to see just how far a BB would shoot .
Few Americans had noticed it .
These changes are related to new technology and foreign competition .
The Concise Oxford allows both pronunciations .
Thank you again for sharing our hope for a future without cancer .
Forge an adult-child relationship based on shared understanding , or intersubjectivity'one in which the adult strives to connect with the child by stretching down to his or her point of view , thereby helping the child stretch up to the adult 's more mature perspective .
And the scope of The Salvation Army 's services extends far beyond this community .
Your gift to Goodwill will help us do even more this year because your gift will be used to directly support our work .
Second , the total amount of retail space in the United States has expanded dramatically , even while consumer expenditures on apparel items have declined as a share of total expenditures .
Knowledgeable community volunteers -- people just like you -- ensure that your gift is spent wisely and that 88 PERCENT OF FUNDS RAISED GO TO HELP PEOPLE IN NEED RIGHT HERE IN CENTRAL INDIANA .
Counts to four .
Over the years , a number of well-respected individuals have spoken out on behalf of our mission ... our service ... and our stewardship .
Lower-level officials improvised-for example , the FAA 's Boston Center bypassed the chain of command and directly contacted NEADS after the first hijacking .
In his delightful article , Onomatoplazia -LSB- XV , 1 -RSB- , Chester Delaney writes , analysand ...
It is a pivotal time in the life of a young girl-when small changes in her behavior , or the choices she makes , can affect her future .
Landing meaningful and productive employment was hard for Miyares .
Bin Ladin also relies heavily on the Egyptian writer Sayyid Qutb .
The paper marker identifies each piece in the layout so that the cloth pieces for individual apparel items can be put together after the fabric is cut .
Noteworthy , too , are the strategies that have been devised to cope with the limits of our twenty-six letter alphabet .
We are the only statewide not-for-profit organization whose primary mission is child abuse prevention .
The word Yiddish derives from the German judisch ` Jewish .
A roughly approximate atonal pronunciation is thus moo-gwoo . A family resemblance , to be sure , but far from me gook .
But , um , It 's not like I 'll never come back and visit or anything like that .
The airplane headed down ; the control wheel was turned hard to the right .
Your mother was n't real happy about that .
In October , we will begin our annual telefund .
Does she like what she does ?
Both dictionaries list abbreviations and biographical and geographical entries in separate sections at the back , a practice I have never liked .
The long , disjointed document condemned the Saudi monarchy for allowing the presence of an army of infidels in a land with the sites most sacred to Islam , and celebrated recent suicide bombings of American military facilities in the Kingdom .
Imaginative play , Vygotsky noted , also functions as a bridge from the concrete thought of the preschool and early school years to mature adult thought , which can be totally free of real situations .
The impact of these projects will be accelerated by an economic development initiative launched this year which will enable new and existing businesses to flourish in this neighborhood .
Those in Egypt , Libya , Iraq , and Yemen were eventually overthrown by secular nationalist revolutionaries .
The other women gasped and asked , And what is the famous Lipschitz curse ?
As a participant in the Chancellor 's Circle or Chancellor 's Associates , you will receive reports from Jerry Bepko on how he puts your gifts to work .
Make-believe play is yet another .
This fall alumni and students at the Indiana University School of Law Indianapolis will initiate several programs to encourage alumni support for the school .
United Way of Central Indiana adds value by doing research and follow-up to make sure that the most important needs are being met in the most efficient way .
The Grill will feature enough activities that you and your kids will have a tough time deciding what to do .
-LRB- This , remember , was in my youth , and it was a time when typographical errors were called typographical errors , not typos ` at least by kids in junior high . -RRB-
Perhaps $ 100 is more to your liking or , perhaps , you would be interested in making several smaller gifts during the year .
Please send the largest contribution you can comfortably make .
I look around well he was right here .
That was the first time I saw them , the gue , the guerillas .
Our answer to that is , we stay focused on our mission of empowerment of women and their families .
Some of Bin Ladin 's companies ran short of funds .
Given the predominant share of workers in assembly , organization of work in the sewing room has been the central focus of management attention .
Um , Can we turn that off while I think ?
By 1993 , Penney was using EDI for processing 97 percent of purchase orders and 85 percent of invoices with 3,400 of its 4,000 suppliers .
It is only from an article about CED that we learn it has 171,000 entries , which suggests that Collins means by references what Merriam-Webster means by entries . But CED and Cobuild certainly do not say so !
Is there a favorite story or storybook or anything that you had when you were little that somebody read to you ?
It is wonderful to be able to write this letter to you as a special friend of the Leukemia Society of America .
They need individual support to attend conferences , present papers , publish their works , and keep in touch with others in their fields across the country .
Under L , entries include Latin/Greek , defined by Aphra Behn , cited in Dale Spender 's book , as ` Secret codes supplied through an education traditionally denied women .
My father did n't read anything in terms of what you 'd call a book , uh , but he was analytical of the Sport of Kings , and , so would peruse the paper to check on that . But , uh , my mother , uh , you know , did n't read a whole lot , but spent a lot of time reading to me , uh , my being an only child .
Um , she always kept all her bills and expenses at an absolute minimum ran everything very efficiently kept an extremely tidy house uh .
Chair is a Greek compound of kata ` down ' + hedra ` sit , seat .
When we quote from a source document , we use its transliteration , e.g. , al Qida instead of al Qaeda .
Does he ever let you drive the car ?
Are you going to buy any gifts for people or make anything ?
His primary concern was ensuring that the pilots had a clear understanding of their rules of engagement .
While it apparently was not heard by the passengers , this announcement , like those on Flight 11 and Flight 77 , was intended to deceive them .
You still do .
Do not sit this one out .
So , then , I grabbed him , and when I grabbed him , I put him under the bed , and I went outside .
This in turn will help us to increase and even improve the services we offer .
Well , let 's see , there 's I guess one of the favorite author 's of mine is Isaac Asimov who wrote some of the best science and science fiction that was ever written .
They have already transformed channel relations in such industries as food and grocery , home-building products , personal computers , and office products .
In terms of the retail bottom line , this risk appeared in the indirect costs associated with holding inventories of unwanted products and stock-outs of popular items .
traces the word from an episode of the comic strip Buck Rogers in the 25th Century written by Philip Francis Nowlan in 1929 -- Ahead of me was one of those golden dragon Mongols , with a deadly disintegrator ray .
Gowers , himself an Englishman , said that in Scotland , its land of origin , the pronunciation is skawn , and English people who know this so pronounce it .
Yeah , I liked it a lot .
In the United States , NORAD is divided into three sectors .
Nine months earlier -LRB- before the child could talk -RRB- , the family had taken the same walk .
In addition , gifts provide essential support in a number of other areas , including recruitment of new faculty members and students , maintaining our Career Services office , securing guest speakers , supporting the school 's commencement and publications
Representatives from 43 different countries were in attendance .
But the power of words is such that I contend their impact is totally lost if not treated somehow , there is a difference between Someone had written shit on the wall and Some asshole had written shit on the wall : the writer of the former has more credibility ; the writer of the latter was , very likely , the very asshole who had written shit on the wall .
As a result , she acquires reasoning skills and can take initiative when faced with future problems .
Denouncing waywardness among the faithful , some clerics have appealed for a return to observance of the literal teachings of the Qur ` an and Hadith .
We provide free counseling and support services to them through our office in Birmingham , and we have camping and adventure services for them here on our Lake Martin Campus .
\ \ How \ \ , how come ?
Incidentally , it is now the reference dictionary for the National Scrabble Championship in Britain .
Um , do you remember everything that your mom , like when she 's telling the story , do you remember everything she tells or is some of it you remember and some of it you do n't ?
You can help us help overburdened new parents .
Instead , its very essence is self-restraint ` voluntarily following social rules .
It is great to know that people , like you , who have graduated from our program are willing to support us in such a significant way .
You still do .
Thus the evidence at the RHD offices indicated the need for reinforcement of the notion of maleness associated with the word , not , as M and S suggest , a trend toward epicenism .
Journalist Charles Rappaport once quipped , I speak ten languages ` all of them Yiddish .
By the late 1980s , a growing number of retailers had started changing the way they did business .
But he places most blame on how contemporary children are reared .
to which the other replied , Yes , put it in it , and pull it down .
And do you read a lot ?
In sociocultural theory , this joint , mutual focus is called intersubjectivity , or shared understanding .
So what is the explanation of the phrase cold enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey ? Well , the obvious one , I believe .
About someone who is in complete charge of a project , they could say , He runs things completely !
go off half cocked Muzzleloaders , then as now , had a half cock , or safety position , for a gun 's hammer that partially back-locked the trigger mechanism so that the weapon could not be fired .
Engineers designed operations to take similar lengths of time to achieve line balancing .
And he said , Ma'am , he said , what did the guerrillas that were there eating do with themselves ?
She has a cut , see ?
hordes of giggling high school girls ...
Cabin service would have begun .
It would be so damn foggy you could not see the yellow line on that divided highway in front of you and we to turn left out onto this highway .
33 By 1994 , the Saudi government would freeze his financial assets and revoke his citizenship .
Attaining a Subtle Grasp of Mental Life .
As you know , major changes in dental education are under way throughout the country .
Levi 's uses proprietary software to make these modifications , but other software systems are commercially available for modifying standard patterns and producing a marker to guide fabric cutting .
It 's not a family story .
I might add that a gift of $ 400 qualifies you for recognition in the School of Liberal Arts Dean 's Council , a critical group of supporters whose generosity does a lot to advance the calibre of the School .
The onomatoplazia of inflammable is so common that flammable , or even flamable is now commonly substituted , especially on trucks .
The sociocultural vision is very dierent from behaviorism , which views development as directly imposed , or shaped , by external forces .
But I 'm also trying to teach them that they have to earn what they get , and to be part of making sure their lives are better .
He worked , he 's a teacher , and at that time he worked as the principal of that school , of that school , because it was a , like a high school , there was , from first -LRB- grade -RRB- to high school .
Parental oversight and involvement in children 's TV viewing are essential for two reasons .
We wo n't let her see the tape .
Both set off the alarm , and they were directed to a second metal detector .
He notified his supervisor , who passed the notice up the chain of command .
In urban centers , there have always been small shops with goods for sale .
Once constructed , this persisting psychological self serves as an anchor for unique experiences , which are retained easily as long as they become personally meaningful .
* $ 400 will pay for one program for an entire school .
Now that , that you 're an adult obviously and have had children of your own what stories do you remember telling to your own children , and reading to your own children ?
When I was teaching there , the explanation invariably given by boys brought to me for scrapping in the playground Ee it oi , so oi it ee .
Collins allows the Scots pronunciation , but , I am sorry to report , favors the English .
There was one particular woman I do n't recall her name .
Yiddish is written in the characters of the Hebrew alphabet and from right to left and enjoys borrowing words from Russian , Polish , English , and all the other languages and countries along the routes that Jews have traveled during the past thousand years .
But he would indeed be feigning naivete to claim that generic man is now understood to include woman .
An endowed chair will greatly benefit the IU School of Dentistry in recruiting and retaining outstanding faculty .
Um , Peyton Place was , had , um , kind of a fascination because I was at summer camp in NH , near Gilmanton Iron Works , where that woman , the author , lived .
On behalf of all the men , women and children in Central Indiana who will benefit from your kindness , thank you .
Go ahead Adam .
At 9:39 , the FAA 's Cleveland Air Route Traffic Control Center overheard a second announcement indicating that there was a bomb on board , that the plane was returning to the airport , and that they should remain seated .
He passed these instructions to the pilots that launched at 10:42 and afterward .
That was Robert Frost .
Support at this level could assist the dental school in a variety of ways .
Would you say that um , your mom or you dad or whoever is telling the story , tells that part of the story , the , the last part when you came to the door and she saw the glow of light , would you say that they tell that part of the story more than any other part or do they tell the whole thing from beginning to end ?
A moment later , the clear , high-pitched sound of the whistle could be heard over the Rabbi 's final shofar blast .
Tax dollars that would have been spent on public assistance are saved .
The coat manufacturer will have to hold relatively more finished goods inventory of the low volume SKUs than of the high volume SKUs .
Clusters of Supplier One Innovation Is Not Enough
Helen W. Power , in Women on Language ; Women in Language -LSB- XV
Though Bin Ladin 's destination was Afghanistan , Pakistan was the nation that held the key to his ability to use Afghanistan as a base from which to revive his ambitious enterprise for war against the United States .
By 1993 , Penney was using EDI for processing 97 percent of purchase orders and 85 percent of invoices with 3,400 of its 4,000 suppliers .
When I first came to Goodwill I was a single parent with little or no self-esteem .
It is shameful that the Gage Canadian allows only plaid .
Let 's get it right .
A spiritual guide for both , but especially the Islamic Group , was the so-called Blind Sheikh , Omar Abdel Rahman .
At 9:24 , Ballinger 's warning to United 93 was received in the cockpit .
And in enabling children to practice and perfect narrative skills , adult-child conversation provides crucial preparation for literacy .
I moved to San Diego .
As Figure 6.6 shows , the safety stock needed to achieve a given customer service level is proportional to the standard deviation of the demand forecast .
Consider the following problematic situations that parents recently raised with
Now I am writing to ask if you would continue your support with a further donation for 1990 .
Pursuant to the Nunn-Lugar-Domenici Domestic Preparedness Program , the Defense Department began in 1997 to train first responders in 120 of the nation 's largest cities .
Each of us needs to be ambassadors for Dentistry within our own practices , and at church , athletic and social events .
By the autumn of 1993 , U.S. commanders concluded that the main source of trouble was a warlord , Mohammed Farrah Aidid .
From his headquarters in Jersey City , he distributed messages calling for the murder of unbelievers .
Letters in support or condemnation of the QES program -LRB- though one may assume they will insist on programme -RRB- should be addressed to Mrs Anne Shelley , Secretary , Queen 's English Society , 3 Manor Crescent , Guildford GU2 6NF , England .
As the children gained perceptual , cognitive , and motor experiences , stimulated intact areas of the cerebral cortex compensated for the early damage .
Here 's how it Simply detach the Care Card from the top of this letter and keep it handy .
I 'm going to try to confirm an ID for you , but I would assume he 's somewhere over , uh , either New Jersey or somewhere further south .
The new world of rapid replenishment implies additional capabilities for both the retailer and manufacturer .
Nobody who knew him would have expected him to do anything else , whether he had been sent away in disgrace or not ` but , as it was thought he had left the country , his return did have a dramatic quality .
Even though we receive operating funds from the state , there are a myriad of additional expenses to be met , such as welding equipment for sculpture , pottery wheels for ceramics , and computers for graphics .
Girl Scouting 's many friends who have been the recipients of good wishes , we have enhanced our facilities and programs to increase the joy that Girl Scouting brings to all girls .
/ / The gas station part .
Muscat , or muscatel , on the other hand , is found on skid rows all over the land .
IUPUI 's goals for the 1990s , in the context of Indiana University 's statewide plans , call for improving undergraduate education , enhancing relationships with the community , and strengthening research that will stimulate Indiana 's economic growth .
go off half cocked Muzzleloaders , then as now , had a half cock , or safety position , for a gun 's hammer that partially back-locked the trigger mechanism so that the weapon could not be fired .
This retailer launched its Web site in 1995 , the first major apparel retailer to do so .
Girl Scouting 's many friends who have been the recipients of good wishes , we have enhanced our facilities and programs to increase the joy that Girl Scouting brings to all girls .
It was always warm .
The literacy statistics change little from year to year .
Consider the following conversation between Mel and his 4-year-old son , Ben , as the pair took a summer-evening walk on a California beach near their home .
Wo n't you be a part of extending the promise with your gift today ?
On the other hand , I do not have the hard evidence at hand and assume that the RHD does .
Wages have risen relative to the average of all manufacturing or nondurable manufacturing .
Mr. Delaney is a victim of the confusion so often experienced by Latin students between the gerund , which is a neuter noun , active in meaning , and the gerundive , which is an adjective of similar form , but passive in meaning .
So , too , feminists lobby for gender-neutral terms when appropriate .
And they are less likely to cry and more likely to use gestures and words to express their desires than are infants whose parents delayed or failed to respond to their calls for help .
And that 's why I 'm writing to you today .
But while the effort failed , it shows what Bin Ladin and his associates hoped to do .
The automated sewing systems that create the closely spaced regular stitch patterns used as decorative top stitching on men 's dress shirts , collars , cuffs , and pockets are examples of expensive machines operated for a single shift .
Like neither , like I 'm the first one in my family to go to college on my dad 's side .
Crisis managers at the FAA and the airlines did not yet act to warn other aircraft .
as invested with its dignity , since the seventeenth century just as the Crown has been used for the monarch , or the Oval Office has come to stand for the President of the United States .
This is demonstrated in a variety of a shared literacy and the assumptions and biases that go with it ; an awareness of what books are for ; consciousness and use of innumerable cultural allusions and educated idioms ; and a relative ease in reading a periodical called VERBATIM , with sections called OBITER DICTA and EPISTOLAE .
After bloody struggles , the Sunni became -LRB- and remain -RRB- the majority sect .
Therefore , I stand uncorrected .
Statistical analysis showed that those garments for which the Buying Committee had the greatest disagreement were indeed those with the greatest demand uncertainty .
I collected , in northeastern Colorado , a very large -LRB- ca. 1 inch -RRB- species of robber fly -LRB- family Asilidae -RRB- .
And you were born in Presbyterian Hospital .
A Stitch in Time is organized into five sections , roughly corresponding to the channel components .
How about um , your kids ?
And , instead of providing an open-ended guarantee on prices to its distributors , the company would guarantee the price for only two weeks after purchase by the distributor , refusing to take back computers unless they malfunctioned .
We are the only statewide not-for-profit organization whose primary mission is child abuse prevention .
So , I have my sister 's kid here and I 'm going to kill him underneath this vehicle shortly .
What how often .
That fund would allow us to grant a $ 500 scholarship annually to meritorious applicants with financial need .
Shootdown authority was first communicated to NEADS at 10:31 .
When Bond Stores had customers lining up around the block to buy suits , casual wear , as we know it today , did not exist .
And the Family Studies Project is planning a journal .
According to Miyares , the DBA is the first organization to target the role of disabled persons in business .
We have relied on a mix of common sense , the sound of the name in Arabic , and common usage in source materials , the press , or government documents .
Go ahead Adam .
What were your least favorite parts of the story ?
Our programs are provided to schools at a price far below our actual cost .
Hence , the term isogloss , from iso - ` same ' + gloss ` word , ' to describe the line on a map where the terms are of equal distribution .
The father wove an animated tale about a boy named Chaim , who had great diculty remaining quiet during the holiday service .
My prize example was uttered by the incomparable Cher , during a morning-show interview .
The line to the White House shelter conference room-and the Vice President - kept cutting off .
Much that might have been offered with sober good advice here is contaminated by an obsessive concern with the identification of the sex of the perpetrator of past injustices .
Southern manufacturers had already adopted steam engines for textile production , along with newer and more productive technology .
No normal speaker of English encountering Man wants but little here below wonders ` except facetiously ` why women have been ignored .
Like in most schools in Charlotte , if you go on other sides , it 's like everybody 's just white , but in my school , there was every kind of person you could ever meet .
In October , we will begin our annual telefund .
We found no evidence that , at this critical time , NORAD 's top commanders , in Florida or Cheyenne Mountain , coordinated with their counterparts at FAA headquarters to improve awareness and organize a common response .
At first glance , it might appear that almost all of the cloth is used in the marker ; in fact , only 90 percent has been covered in the layout of 108 individual pieces .
Outraged , several Libyan members of al Qaeda and the Islamic Army Shura renounced all connections with him .
Indeed , if you watch preschoolers at play , you will see that they rarely violate the rules of their social world .
In addition to that , by helping them find jobs , Goodwill reduced the state 's Public Support tab by an estimated $ 4 million .
The Vice President was logged calling the President at 10:18 for a twominute conversation that obtained the confirmation .
One senior FAA air traffic control manager said that it was simply not the FAA 's place to order the airlines what to tell their pilots .
I had , had put in several weeks that were between 60 and 90 hours a week .
And as our discussion in Chapter 6 will reveal , on the whole , the quality of American child care ` whether center-based or home-based ` is mediocre to abysmal .
Gifts to the Chancellor 's Circle will help pay travel costs to our city and campus for prospective faculty and their spouses , along with some relocation costs .
After being in and out of Egyptian prisons during the 1980s , Abdel Rahman found refuge in the United States .
The Vice President was wondering how the hell could a plane hit the World Trade Center when he saw the second aircraft strike the South Tower .
Many Americans have wondered , Why do ` they ' hate us ?
The Campaign is directed at law firms and businesses having 10 or more alumni .
Is this real-world or exercise ?
Then he assists with a general prompt , Which piece might go down here ?
The total was approximately 2800 , but that is probably only a vague he undoubtedly missed some ; some have sprung up since his time -LRB- modern Hebrew , for instance -RRB- ; and some have vanished .
Your past contribution provided a direct line of support for local programs that promote health and wellness , strengthen families , invest in our children , help people become self-sufficient , and serve the elderly and disabled .
I look around well he was right here .
Uh , how important it was to read and we 're all English majors , I think that has something to do with it ; my brother , sister and I are all , we 're all English majors in college .
Chapters 8 through 10 focus on the apparel industry ; Chapters 11 and 12 look at textiles .
While writers whose business it is to be witty often fail to produce , grave authors occasionally are mirthful when laughter is farthest from their minds .
joint facility in Riyadh for training the Saudi National Guard .
\ \ How \ \ , how come ?
Community needs are increasing and your help is needed more than ever .
The total production quantity for each SKU is allocated between the two plants .
We are pleased to note that Hu-Friedy , L.D.Caulk , and Star Dental have each agreed to contribute to this worthy cause .
Then he assists with a general prompt , Which piece might go down here ?
We provide free counseling and support services to them through our office in Birmingham , and we have camping and adventure services for them here on our Lake Martin Campus .
The idea of a metal stand carrying a pyramid of cannon balls so delicately balanced as to be affected by the tiny differential expansion of brass and iron does not bear thinking about in a heavy sea .
The popularity of casual-wear items like T-shirts and jeans ` quintessentially factory-sewn garments ` has also shifted sewing from home to the factory .
Anything you remember ?
A small capital in Czechoslovakia
The complexity of the problem , even for basic blue jeans , is staggering .
But another aircraft was heading toward Washington , an aircraft about which NORAD had heard United 93 .
They were , um , they were best-seller type fiction from the um , 40 's and 50 's and 60 's and on , just , they were members of a book club and they got a lot of books that way .
Now where did you , when you were hearing these stories , your mother was telling them to you , where were you living at the time ?
They assumed the fighter escort would be discreet , vectored to a position five miles directly behind the hijacked aircraft , where it could perform its mission to monitor the aircraft 's flight path .
We 're told that one aircraft is down but we do not have a pilot report that did it .
Also at 8:25 , and again at 8:29 , Amy Sweeney got through to the American Flight Services Office in Boston but was cut off after she reported someone was hurt aboard the flight .
Not that I can remember , no , uh uh .
A diskette is also called a floppy ; the reason for the name is not immediately apparent -LRB- nor why the item is called a diskette , for that matter -RRB- , but all becomes clear .
Many business firms have casual days for office attire .
That same while that I was there at my brother 's , we went to look for , the people who owned land , to see if they would give me , pasture land for the animals .
For as long as he needs it , Goodwill will continue to help .
It 's a faith that has made brothers and sisters of every race .
Yeah , but I 've done it for so long , I 'm used to like lifeguard and like everything like that .
The President emphasized to us that he had authorized the shootdown of hijacked aircraft .
They want to regain their parents ' warmth and approval as quickly as possible .
More subtle and less readily articulated objections probably exist .
What does he do ?
-RRB- for the ironic title of his dystopic novel .
We can and should be proud that the IU School of Dentistry is positioned to remain an international leader in these challenging times facing health care .
These new practices ` which we call lean retailing ` have compelled apparel producers to reorganize the manner in which they relate to retail customers , undertake distribution , forecast and plan production , and manage their supplier relations .
Moscow declared it would pull its military forces out of Afghanistan within the next nine months .
Its institutions take many forms and survive under many different political regimes .
My favorite story , um , oh , Cinderella .
According to Miyares ' wife , JoAnn , the decision changed his life .
She uses speech derived from that conversation to refiect on the thunder , allay her fear , and help her wait until Deb 's task is finished and they can go inside .
Your support is vital and your generosity will make a real difference .
Similar meetings between Iraqi officials and Bin Ladin or his aides may have occurred in 1999 during a period of some reported strains with the Taliban .
He urged Muslims to read the Qur ` an and the Hadith for themselves , not to depend solely on learned interpreters like himself but to hold one another to account for the quality of their observance .
Among infiuential explanations of why preschoolers are so drawn to pretending , Freud 's psychoanalytic theory and Piaget 's cognitive theory held sway for much of the twentieth century .
How about does um , your Dad read any stories to you ?
metaschizotherium Not an over-arching , society-wide split personality , but mind blowingly enough an extinct rhino with a fivetoed foot .
Bolten watched the exchanges and , after what he called a quiet moment , suggested that the Vice President get in touch with the President and confirm the engage order .
But of what use is a long entry on spoonerisms ?
According to Miyares ' wife , JoAnn , the decision changed his life .
Narrative conversation also fosters language development and emergent literacy , which greatly ease the task of learning to read and write when children get to school .
The order must be broken down into groups of units to be worked on together .
It was about seven or eight feet tall .
A number of poignant Yiddish words defy genuine translation into
Perhaps one day we shall find an Etruscan library , buried deep in the Italian countryside ; but for the present , we have to make do with what we have , which is precious little .
Yeah , he taxied to a gas station to fill it up .
I enjoy sharing these small victories with you through my letters .
That is nonsense , of course ; but even if the users remain keenly aware that 1669 is the date only of the earliest written evidence , of what use or importance is that to them ?
We have provided throughout the years quality legal education , and we are continuing to improve .
Unless I 'm like , when I go home for like Christmas break , after being there for like two weeks , it was like I 'd never moved out and we get kind of like tense with each other .
There are also stories of subcontractors , in this country as well as overseas , crumpling a marker up so that when it is laid out again it will be just a little smaller in width and length ' a trick to save a fraction of a percent from each piece .
I collected , in northeastern Colorado , a very large -LRB- ca. 1 inch -RRB- species of robber fly -LRB- family Asilidae -RRB- .
Ah , Uncle Wiggly was a favorite .
The President 's motorcade departed at 9:35 , and arrived at the airport between 9:42 and 9:45 .
It is quite possible Jarrah knew of the success of the assault on the World Trade Center .
Only after a common convention for bar codes had been established and in use for several years did retailers turn to such systems to transmit and receive data from suppliers .
Societies seldom see what is central in their own cultures , having much less trouble identifying it in the cultures of others .
At 9:39 , the FAA 's Cleveland Air Route Traffic Control Center overheard a second announcement indicating that there was a bomb on board , that the plane was returning to the airport , and that they should remain seated .
I said to him , that they want to do in that meeting ?
It is not widely recognized that in our community there are families in need .
They say we 're going up in the mountains to find some snow .
Manager , New York We have several situations going on here .
Bin Ladin said in his ABC interview that he and his followers had been preparing in Somalia for another long struggle , like that against the Soviets in Afghanistan , but the United States rushed out of Somalia in shame and disgrace .
Thanks for your consideration !
If the sewing machine is correctly threaded , the operator then lifts the presser foot ' a device that comes down on either side of the needle to hold the cloth ` and , if the needle is in the up position , inserts the fabric .
It was something that they were in a position to do one time and no one before or no one since could ever reduplicate it .
The intent is that the faculty will contribute to the award annually .
Such retailers can also gather data about customer demographics , past purchases , and responses to potential substitute items , all of which add up to a gold mine of information about consumer preferences .
The items are then stored in a way that makes them easy to pick for an order about to be shipped .
Considering the circulation of The New York Times on Sundays , his column is probably the most widely read commentary on contemporary English in the world ; that places more than one uncommon burden on a he must do his utmost to be accurate ; he must try to select subjects likely to be of interest to his readers ; and he must write well .
Children become better at taking the perspective of their partner , especially a partner who adjusts his or her communication to the child 's level and observes the child closely to assess his or her comprehension .
Anthropology is one of its own more recent subdivisions .
I have seen a calendar -LRB- Workman Publishing Co. , New York -RRB- which defined it as personal magnetism and charm , and said , Given today 's extensive TV coverage , political candidates need duende if they hope to be accepted by the public .
Um , I guess the time when I was four .
Otherwise , the two parties make independent decisions that myopically optimize their own profits , without complete consideration of the impact these decisions may have on other players in the channel .
Your contribution is more than a simple tax-deductible donation .
Today , in addition to one-on-one tutoring , we offer small group and English as a Second Language tutoring and video-based instruction for adults with learning disabilities .
Command Uh , that 's a decision somebody 's gon na have to make probably in the next ten minutes .
We can support such a scholarship if you will give $ 25.00 to the English Alumni Scholarship Fund .
Between these is an occasional flash of useful wisdom , much of it pretty well covered by other books of this type -LRB- which seem to be proliferating -RRB- .
One other technical innovation deserves mention here , partly because it illustrates why the most sophisticated equipment is not always appropriate for factory operations .
So you 'll go back to school if that does n't work out ?
For example , the Secretary of Labor has used his or her bully pulpit to call attention to the problem
At the very least , you 'll give one child the chance to see God 's face , and feel His love .
Lean retailing has also changed the way the textile industry relates to both apparel producers and retailers .
Like because my dad always treated me like a boy because I was like I was the first girl on my dad 's side of the family in like , four generations or something like that .
Bin Ladin has stated flatly , Our fight against these governments is not separate from our fight against you .
But the conflict did not begin on 9/11 .
It only takes three quick , easy steps to obtain a matching gift from your -LRB- or your spouse 's -RRB- employer to enhance your donation to the Indiana University School of Law - Indianapolis .
Please renew your commitment today .
Sixteen seconds after that transmission , ATC instructed the aircraft 's pilots to climb to 35,000 feet .
No state dollars are available for this project .
And it , it kind of makes me feel bad .
Appreciate it .
When we began our research , we were advised by American industry participants to establish better performance measures ` for example , how many minutes does it take to make a shirt ?
After learning that United Airlines was missing a plane , American Airlines headquarters extended the ground stop nationwide .
That one time you were trying to take that floor joist .
So I did n't like that at first , and then , of course , you know , as the story unfolded , you would , uh , relate that to your own experiences of being afraid and , and learning to conquer those fears and that kind of thing .
What kind of stories does she tell you ?
As this was happening , passenger Daniel Lewin , who was seated in the row just behind Atta and Omari , was stabbed by one of the hijackers-probably Satam al Suqami , who was seated directly behind Lewin .
Otherwise , the two parties make independent decisions that myopically optimize their own profits , without complete consideration of the impact these decisions may have on other players in the channel .
American also began getting identifications of the hijackers , as Ong and then Sweeney passed on some of the seat numbers of those who had gained unauthorized access to the cockpit .
Rosentraub Associate Dean of SPEA at Indianapolis
As a byproduct of participation , children gain a rich understanding of their own and others ' mental lives ` powerful tools in predicting and explaining human behavior and , therefore , in getting along with others .
At 9:32 , they found one .
Please join us as we continue to rebuild this historic neighborhood into a place of pride and community strength .
Misalignment of the edges can ruin many pattern pieces and the final garments for which they were intended .
Or do would they rather you have stay in Nursing ?
This information infrastructure proved most beneficial when it gave Penney 's major vendors access to sales data via direct broadcast satellite .
Most of the book is an A-Z listing of words that are , for the most part , sexist , but , as the author sets forth in the User 's Guide , Some words are included here because they are Is a belly dancer always a woman ?
Initially , his successors could be drawn from the Prophet 's contemporaries , but with time , this was no longer possible .
Chapters 13 through 15 examine the channel as a whole , from global , private-performance , and public-policy perspectives .
More likely , they read wants as meaning ` desires ' rather than ` lacks , ' but that might well be a deliberate , facetious ambiguity .
Five years .
And , um , I just wish that my counselor would have been more helpful to me .
Because teaching a man to fish will keep him fed for his entire life .
And uh , I do n't remember the specifics as to what he did , but the bus driver Louie was about four and a half feet tall driving a 72-passenger diesel bus .
We have already seen how academically related tasks , family celebrations , family outings , and adult-child storybook reading are excellent focal points for adult-child engagement .
On 9/11 , the terrorists turned off the transponders on three of the four hijacked aircraft .
So I remember silly things like that , that were a lot of fun . I read , uh , the story that , I do n't , this is n't , ah , I think the first real story that I read was , uh , The Red Badge of Courage .
However , when I highlighted antecedent , what appeared on the screen was the same list of synonyms but with antecedent missing , and preceding had reappeared .
For example , increasing the number of products offered in a category by a factor of four -LRB- say from fifty items to 200 -RRB- without increasing total demand in the category would increase the coefficient of variation for each individual product by a factor of two .
as invested with its dignity , since the seventeenth century just as the Crown has been used for the monarch , or the Oval Office has come to stand for the President of the United States .
-LRB- -RRB- When cancer comes up I 'm just pretty , pretty interested in it , to find out what they went through and I can relate to it .
He did so because one of the brothers did not have photo identification nor could he understand English , and because the agent found both of the passengers to be suspicious .
Be that as it may , a later Australian visitor to English drizzle might feel nostalgic when thinking of the parched and thirsty but water-obsessed vocabulary developed in the drier areas of our sunburnt land .
As a result , product proliferation represents a shift in the curve relating sales volume and variability -LRB- see Figure 7.4 -RRB- .
Umm , go ahead and tell me about a story .
So , what I am going to ask you is what was your philosophy behind that ?
It is a game that is like fishing in a barrel , but more stimulating mentally .
The NEADS technician who took this call from the FAA immediately passed the word to the mission crew commander , who reported to the NEADS battle Mission Crew Commander , Okay , uh , American Airlines is still airborne .
At 9:03 , United 175 crashed into the South Tower .
As explained in previous chapters , variation in weekly demand can be characterized by a standardized measure , the coefficient of variation , or Cv .
Your investment is critical to making our community a better place .
Under its , it 's , Bryson gives , among others the following examples from the Washington Post , Its the worst its been in the last five years , Its come full circle , then goes on to say It 's , which was intended in each of the examples above , is the contraction of it is .
How old were you when she shared this story with you ?
Earth to Marvin .
As surveys have shown that etymological information is the least often sought after , making the average user wade through the etymology before getting to the definition has always seemed pointless and irritating to me ; besides , it is unlikely that the serious , consistent seeker of etymological information is likely to use anything but the OED or a major etymological dictionary .
OK , I thought so .
The emergency call lasted approximately 25 minutes , as Ong calmly and professionally relayed information about events taking place aboard the airplane to authorities on the ground .
Please make camp possible for all deserving Indianapolis children and send in a tax deductible contribution today in the enclosed envelope .
These people are living proof that your investment pays off .
That 's a little bit of pressure , though .
Vivacious , stimulating parental behavior , including frequent questioning , instructing , and pointing out objects , is beneficial for reserved , inactive infants ; it helps them become interested in and engaged with novel toys .
By 1920 , over half of the spinning and weaving capacity was in the South , leading industrialization there .
Perhaps the fascination with man 's past grew out of the obsession with ruins evinced by Romanticism ; certainly , modern archaeology seems to have followed close behind , for the excavation of the supposed site of Troy took place only about 100 years ago .
Formally defined as the standard deviation of demand divided by average demand , the coefficient of variation can be considered a measure of variation that is normalized ; it allows us to compare the variation of demand for different products , even if the average demand of the two products is quite different .
We did n't get to spend any time with each other and just being married , and , you know , within a year or so or a year or two it was , um , Kim being unfamiliar with , with New York City and not really liking it very much .
Finally , measurement , fit , color , and texture remain central components of apparel sales .
Slang 's space cadet ` an eccentric , especially one who is stuporous or out of touch with reality ' evolved from Tom Corbett , Space Cadet , a 1950 television series depicting the adventures of a 24th-century cadet in the Solar Guides , the interplanetary police force keeping order in the Solar Alliance .
I hope that you agree that these activities are essential to being a part of a world community .
Basic items also represent a major percentage of all apparel goods sold .
-LRB- I have often wondered why the publishers did not have the nerve to call themselves F ** k and Wagnalls .
Six , southwest of the White House , deviating away .
When you give to Big Sisters , you can get 50 percent back !
Bin Ladin had to tell the Libyans who had been part of his Islamic army that he could no longer protect them and that they had to leave the country .
These new practices ` which we call lean retailing ` have compelled apparel producers to reorganize the manner in which they relate to retail customers , undertake distribution , forecast and plan production , and manage their supplier relations .
We are privately funded by thousands of individuals , clubs , businesses , churches , foundations - and others .
We uh , we would run our safety drills at the elementary school .
Let 's see , recent authors You 've probably never heard of any of these , but Gregory Benford is very good , these are science fiction , uh , see David Grant , science fiction that is real good .
I will call you in a few weeks to discuss your level of interest .
Please send your most generous gift today .
The manufacture of men 's shirts provides another illustration .
Although a seemingly mundane , tactical aspect of business , a firm 's inventory strategy reflects its approach to managing risk .
A favorite story about anything ?
The YMCA of the USA also named it an Outstanding International Program in 1997 .
Even for basic products , demand varies from day to day and week to week .
If you try to make any moves , you 'll endanger yourself and the airplane .
It is similar with members low on the ladder of rank .
But stories I remember hearing one of uh , I believe it was Marsha uh , the wind caught the storm door there she was , she was uh , hanging on to the back storm door and I guess pulled it open a little bit to see what was going on and the wind caught it and threw her right out in the yard .
Only one thing made me a little suspicious when cranking up the in the descriptive text that appears on the screen , the word labeled is spelt labelled ` decidedly un-American .
Making a marker is a complicated task , even with modern computer assistance .
At the same time , the company began to redesign its logistics system ` the method it used to move goods from suppliers , through warehouses , and to delivery at stores .
At 8:51 , the controller noticed the transponder change from United 175 and tried to contact the aircraft .
The interest in man 's forebears did not become fashionable upon the publication , a few years ago , of Roots : on a far larger scale , we have been trying to discover all we can about the origins not of men but of man .
And it was an important aspect , was there a particular crowd that hung out because of that ?
NEADS reported to the Continental U.S.
It 's definitely grown .
It has been a busy time , for we have an ambitious agenda for growth and development .
My dad he , I do n't know , he does n't think I 'm stupid , but he does n't he wants better for me , than what he has .
Rice , who entered the room shortly after the Vice President and sat next to him , remembered hearing him inform the President , Sir , the CAPs are up .
It is unlike Dr. Aman to cloak his subject ` dirty language'under the euphemism verbal aggression : he and most of the authors of the articles appearing in Maledicta let it all hang out ; some , however , tuck it away neatly and write under a pseudonym .
As this exchange shows , Secretary Rumsfeld was not in the NMCC when the shootdown order was first conveyed .
She did not display signs of panic and did not indicate any awareness of an impending crash .
Atone comes from the Middle English at ` at ' + on ` one .
The flight attendant reported that the flight had been hijacked , both pilots had been killed , a flight attendant had been stabbed , and the hijackers were probably flying the plane .
How about when you were in school ?
We did n't get to spend any time with each other and just being married , and , you know , within a year or so or a year or two it was , um , Kim being unfamiliar with , with New York City and not really liking it very much .
YMCA of Greater Indianapolis RLYOC-Urban Mission July 29 , 1999 Page 2
People just do n't have the time or take the time to keep the traditions going they just get too busy or too lazy .
The parallels with the information integration now occurring in retail-apparel-textile channels ` this time driven by advances in computer and related technologies ` are striking .
OK Adam is now going to talk about the music industry .
Today 's girls will be tomorrow 's leaders -- and they 're counting on YOU !
The use of modern design tools and information technology can collapse the design time so that managerial decision-making becomes the longest step in the process ` and even the time for that step can be shortened with information technology .
You were called and requested additional information prior to making a pledge or gift to the law school .
Simply put , the less certain retailers are of the demand for their product , the more safety stock they must hold to meet consumer needs .
At 9:58:57 , Jarrah told another hijacker in the cockpit to block the door .
Oftener than not , use of language establishes membership and social-cum-educational rank as clearly as any parchment .
Um , what kind of things did you remember reading when you started to read ?
You can literally help save a life .
The controller tracking American 77 told us he noticed the aircraft turning to the southwest , and then saw the data disappear .
They must desire genuine communication and work toward attaining it .
Adjective , being before especially in time or arrangement
Yet most understand its great potential , even if they openly admit they do n't have all the answers .
By the year 2000 .
Can you retell the story ?
Our close neighbour .
This guild of scholars is one of the most successful enterprises in the history of our species .
While it apparently was not heard by the passengers , this announcement , like those on Flight 11 and Flight 77 , was intended to deceive them .
The buyer should order 250 units , since there is a 75 percent probability that demand will be less than this .
Because of this , most expensive automation equipment is concentrated in preassembly , drawing on multi-shift operations .
American 77 was then 5 miles west-southwest of the Pentagon and began a 330-degree turn .
For example , Webster 's Ninth New Collegiate Dictionary -LRB- 1986 -RRB- defines a man-about-town as a wordly and socially active man .
And it was one afternoon I was out playing on the uh , sidewalk and uh Mom was , Mom was in the kitchen doing something and I was , I guess pretending to act like a salesman and I went up to the front door and rang the doorbell .
Please make checks payable to Indiana University Foundation .
The looking-glass image of utopia -- dystopia -- has provided more numerous additions to the English lexicon .
It was passed from here through the -LSB- operations -RSB- center at the White House , from the -LSB- shelter -RSB- .
I said , Well we got some / / gasoline .
We have created a scholarship endowment which will permanently recognize Dr. Steven Bricker 's contributions to our school and profession .
Both dictionaries list abbreviations and biographical and geographical entries in separate sections at the back , a practice I have never liked .
Make checks payable to Indiana University Foundation .
Your support for our work would be greatly appreciated .
The bull start making his noises and all that other stuff .
Yet few of us hear enough about kids who live through these adversities and do make the grade .
I , I do think they read to them when they are little .
Bin Ladin was prepared to pick up where he had left off in Sudan .
We 've helped people break free of the welfare cycle .
Kids probably wonder what God looks like .
But the cases suggest that stepping in only in at times of crisis can not compensate for providing the ongoing togetherness and haven of a family .
It was impossible not to remain humble in these circumstances .
Notwithstanding , even the brief glimpses afforded by such investigations can provide some insight into civilizations that existed hundreds or , in some cases , thousands of years earlier .
And in this network , Bin Ladin 's agenda stood out .
At best , experience with different combinations of waist sizes and leg lengths for a given design allows a scheduler to aggregate the units to be made into groups of large and small sizes , which means marker-makers can achieve efficiencies near 90 percent for casual pants .
Nothing I can remember that I got hurt .
Many of the children are victims of abuse or live in unstable homes .
Kid Ory played great jazz trombone .
This is New York Center .
They have the potential to shape our world and make important decisions that will affect us all .
Yeah , I have a son that uh , likes to relive the tragedy of his split lip .
Futures for Children was founded over 30 years ago to provide unique solutions for positive and sustainable social change by placing children at the center of community decision-making and action .
Parents seemed unable to distinguish good from substandard care .
Then , too , there have been the campaigners who have gone to what some regard as opposite if the head of a committee is known to be a man or a woman , then chairman or chairwoman must surely be the proper denotation ; if the sex of the person is not known , then chairperson , though awkward-sounding , is the preferred form .
Or the flight attendants may just have been in their way .
About this time , Card , the lead Secret Service agent , the President 's military aide , and the pilot were conferring on a possible destination for Air Force One .
Over the years , a number of well-respected individuals have spoken out on behalf of our mission ... our service ... and our stewardship .
Inside the NMCC , the deputy director for operations called for an allpurpose significant event conference .
Prior to 9/11 , it was understood that an order to shoot down a commercial aircraft would have to be issued by the National Command Authority -LRB- a phrase used to describe the president and secretary of defense -RRB- .
Luis Alonso , Luis Alonso , says to him , Luis Alonso 's friend .
Clearly , this rosily checkered past was soon to be replaced , chiefly , it seems , as Judeo-Christian-Islamic-Confucian-Buddhist cultures flourished .
Information regarding inadequate classrooms , moot court facilities , offices , the library and support service areas follow the above paragraphs .
In British English it is no longer considered a solecism to use the plurals they , their , them , theirs as a generalized pronoun for words like eyeryone , everybody , anyone , anybody , etc. .
Miyares ' repeated trips to sick call basically boiled down to , get your act together and get back in the field , or we 'll make you a private again sergeant .
Lot of times we just sit around and just reminisce and go back to the time when we were growing up .
Consider the following problematic situations that parents recently raised with
Consider sponsoring 1 , 2 , or 3 children .
I mean literally you could just see it hang , it looked like a fire scene on the news it was awful .
The increased volatility of producer and consumer prices in a number of sectors since 1995 has been attributed in part to the adoption of new inventory polices related to lean retailing .
Groundhog hole found the front tire of the motorcycle and I managed to fly over the handlebars .
However , what emerged were almost invariably autocratic regimes that were usually unwilling to tolerate any opposition-even in countries , such as Egypt , that had a parliamentary tradition .
And I 'm gon na take the fighters from Otis , try to chase this guy down if I can find him .
We classify the SKUs into three those with high demand -LRB- averaging 5,700 units a week -RRB- and low demand variation -LRB- Cv = 0.6 -RRB- , those with medium demand -LRB- averaging 3,000 units a week -RRB- and medium demand variation -LRB- Cv = 0.7 -RRB- , and those with low demand -LRB- averaging 1,300 units a week -RRB- and high demand variation -LRB- Cv = 1.3 -RRB- .
Others are from families that are struggling to provide a healthy , happy environment but do n't have the resources to make it possible .
As described below , the ensuing years saw additional efforts to establish connections .
Sweeney We are flying low .
The other maintains extensive information systems , which allow it to send , receive , and process information on retail demand , orders , and shipments ; advanced information technology also helps it plan manufacturing capacity so that the firm can engage in short-cycle production .
Now , I 'm on a journey .
The thin plastic sheet effectively cuts off the flow of room air through the fabric .
Perhaps the Proximity people thought that they had got round that little problem by giving the same definition for each of the items in the list ; but we know that only very rarely are two synonyms bi-unique -LRB- which is another way of saying that if A = B , B does not necessarily always equal A -RRB- , an ineluctable fact of language .
When toddlers begin to speak , their main interest is in talking about what people do and the consequences of their behavior .
American 77 was then 5 miles west-southwest of the Pentagon and began a 330-degree turn .
Members receive a membership package that includes all of our educational material , a subscription to aakp RENALlFE , membership in a local chapter if applicable and assurance that your voice is heard in Washington , DC .
Bin Ladin was prepared to pick up where he had left off in Sudan .
In the words of a newspaper ad for a language school , Do Mistake'Learn Better .
General Arnold later recalled instructing Marr to go ahead and scramble them , and we 'll get authorities later .
In the late 1990s , these extremist groups suffered major defeats by Kurdish forces .
The FAA cleared the airspace .
It 's kind of a , which is the cause and which is the effect , question .
She boldly marched into a bookstore and asked the salesclerk for a copy each of Hemingway 's The Sun Come Up Again and Throw Away the Gun and Steinbeck 's The Angry Grape . Is there a term for the errors that creep in while translating a passage back into the original tongue ?
We are pleased to tell you of a very exciting development with the fund , which has reached a market value of $ 750,000 .
We were putting siding on her house and beat on the door nobody comes to the door it 's summertime everybody sleeping until 10:00 .
An odd sidelight on this came a few days after reading the article .
As our consideration of Anselmo and his parents revealed , doing the task for the child severely reduces learning and self-regulation .
Two such hints , however , have only a few possible answers in common , so that the solver can concentrate on them and pick the most probable one .
At the other end of the spectrum , a manufacturer can alter its internal design , planning , procurement , and manufacturing operations and respond rapidly to demand changes through the use of flexible manufacturing or sourcing practices .
Rusine should be added to the supplement of English words ending in - ine -LRB- p.
At 9:42 , the Command Center learned from news reports that a plane had struck the Pentagon .
I read everything I could get my hands on .
Authoritative parenting , whether assessed through direct observation or older children 's ratings of their parents ' communication , is linked to many aspects of competence .
However , we recognize that gifts at the Maennerchor Society level are not possible for all .
Ah , Uncle Wiggly was a favorite .
Tax dollars that would have been spent on public assistance are saved .
If these special children are to become the adults we all need them to be , we have to lead them in the right direction right now .
Why would n't you want to stay on Charlotte ?
Anthropology is one of its own more recent subdivisions .
At the same time , Boston Center realized that a message transmitted just before 8:25 by the hijacker pilot of American 11 included the phrase , We have some planes .
Bin Ladin apparently kept his options open , maintaining contacts with Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , who , though an Islamic extremist , was also one of the Taliban 's most militant opponents .
Or they suggest that a confiict be solved by creating new , mutual goals .
That aircraft was United 93 .
The colors of the blouse can be changed with a few computer steps .
Markers are made by hand , tracing pattern pieces onto sheets of paper from thick , pre-cut cardboard pattern elements .
As I recall , I 've never asked you for a contribution ... until now .
At 7:15 , a pair of them , Khalid al Mihdhar and Majed Moqed , checked in at the American Airlines ticket counter for Flight 77 , bound for Los Angeles .
When a performer is inspired , it is said that he , or she , tiene duende -LRB- ` has it ' -RRB- .
Whose girls ?
When a baseball player is removed by the manager , the organist plays Auld Lang Syne .
We serve a classic Tuscan meal that includes a Florentine terrine made with dick and chicken livers .
Uh Asimov , he died about 8 years ago but I still find one or two of his that I had n't read yet .
This is demonstrated in a variety of a shared literacy and the assumptions and biases that go with it ; an awareness of what books are for ; consciousness and use of innumerable cultural allusions and educated idioms ; and a relative ease in reading a periodical called VERBATIM , with sections called OBITER DICTA and EPISTOLAE .
At 9:58:57 , Jarrah told another hijacker in the cockpit to block the door .
They knew American 77 was lost .
So would a society .
She 's a , she works in a warehouse now , actually .
There is nothing ungrammatical or wrong about saying She 's a real Johnny-comelately , but it grates .
Though novel for its open endorsement of indiscriminate killing , Bin Ladin 's 1998 declaration was only the latest in the long series of his public and private calls since 1992 that singled out the United States for attack .
As for Macbeth 's great bond , this is a crux over which commentators have argued for years .
This could be a third aircraft .
Mitch , in contrast , scores low on fearful distress and high on positive mood .
The disadvantage of this kind of machine is that it makes seams that are not as secure as the lockstitch ; in addition , the appearance of the seam from the top and bottom of the fabric is different .
In urban centers , there have always been small shops with goods for sale .
Um , Can we turn that off while I think ?
Jarrah 's objective was to crash his airliner into symbols of the American Republic , the Capitol or the White House .
He tried the radios , first calling the aircraft directly , then the airline .
Something to that effect .
All on board , as well as many civilian and military personnel in the building , were killed .
Since its re-organization , MCCOY has established its unique niche within the community by refraining from direct service programming and focusing on what it does helping to identify youth needs , convening groups of individuals and organizations which can address those needs , and moving toward collaborative solutions .
Um , well I know it was before I was five , probably , I know at least four and I 'm sure she read to me before that .
All five hijackers passed through the Main Terminal 's west security screening checkpoint ; United Airlines , which was the responsible air carrier , had contracted out the work to Argenbright Security .
The New York Center controller and manager were unaware that American 11 had already crashed .
This in turn will help us to increase and even improve the services we offer .
And I have it back in my room .
I wo n't tell .
The time saved in production can be lost if the distribution method is slow , or if there are other impediments to the movement of products from the apparel-maker to the retailer .
He spoke of the suffering of the Iraqi people as a result of sanctions imposed after the Gulf War , and he protested U.S. support of Israel .
The more pieces in a marker , the more effort required to make an efficient marker of a given width .
Consider Dickens ' sharp image in Bleak House -LRB- Chapter LIV -RRB- when he describes how Sir Leicester leans back in his chair , and breathlessly ejaculates .
In many ways , the name describes what this campus campaign is all about .
metapsychosis One of the finest of traps for the knowledgeable it has nothing to do with some over-arching , society-wide psychological illness like alcoholism or jogging .
How about making their publicity buyer-friendlier as well ?
Hopefully , all of us can do more internal marketing with our young patients to encourage them to consider the field of Dental Assisting .
She 's a , she works in a warehouse now , actually .
No evidence of firearms or of their identifiable remains was found at the aircraft 's crash site , and the cockpit voice recorder gives no indication of a gun being fired or mentioned at any time .
Some were in business and some were talking about starting a business .
In fact , not only was the scramble prompted by the mistaken information about American 11 , but NEADS never received notice that American 77 was hijacked .
However , these are difficult times for public institutions of higher education , because legislative appropriations are either flat or in the decline .
There 's , my dad reminds me from time to time .
But in most situations in which a firm provides a wide range of goods to customers , some of its products will have low or moderate demand variation , while others ' demand will vary a great deal .
Many Little Sisters are preparing to go back to school this fall full of hope and with a positive outlook .
The checkpoint featured closed-circuit television that recorded all passengers , including the hijackers , as they were screened .
There is another option called , SUGGEST , which , if invoked , lists up to seven or eight words that you might have had in mind when you wrote the one that offended the machine , and this brings me to the point of this article .
They would rather me stay in Nursing because they know that 's where my heart is but , um , you know , they 're behind me in whatever I decide to do .
How far away ?
Your gift will go beyond the holiday season .
From that point of view the differing interpretations Mr. Anson and I read into the passage are of secondary importance .
The White House requested -LRB- 1 -RRB- the implementation of continuity of government measures , -LRB- 2 -RRB- fighter escorts for Air Force One , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- a fighter combat air patrol over Washington , D.C.
The Japanese spell and pronounce what they hear and are accustomed to pronounce , much as Americans are inclined to say Kindagarden , ekscape , lawnjeray , asterik , and ekcetera .
In a typical apparel factory , a sewing operator is actually sewing only one-quarter of the time .
You can stop .
Futures for Children was founded over 30 years ago to provide unique solutions for positive and sustainable social change by placing children at the center of community decision-making and action .
By the 1990s , high birthrates and declining rates of infant mortality had produced a common problem throughout the Muslim a large , steadily increasing population of young men without any reasonable expectation of suitable or steady employment-a sure prescription for social turbulence .
Through the use of its own proprietary standard , Wal-Mart gathered and exchanged information among its stores , distribution centers , and the main office in Bentonville , Arkansas , to monitor sales , place orders based on those sales , track shipments to the distribution centers , and coordinate the flow of materials and information throughout the system .
The intent is that the faculty will contribute to the award annually .
But if we did n't want to work with them , we should n't get them into anything with the mil , military , such as , informing on them , or something like that .
NORAD officials have maintained consistently that had the passengers not caused United 93 to crash , the military would have prevented it from reaching Washington , D.C.
Yeah , I know he had on pants , he had on a long sleeve I think the cuffs were rolled up once or twice .
So he says , No , from the school up , are all guerrillas .
I do , but it gets to a point where like I feel like if I fail , it 's just going to be like way too much for everybody .
I always had to get up early , milk the cows , and , uh , run , run them , as we say , because it 's a , to the pastures , until times got pretty bad , and one day , I sent my daughter to , to the pasture to bring in the cows .
The Challenger Scholars Program attempts in a small way to address this crisis by encouraging bright and dedicated students with a desire to extend their knowledge into the classroom as teachers to continue in that career path .
I want to meet the coldest wome n'the women who get their diamonds and cars and then start to bawl about how sad and unlucky they 've been .
Five minutes later , the Command Center forwarded this update to Command O.K.
Far more acquired valuable skills but lived in stagnant economies that could not generate satisfying jobs .
There follows a desexing section on maxims -LRB- for He who laughs last laughs best read The last laugh is the best : not only does it not say the same thing but the second is totally lacking in the rhetorical devices packed into the first -RRB- , and a two-page bibliography , reference notes to chapters , and an index .
It 's hard to explain exactly how camp can change a child 's heart .
He said he had not heard any prior discussion on the subject with the President .
More importantly , these state-centered regimes placed their highest priority on preserving the elite 's grip on national wealth .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Among the factors that are expected to have a substantial impact on employment in the textiles and apparel industries , perhaps the most influential will be the trade policy agreed to in the GATT .
Finally , apparel manufacturers can make innovations in the assembly stage through modular , or team-based , production .
The opportunities presented by the Ruth Lilly Outdoor Center offer these kids learning experiences not available in the inner-city environment .
Private gifts will play a vital role in reaching these goals .
Duende -LSB- XV , 1 -RSB- may be absent in Italian and French , as Mr. Bria assures us , but it is alive and prospering in Portuguese .
Well , let 's see .
-LRB- Admittedly , no party completely purges its rhetoric of terms like phallologocentric , however . -RRB-
Everything will be okay .
We are leaders in the bar , business , government , and community affairs .
They were scary , throwing a child in the oven and all that sort of thing !
Having spreading , computer-cutting , fusing , and inspection in the same areas also allows teams of cross-trained workers to prepare the order for sewing , finishing , final inspection , and packaging .
Umm , I guess I 'll leave it at that .
You will soon receive information from the Alumni Association with the details .
He slipped the knife out of the sheath and was ready , and unembarrassed by hampering bedclothes , for the weather was hot and we had n't any .
But the parent who fails to respond promptly and predictably , intervening only after the baby has become extremely agitated , teaches the infant to rise rapidly to intense distress .
Only after a common convention for bar codes had been established and in use for several years did retailers turn to such systems to transmit and receive data from suppliers .
OK , let me ask the question here .
The going gets tougher , however , as the two meanings of the answer move further
Such a plot had not been carried out anywhere in the world in more than 30 years , and never in the United States .
Beginning in the 1970s , retailers expanded their offshore sourcing efforts , especially after quality standards improved , establishing sourcing offices and relationships in low-wage countries , particularly in Asia .
We lived between , between the border of Honduras and El Salvador .
You were called and requested additional information prior to making a pledge or gift to the law school .
Perhaps the second system can not access events stored by the first , making the earliest events of our lives forever irretrievable .
One day when the wind chill factor was nearing absolute zero , I took shelter in the service club .
In just the past few years this program has grown from a few kids and a few extra activities to a team of almost 60 young adults taking on real projects .
No , they did n't , no , just that one .
Spreading the cloth many plies thick without stressing the cloth is , again , one of the quality steps of getting ready to sew .
These people and their successes are real .
I can not overemphasize the importance of your support .
But you ended up with blood poisoning from all the gasoline .
The controller tracking American 77 told us he noticed the aircraft turning to the southwest , and then saw the data disappear .
I do n't know what , he sells like cars or something .
When 3 - and 4-year-olds use their newfound capacity to talk about mental states during play with friends , their understanding of false belief improves further .
Most of the religions of the world connected woman with mother earth , fertility , and all the other progenetic and nurturing associations , and this was borne out in the cultures of the people .
How do they feel about your being a Theater major ?
that Amelia wept confidentially on the housekeeper 's shoulder and relieved herself a good deal .
In the apt description of one witness , It drops below the radar screen and it 's just continually hovering in your imagination ; you do n't know where it is or what happens to it .
Acquiring Cultural Beliefs and Values .
I can assure you that your investment in this institution will allow us to continue the long tradition of excellence that is Cathedral High School .
The Challenger Scholars Program attempts in a small way to address this crisis by encouraging bright and dedicated students with a desire to extend their knowledge into the classroom as teachers to continue in that career path .
And I have it back in my room .
In the apt description of one witness , It drops below the radar screen and it 's just continually hovering in your imagination ; you do n't know where it is or what happens to it .
At least some FAA officials in Boston Center and the New England Region knew that a hijacker on board American 11 had said we have some planes .
Cleveland even told the Command Center it was prepared to contact a nearby military base to make the request .
Congress killed the idea .
Shortly after the first call , Barbara Olson reached her husband again .
Does parenting really matter ?
The first of two case studies illustrates how demand uncertainty affects a firm 's target inventory levels .
I read everything I could get my hands on .
In an intensive observational study of daily storytelling in two communities ` six middle-class Chinese families in Taipei , Taiwan , and six middle-class American families in an Irish-Catholic neighborhood in Chicago'Peggy Miller and her colleagues72 found that preschoolers and their family members routinely narrated past experiences .
Not any stories that she used to tell .
In many other places , the ancient sites lay buried ` and still do ` beneath modern modern property owners quite understandably take a dim view of tearing down their buildings on the off chance that the remnants of an ancient town will be found several yards below .
Take a step toward making a difference in the lives of our young woman and recommit to the Girl Scout vision .
I 'm enclosing some information on Children 's Harbor which I hope you 'll find interesting .
new and creative research .
The IU School of Dentistry is committed to remaining the recognized leader in scholarly research , teaching and service .
Excitement abounds as some 300 students and proud parents and grandparents fill the IUPUI Conference Center for the event .
Grandpop was a very quiet , somber man he would n't say much but uh , Gra ndmom was a little more boisterous .
He was ready to strike at the head of the snake .
The first of the Andrews fighters was airborne at 10:38 .
The IUPUI Challenger Scholars Program encourages bright and dedicated students who want to teach to continue in that career path .
Like neither , like I 'm the first one in my family to go to college on my dad 's side .
I was a mistake .
It was led by Ali Mohamed , a former Egyptian army officer who had moved to the United States in the mid-1980s , enlisted in the U.S.
I have a savings account .
For as long as he needs it , Goodwill will continue to help .
Make-believe play , Vygotsky asserted , helps preschoolers conquer these impulses by granting the child repeated practice in acting independently of what he sees .
I guess one of the other authors I like a lot uh is C.S.
Recall how Sophie satisfied both teddy bear 's and leprechaun 's desire for a lollipop , when just one TinkerToy lollipop was available .
It sounds like , we 're talking to New York , that there 's another one aimed at the World Trade Center .
It was a series of little fiction stories , and my mother must have read me every single one of them .
At least some FAA officials in Boston Center and the New England Region knew that a hijacker on board American 11 had said we have some planes .
Girl Scouts experience a wide range of real life skills -- first aid , resume writing , and managing money .
A survey of over 36,000 Indiana youth conducted by the IU Prevention Resource Center found that approximately two-thirds of substance abuse begins with this age group .
And like my family 's a big part of it .
When Isaac Bashevis Singer was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1978 , he remarked in his acceptance
Communicate with high warmth , using a positive emotional tone and providing explanations and justifications for your expectations .
For example , close to 50 percent of the value of shipments for men 's shirts comes from the cost of materials , while 25 percent arises from compensation costs .
The Command Center executed the request and , a minute later , Cleveland Center reported that United 93 may have a bomb on board .
We have already described some specific ways that managers can think about integration of new information technologies and manufacturing practices .
Lower-level officials improvised-for example , the FAA 's Boston Center bypassed the chain of command and directly contacted NEADS after the first hijacking .
Like one , two , three , four .
The Other A view of the smoking room and library of the House of Commons in March 1987 was commissioned for the House by 156 of the members of Parliament who were not included in the Official Painting .
Fulfillment of this goal requires full participation from members of the Indiana Dental Association .
However , these tax credits are only available for a limited time , so we ask that you act soon if you would like to use them .
He motioned to me as if they were going to cut off his head .
I wanted to briefly share with you some of the specific uses of the funds that are donated each year .
If a new sewing table or a new sewing machine with programmable features is added at a particular workstatio n'that is , any device that reduces the time it takes to complete various tasks ` then the allowable time and wage rate for that operation must be changed .
They 're making trincheras , they call them trincheras , where they 're putting mounds of stones near the houses , so that the bullets there .
Talia , mother of a 7-year - My son Anselmo , a first grader , constantly asks us to help him with his homework .
So , early that morning , that afternoon , I came down from San Miguel , and I told him , I 'm going to go .
Your memories are probably very similar .
The whole thing ?
Push them back .
The President told us his instinct was to project calm , not to have the country see an excited reaction at a moment of crisis .
On Flight 93 , however , the takeover took place 46 minutes after takeoff and there were only four hijackers .
Nobody who knew him would have expected him to do anything else , whether he had been sent away in disgrace or not ` but , as it was thought he had left the country , his return did have a dramatic quality .
The program soon expanded to other vendors , including apparel suppliers , who entered their own trading partnerships with Wal-Mart .
Out of this interconnection springs mastery , proficiency , and self-confidence .
You do n't know .
Well , it 's yellow and orange and red .
We hope that you will consider a personal gift to help us offer our young people as possible .
Uh , they 're speculating it 's from the aircraft .
For one thing , he documents many neologisms , an activity that endears him to many working lexicographers .
The lines further from the trend line indicate the range with a likelihood of 90 percent .
Allah is the greatest !
Do you play football a lot ?
Penny Perrick regrets -LRB- January 11 -RRB- that There is no word in English to describe that particular , special sort of pride that one feels in the achievements of one 's children .
Even on so small an island as Taiwan the Mandarin-speaking ex-mainlanders can not converse with the Taiwanese-born majority who have not bothered to learn Mandarin .
My name is Gloria Cotton .
This was the word that first caught my eye as the obverse of onomatopoeia .
Therefore , this age group continues to need more adult supervision and positive programs during after school hours .
This guild of scholars is one of the most successful enterprises in the history of our species .
The outcome left Bin Ladin indisputably in charge of what remained of the MAK and al Qaeda .
There may be others who have had the same experience with them .
Probably Lois , your Aunt Lois .
At first , the adult tries to capture the child 's attention by working the toy and , as the clown emerges , exclaiming , Pop !
Information systems at apparel factories were primitive .
Then he shoots his bolt and wad by taking a long shot at some one-shot deal that will win him the whole shooting match .
And , there is always a need for scholarship funds to help make college degrees possible for our students , most of whom come from central Indiana .
Hence , the term isogloss , from iso - ` same ' + gloss ` word , ' to describe the line on a map where the terms are of equal distribution .
And the lion ate him .
State financial support is unlikely to increase significantly during the remainder of this decade .
That was the first time I saw them , the gue , the guerillas .
I would enjoy meeting with you and hearing how the School of Engineering and Technology has affected your life .
The connotation of gifted artistic performance , however , might stem from the gypsy culture in Andalusia whose dialect , cal ?? , has words like duquende -LRB- possibly from the Russian dook -RRB- meaning ` spirit or ghost , ' and duquendio , meaning ` maestro .
Tell me about your bike .
This is a story that my dad told me when I was small , a long time ago that , there was a girl that , she was very young , she was going to go visit her parents .
It was passed from here through the -LSB- operations -RSB- center at the White House , from the -LSB- shelter -RSB- .
Monsters have had starring roles in SF from its early years .
I could n't have done it .
Three months later , when interviewed in Afghanistan by ABC-TV , Bin Ladin enlarged on these themes .
Instead , they obey their caregivers and go to bed .
The entire thing !
I just loved Cinderella . I also saw my sisters as the wicked stepsisters sometimes , and I was Cinderella , running around waiting on them .
About thirty years ago , when I was concocting an epicurean dish and saw that I had no sherry on hand , I went to the liquor store and bought a bottle of muscatel that was being sold for an absurdly low price and that I thought might be exactly right for my sauce .
This lesson was applied , using Tomahawk missiles , early in the Clinton administration .
The soldier in charge would command , after each firing , that the rank on the scaffold step down and be replaced by the rank that had just reloaded , thus alternating ranks and sustaining the rifle fire .
And there are a lot of people who face these challenges every day of their lives .
It is the one that goes , Dah !
That is to say , beside Indo-European and Indo-Hittite , there must have existed an Indo-Slurvian .
But not all fantasy qualifies as wish fulfillment .
No , someone brought Mom the necklace as a gift .
Retail buyers of old grappled with this problem as they do today .
SEND advances these efforts by forming long-standing relationships with local businesses , churches , residents , and other interested groups and individuals .
Um , I wanted to be closer to my family , number one , and , um , number two , I have a lot of friends coming here , which helped me a lot , and , um , I just liked the Charlotte , um , UNC Charlotte because I wanted to be a , a nurse .
What a contrast from the city she 'd left a few miles back .
NORAD , what 's the situation ?
West side of Charlotte .
Please show your support and make a gift .
Saudi Arabia and the United States supplied billions of dollars worth of secret assistance to rebel groups in Afghanistan fighting the Soviet occupation .
He moved on to open his own retail stores , restaurants , sales organizations , a manufacturing company and a public relations firm .
Through repetition of the task and coaching by experts , the operator would become very productive .
A valuable seven-week course called COPES -LSB- Community Orientation for Expatriate Spouses -RSB- introduces the non-employed spouse to day-to-day life and opportunities in central Indiana .
Carnegie also describes namma-holes and soaks as sources of water .
Just like the respect we 've earned from U.S.News and World Report .
I ca n't think of anything , but it 's been nice chatting with you .
No evidence of firearms or of their identifiable remains was found at the aircraft 's crash site , and the cockpit voice recorder gives no indication of a gun being fired or mentioned at any time .
The passengers continued their assault and at 10:02:23 , a hijacker said , Pull it down !
But fortunately they did n't .
In June 1984 I moved from Ottawa to Victoria , on Vancouver Island , where I now enjoy genteel retirement .
Finally , as children participate in narratives and listen to those of others , they acquire culturally accepted ways for negotiating clashing viewpoints .
My dad still does n't believe me .
Gifts of $ 100.00 are more are recognized through various ways by the school .
Please use the enclosed reply card and the postage-paid envelope to make your contribution .
You can stop .
Act today to reserve your FREE CLOCK and become a member of the National Audubon Society .
Because , there were a lot more things .
This chapter also describes a new approach to production and sourcing strategies , one that balances traditional and short-cycle production lines .
Older preschoolers realize that people 's beliefs , not just their desires , aect their behavior .
At 9:37:46 , American Airlines Flight 77 crashed into the Pentagon , traveling at approximately 530 miles per hour .
According to Vygotsky , children 's greatest self-control occurs during make-believe play .
Blaring sirens and horrendous crime .
It is safe to say that lean retailers have also come out ahead , given their rapid growth in relation to , and at the expense of , traditional retailers in many different retail channels .
You can help us help overburdened new parents .
After completing the process of developing a demand forecast for each SKU , a retailer must determine how much of each item to stock on the shelves of its stores .
However , the simultaneous loss of radio and transponder signal would be a rare and alarming occurrence , and would normally indicate a catastrophic system failure or an aircraft crash .
THE GIRL SCOUT PROMISE On my honor , I will try To serve god and my country , To help people at all times , And to live by the Girl Scout Law .
Through conversing with others , we try to make puzzling events and behaviors understandable .
He made a face too .
People just do n't have the time or take the time to keep the traditions going they just get too busy or too lazy .
What kind of stories does she tell you ?
They need individual support to attend conferences , present papers , publish their works , and keep in touch with others in their fields across the country .
Where is , where was this ?
For example , in the OLW lexicon , when two people ` sometimes but not always a man and a woman ` agree that they Lword one another , they often enter into one of the Cwords , which leads perhaps eventually to the M-word , which in turn authorizes them to F-word with the sanction of church and state .
Bin Ladin shares Qutb 's stark view , permitting him and his followers to rationalize even unprovoked mass murder as righteous defense of an embattled faith .
As outlined during recent meetings of the Board of Visitors and Alumni Association Directors , these will include an Indianapolis law student/alumni telephone campaign and increased emphasis on giving at the Maennerchor Society level .
Nobody who knew him would have expected him to do anything else , whether he had been sent away in disgrace or not ` but , as it was thought he had left the country , his return did have a dramatic quality .
That 's why it 's such like a big thing , because my uncle , he went , he went into the military and then came out .
Having spreading , computer-cutting , fusing , and inspection in the same areas also allows teams of cross-trained workers to prepare the order for sewing , finishing , final inspection , and packaging .
Other parents use a repetitive style .
Is this real-world or exercise ?
This fund has given us , the members of the Indiana Dental Association , the opportunity to make a direct investment in the quality of dental education in our state .
Inevitably , some of the entries are more imaginative than others ; Dickson will have his hands full if everyone responds giving private words .
Over the last ten years , VNS has delivered over $ 1 million worth of free services to the citizens of Central Indiana .
\ \ They was n't ghosts .
The reason , Robinson and Godbey suggest , is that our pace of life is faster .
Five seconds later , Jarrah asked , Is that it ?
It has the original meaning , a ` sprite or hobgoblin that plays tricks , especially at night in people 's houses ; a poltergeist .
Once these manufacturing and information practices have been adopted , it should come as no surprise that they affect the performance of business units .
We really do appreciate your efforts , whatever amount you can contribute .
It is the story of eccentric and violent ideas sprouting in the fertile ground of political and social turmoil .
Using traditional sewing operations , it typically takes eight weeks to produce a coat , from the time an order is issued for cutting to the moment the finished goods are hanging in a manufacturer 's distribution center .
Your contribution will help with funding so Jameson Camp can continue providing the year-round camping experience that gives kids a chance to create dreams .
The book just tied right into it .
Excessive stimulation also causes them to withdraw as they try to shield themselves from a stimulus deluge , thereby creating conditions that , paradoxically , are much like stimulus deprivation !
When Sydney experiments with the color-matching strategy and succeeds in placing the brown piece , she internalizes the technique .
But the situation soon
We 've helped people break free of the welfare cycle .
This time , it was MUSCAT RAMBLE .
I can not overemphasize the importance of your support .
Half challenge .
Um , Christmas is coming up pretty soon huh ?
We need your participation in our activities and your financial support to help make our goals happen .
A perfume called Poison has appeared on the market .
I love to read just plain history , um , it must have rubbed off in some aspect because that 's the kind of thing I still read .
When I first came to Goodwill I was a single parent with little or no self-esteem .
When you give to United Way , you can rest assured that your gift will be used efficiently and effectively to help people in need here at home .
Do you think they 've become more ex , do you think they 've accepted more what you 've decided to do or that 's going to take a while ?
Let me assure you that we would appreciate receiving one million dollars from you .
Of the despised and wily but accommodating Greek , Juvenal says In caelum iusseris , Tell him to go to the sky , and he will be off .
If you would like information , please enter your response in the appropriate area and your name , address and / or phone number in the space provided at the end .
It 's a story from The Bible .
Well , you know , to this day every now and then that particular story comes up every now and then .
Jarrah stopped the violent maneuvers at about 10:01:00 and said , Allah is the greatest !
The ability to keep learning , to keep discovering , and to keep inventing becomes even more important if we are to compete in tomorrow 's world .
The creation of a national highway system in the 1950s further fostered the development of mass retailing by opening vast new spaces in suburban malls .
Statistics for the current academic year are the same .
I 'm opening up like five pools and they 're giving me a headache because they all turned green today , so , that 's like the most fun job for me .
We are returning to the airport .
Understanding is the key .
As technology advances , life imitates art .
Most recently , we received results of an employment survey of 1990 - 91 graduates , conducted by IUPUI 's Career and Employment Services -- it was pleasing to learn that we had nearly twice as many graduates as any other department in the School of Liberal Arts .
Furthermore , the repression and isolation of women in many Muslim countries have not only seriously limited individual opportunity but also crippled overall economic productivity .
Therefore , this age group continues to need more adult supervision and positive programs during after school hours .
When Bond Stores had customers lining up around the block to buy suits , casual wear , as we know it today , did not exist .
Uh , so yeah , I took up a lot of her life and she read a lot of children 's stories to me as a result of that , but I do n't believe she read a lot for her own amusement .
... You got a conflict on that direction ?
In Sudan , he established an Islamic Army Shura that was to serve as the coordinating body for the consortium of terrorist groups with which he was forging alliances .
Do you know what a teja is ?
In studies following children from infancy into childhood and adolescence , early brief episodes of parental stimulation and sensitivity did not result in more competent children .
Parents trying to make their way through these opposing theories , and their attendant advice about child-rearing and educational practice , are likely to find themselves in a dim forest , without a discernible trail blazed before them .
And uh , my parents and I had stopped many times in a little town called New Market , VA which was just a / / little , / / yeah it seemed like a halfway point .
In particular , advanced practices in distribution and modular production interact with each other because they both reduce throughput time .
I said to him , do n't you know , Chepe , what it is ?
Representatives also came from organizations such as the Palestine Liberation Organization , Hamas , and Hezbollah .
These measures were precautionary steps taken because of the strikes in New York .
And who told you that story ?
We hope the enclosed bookmark , just the right size for a paperback , will remind you of Joe and the hundreds of other adults working to improve their lives , their families and their community through stronger basic skills .
But , then like me and my mom will talk all the time and she 'll come over here and she 'll like have a beer and a cigarette with me and it does n't matter anymore !
The entire thing !
Would you say that um , your mom or you dad or whoever is telling the story , tells that part of the story , the , the last part when you came to the door and she saw the glow of light , would you say that they tell that part of the story more than any other part or do they tell the whole thing from beginning to end ?
The cockpit voice recorder captured the sounds of the passenger assault muffled by the intervening cockpit door .
The most up-to-date versions of automatic-cutting equipment , including the GERBERcutter , are even more effective .
Hence , the term isogloss , from iso - ` same ' + gloss ` word , ' to describe the line on a map where the terms are of equal distribution .
Um , is the United States your , uh , birth country ?
Coming to Goodwill was the first step toward my becoming totally independent .
It 's a relatively painless experience and not very cumbersome to deal with , not bad .
And so what year does that make you , are you a -- ?
Similarly , the probability of adopting modular systems in 1992 was 54 percent compared with 30 percent if bar codes and EDI were not both present .
once in a blue moon , listed under moon in L -RRB- may be listed elsewhere -LRB- under blue moon in W -RRB- .
And the rate of textile productivity over this period far outpaced that for the manufacturing sector as a whole .
That 's a little bit of pressure , though .
But in most situations in which a firm provides a wide range of goods to customers , some of its products will have low or moderate demand variation , while others ' demand will vary a great deal .
Go ahead Adam .
They could not recall that any of the passengers they screened were CAPPS selectees .
Others who worked with ACM 's high school programming competition , with engineering 's super mileage vehicle , with RHllv1 's Baker 's Club , or with any of the School 's other activities helped to maintain traditions in their departments that future classes will be encouraged to continue .
A list of the schools served during the 1996-97 school year is enclosed .
I am happy , by the way , that Abate did not say that studying Latin helps you to think clearly'an erroneous notion still often heard .
I think that was kind of hard for him , you know .
Kid Ory played great jazz trombone .
Spreading the cloth many plies thick without stressing the cloth is , again , one of the quality steps of getting ready to sew .
Kid Ory played great jazz trombone .
Anybody who asks Why a brass monkey ?
Indeed , efforts to use public concern , and at times outrage , to tackle the sweatshop problem go back to the early part of this century .
It may help a family stay together .
Increased rates of product introduction , product proliferation , and shortened product cycles mean that companies have to respond much faster to rapidly changing markets .
Even Shelley may stake a claim , if only in the pajama division of this sector , thanks to his description in Epipsychidion of how
Why is reading so important ?
When they 're running with the wind in their faces and the sun on their backs , or stepping barefoot onto cool , green grass .
We are also planning new initiatives .
Most of the religions of the world connected woman with mother earth , fertility , and all the other progenetic and nurturing associations , and this was borne out in the cultures of the people .
What are the most important human needs here in central Indiana ?
Then , too , there have been the campaigners who have gone to what some regard as opposite if the head of a committee is known to be a man or a woman , then chairman or chairwoman must surely be the proper denotation ; if the sex of the person is not known , then chairperson , though awkward-sounding , is the preferred form .
Of the despised and wily but accommodating Greek , Juvenal says In caelum iusseris , Tell him to go to the sky , and he will be off .
We are pleased to note that Hu-Friedy , L.D.Caulk , and Star Dental have each agreed to contribute to this worthy cause .
You never call .
An understanding that , above anything else , success requires genuine effort , a willingness to set challenging goals .
The most up-to-date versions of automatic-cutting equipment , including the GERBERcutter , are even more effective .
They initiated their cockpit takeover within 30 minutes of takeoff .
We have already seen how academically related tasks , family celebrations , family outings , and adult-child storybook reading are excellent focal points for adult-child engagement .
Enclosed is information that describes this program , as well as our community education initiatives in over 20 American Indian Nation .
The heading of the Langley fighters was adjusted to send them to the Baltimore area .
And it was an important aspect , was there a particular crowd that hung out because of that ?
That may sound like a lot .
But then , ha , ha that changed quickly .
I guess I had a friend staying overnight .
18 The advantage of using VMI programs stems from the retailer and manufacturer working together to determine a flow of shipments that optimizes the economics of the two parties as a system .
Top-down an apex of professors and doctors buttressed by the holders of college degrees -LRB- many of them lower-level administrators , teachers , and researchers within the system -RRB- .
They were planning to hijack these planes and turn them into large guided missiles , loaded with up to 11,400 gallons of jet fuel .
Counts to four .
It was led by Ali Mohamed , a former Egyptian army officer who had moved to the United States in the mid-1980s , enlisted in the U.S.
This figure represents only 5 percent of the total cost that law students paid for their legal education .
In early childhood , it predicts positive mood , self-confidence and independence in mastery of new tasks , cooperativeness , and resistance to engaging in disruptive behavior .
Bin Ladin flew on a leased aircraft from Khartoum to Jalalabad , with a refueling stopover in the United Arab Emirates .
However , its history has been maintained in the present law school building through the display of its stained glass windows and the old oak fireplace .
The Student American Dental Hygienist 's Association Hearty Smiles project at Riley Hospital has been successful and rewarding to the children as well as the hygiene students .
Uh , so yeah , I took up a lot of her life and she read a lot of children 's stories to me as a result of that , but I do n't believe she read a lot for her own amusement .
This information infrastructure proved most beneficial when it gave Penney 's major vendors access to sales data via direct broadcast satellite .
Having served thousands , the . dba is recognized as one of the nation 's largest and leading authorities on the self-employment of people with disabilities .
The Concise Oxford allows both pronunciations .
In early September you received an annual appeal from Herron .
Through conversing with others , we try to make puzzling events and behaviors understandable .
Where in Charlotte ?
What has your support of our campers meant to them and what have they been able to accomplish because you care ?
When we quote from a source document , we use its transliteration , e.g. , al Qida instead of al Qaeda .
OK , I said , So , how do we do it ?
From the airplane or from the ground ?
Thirty-seven passengers , including the hijackers , boarded the plane .
Goodwill helps people get off of public assistance .
Thank you again for helping point the way .
Bin Ladin now had a vision of himself as head of an international jihad confederation .
Your support for our work would be greatly appreciated .
That was another-it was evidently another aircraft that hit the tower .
With higher values of inventory carrying costs , it is more profitable to shift more production to the quick-line plant to allow reduction in work-in-process and finished goods inventory .
Although few retailers have embraced the complete set of forecasting and inventory models described in this chapter , lean retailers are moving in that direction .
For example , in the OLW lexicon , when two people ` sometimes but not always a man and a woman ` agree that they Lword one another , they often enter into one of the Cwords , which leads perhaps eventually to the M-word , which in turn authorizes them to F-word with the sanction of church and state .
These newest Scholars bring the number to ten -- ten who , like Christa McAuliffe , will touch the future .
Does he ever let you drive the car ?
The whole idea of such a procedure is enough to make one sweat bullets .
They are thus a ready audience for calls to Muslims to purify their society , reject unwelcome modernization , and adhere strictly to the Sharia .
When a literate Chinese had to write about this new kingdom a problem arose as there was no charactter for the Viet .
If you have any questions , please feel free to stop by and see me .
What about Piaget 's belief that through make-believe , young children solidify their new symbolic capacity ?
Real currently , what do you enjoy reading at the present ?
pediculosis Not as foot disease nor the bad breath of children , but just plain -LRB- and literally -RRB- lousiness .
Um , I wish I could think more .
The firm was stocking out of the low demand items , which , as described above , suffered from relatively high demand variation .
These social encounters oer children many opportunities to hear people refer to their own mental states and those of others and , therefore , to observe dierent points of view .
Children must do their own work .
I 'll ask you first Mom , and then Dad .
A manager at the Herndon Command Center asked FAA headquarters if they wanted to order a nationwide ground stop .
Afterwards , the Bishop walked among the crowds , eating their picnic lunches .
So we quick think and I go , well grab a paper towel and wet it and throw a couple of ice cubes in and put it on his hand , get him up to his feet and haul him off to the emergency room .
Lean retailing itself implies a dramatic reduction in the amount of inventory held by retail enterprises .
Although changes in how managers orchestrate production flow through the sewing room are starting to make a difference , shifts in the practices of shop-floor workers have more to do with new human resource policies than equipment .
Nine other classes will be participating in this effort , as well .
ordinary laborers .
His marriage , Sears guessed , would have been unsuccessful and his children would have difficulty finding themselves .
The Operations Center located at FAA headquarters receives notifications of incidents , including accidents and hijackings .
This was done because of the organization of work in clothing shops ; the low capital costs and high proportion of labor costs , especially in women 's wear for contract shops ; the intense product competition among manufacturers within and among geographic markets ; and the diversity of products and changing styles .
To be sure , it is the most common meaning , which is why it is listed first .
The history , culture , and body of beliefs from which Bin Ladin has shaped and spread his message are largely unknown to many Americans .
American narratives rarely dwelt on misdeeds and , at times , even recast children 's oenses as strengths ` as indicative of quick thinking and an active , spirited disposition .
Over the past three decades , external forces impinging on the family have transformed parents ' and , therefore , children 's lives .
THE GIRL SCOUT PROMISE On my honor , I will try To serve god and my country , To help people at all times , And to live by the Girl Scout Law .
Unfortunately , the mistake is compounded and perpetuated by dragging in expressions like man in the street , the average working man , and others , and , as a result , the entire argument degenerates .
Yeah , I liked it a lot .
I 've been going up as a progress in school , so I , it will be a good change for me .
A common human genetic heritage and basic regularities in children 's physical and social environments yield certain universal , broad outlines of development .
Your National Audubon Society membership also gives you the opportunity to be part of the Audubon Network .
And what in the world is one to make of William Butler Yeats 's startling revelation in his poem Lapis Lazuli -LRB- from Last Poems -RRB- that
I can remember Mom and Dad saying Grandmom in the kitchen hollering , Daddy , Daddy , Daddy I wish you would n't talk like that in front of the girls .
First Grade .
As a result , rather than reacting impulsively to the sight of a lollipop , Sophie relied on ideas to regulate the lollipop 's very existence'and the teddy bear 's , the leprechaun 's , and her own actions toward it !
But grammar enters the picture here , too , and dictionaries are remiss in syntactic description of how the language works in comparison with what its words mean , how they are spelled and pronounced , and where they came from .
Yet these nagging problems do not negate the need for a new approach to inventory management ; they merely indicate how complicated supplier relationships have become .
For example , textile firms that supply retailers directly with their own products may have to combine equivalent information technologies with manufacturing innovations in finishing lines that shorten production cycles in order to gain competitive advantage .
Sir , they 're going to want to know what to do .
I moved to San Diego .
Last year a small number of alumni each contributed between $ 2,500 and $ 4,999 to the school .
OK Adam is now going to talk about the music industry .
All of the above techniques rest , in one way or another , on the meanings of words .
He was paying him five bucks an hour and he would , he could work all day Wednesday and uh , but I believe it was on that job there , that Kavalo , that Dad said , Look boy you can read a tape measure better that this forty year old man can so I 'll give you five bucks an hour if you prove you can do it .
Another passenger told her they were traveling northeast .
I 'd be happy to answer any questions you may have about this program -- please call me at 317/274 -5625 .
The controller continued to try to contact United 93 , and asked whether the pilot could confirm that he had been hijacked .
Don Quixote is listed in the Appendix , but I could not find him in the dictionary , nor could I find quixotic , Queen of Sheba , Jeeves , Venus , Einstein -LRB- for ` genius ' -RRB- , Hitler -LRB- for ` demagogue , tryant ' -RRB- , Attila the Hun -LRB- for ` barbarian ' -RRB- , Robinson Crusoe -LRB- for ` castaway ; lonely person ' -RRB- ` but man Friday is in ' Horatio Alger , Narcissus , etc. .
I guarantee you 'll feel good knowing you 've helped us touch a heart .
. . Defication of humankind as supreme .
But via a network that allows contractors access , manufacturers ' headquarters can make sure that the information available is the most recent and complete .
The Audubon Nature Centers are among the most serene and pristine places on Earth .
Establishing the target customer base is therefore a critical first step in any merchandising strategy .
It is great to know that people , like you , who have graduated from our program are willing to support us in such a significant way .
Additionally , there is a tremendous need to upgrade the technological infrastructure of the school .
In general , the definitions in W have been clarified , simplified , and made more precise in L . Also , the citations in W have either been omitted , where unnecessary , or paraphrased , and sources are not given .
Product stock-outs accounted for 24 percent , $ 6 billion , of the losses , and the cost of inventory carrying itself constituted the remaining 20 percent , $ 5 billion .
The Vice President authorized fighter aircraft to engage the inbound plane .
Tough question .
If you have any questions , please call me at 241-2661 .
In the United States , NORAD is divided into three sectors .
Basic products are prime candidates for lean retailing because such a product style remains in a retailer and apparel company 's product line over much of the selling season and often over several years .
He became even more concerned as its route changed , moving into another sector 's airspace .
Shortly after the first call , Barbara Olson reached her husband again .
One senior FAA air traffic control manager said that it was simply not the FAA 's place to order the airlines what to tell their pilots .
This is not surprising , given the traditional retailing strategy under which retailers commit to purchases well in advance of the selling season .
Laura has ! declared Sophie , glancing at me .
They want to regain their parents ' warmth and approval as quickly as possible .
But the need is still great .
Whose girls ?
A snowboard -- .
I would like to look for a job in education , possibly teaching elementary school , um , hopefully up north I would rather do that up north , so --
The SIDS Alliance meets all National Charities Information Bureau -LRB- NCIB -RRB- standards , and is listed in the NCIB Wisegiving Guide .
All the lowest dives , the phoniest ginmills ...
They knew American 77 was lost .
Of course you only had a thousand students through all those six grades .
This is not surprising , given the traditional retailing strategy under which retailers commit to purchases well in advance of the selling season .
Um , not really anything unusual .
With this letter , we are asking you to take the opportunity of the Campus Campaign to consider how you can help IUPUI be what you want it to be .
that an anagram is lurking nearby .
There was also a candy store about three or four blocks in the other direction called Pud 's that we used to walk up to and across the street from Pud 's was the local fire department and the uh the firemen used to let us play on the fire engines which is completely unheard of nowadays but they let us you know climb all over them , get inside and honk the horns you know put on fire jacket and boots or whatever we wanted to do and uh I guess there just were n't a lot of fires in Asheville in that part of town because they never seemed to be concerned that we would be interfering with their preparedness .
Consider a series of studies that examined length of maternity leave in relation to employed mothers ' psychological well-being and parenting behaviors .
How was it going to high school in Charlotte ?
Second , he warned that more people , including Muslims , were attracted to jahiliyya and its material comforts than to his view of Islam ; jahiliyya could therefore triumph over Islam .
In one study , Lonigan and Whitehurst compared shared reading with teachers at preschool , shared reading with parents at home , and a combined condition .
But the implication that OLWs are new ` just because they now appear routinely in comic strips and on television ` is misguided .
You know you look down and see the Pentagon burning and I thought the bastards snuck one by us .
They can change the tone of people 's voice yes .
It 's just not me .
They made up stories sometimes , my mother in particular , she made up stories .
It is a fund-raising appeal .
Onomatopoeia has a long , honorable , and pleasurable history ` from Aristophanes ' brek-ke-kex ko-ax ko-ax to Kermit 's ribbet , ribbet ` from majestic lines in ancient epic poetry to simple , homey words like plop , splash , and murmur . In every language and time , the sound and look of some words have given clues to their their sound has suggested their sense .
Please use the enclosed reply card and the postage-paid envelope to make your contribution .
Regardless of where Quick Response has succeeded , however , our research indicates that very different time-based competitive demands have emerged in the industry , driven not by voluntary acceptance of policies but by the changing nature of market competition among retailers .
It is not at once apparent why the book is styled an almanac , but that is there is no other book I know of that contains as much diverse information about American writers as this one .
Each prospective and current program is evaluated on the basis of its support of one or more aspects of women 's needs .
After being in and out of Egyptian prisons during the 1980s , Abdel Rahman found refuge in the United States .
Um , my mom has because she knows how important it is to me and everything like that and my dad actually two weeks ago when I went home , I do n't even remember why I went home , but I went home for something and he 's like , he 's still trying to convince me to double major .
President Reagan quickly withdrew U.S. forces from Lebanon-a reversal later routinely cited by jihadists as evidence of U.S. weakness .
Barn is compounded from the Old English words beren ` barley ' + ern ` house .
Three minutes later , Sweeney was reconnected to the office and began relaying updates to the manager , Michael Woodward .
The mission crew commander explained to us that the purpose was to position the Langley fighters between the reported southbound American 11 and the nation 's capital .
If the sewing machine is correctly threaded , the operator then lifts the presser foot ' a device that comes down on either side of the needle to hold the cloth ` and , if the needle is in the up position , inserts the fabric .
The whole point is speed and clarity of communications .
Because of your past support , Girl Scouts has been able to reach out to more of our future leaders -- our girls .
Three of the flights had actually taken off within 10 to 15 minutes of their planned departure times .
Together , I believe that we can make a contribution which will be very meaningful for the students at the school .
Your tax-deductible contribution may be sent in the enclosed postage-paid envelope with the attached return card .
As for stalemate , which is related to checkmate , would it not have been important to indicate that the - mate part has nothing to do with English , having been borrowed from checkmate which is a loanword from Persian -LRB- and has nothing to do with check , either -RRB- .
Um , what other , now I know you worked with your dad in the beginning there when you were quite younger .
What did it look like ?
We call this our home because this is where we were raised at .
We have found no evidence indicating that one of the hijackers , or anyone else , sat there on this flight .
Unfortunately , the mistake is compounded and perpetuated by dragging in expressions like man in the street , the average working man , and others , and , as a result , the entire argument degenerates .
Again , our earlier intuition is confirmed .
For more than a century , the U.S. federal and state governments have investigated sweatshops in the garment industry , including the role of immigrants , and have adopted legislation to ameliorate their impact on workers and consumers .
she said to them , because of you we 're going to die too , through no fault of our own !
-LSB- A message to businessmen from the Pasco County -LRB- Fla. . -RRB-
This startling news prompted the mission crew commander at NEADS to take immediate control of the airspace to clear a flight path for the Langley Okay , we 're going to turn it ... crank it up .
You were there , the upchuck wagon .
Perhaps $ 100 is more to your liking or , perhaps , you would be interested in making several smaller gifts during the year .
The only thing I know about Gilbert is that I find him listed as co-author of Muskrat Ramble .
to which the other replied , Yes , put it in it , and pull it down .
And you said , How do I get this tar off of me uncle ?
It is important to note also that this product was not promoted at retail with discounted prices at any time during this period , so the variation is not due to consumers preferring to purchase a product when it was on sale .
The flight attendants would have begun their cabin service .
I do n't know about Canada , Australia , etc. , but in the U.S. this kind of referent usage is considered a heinous illiteracy -LRB- by those who consider such matters -RRB- , and those who wish to appear educated would be wise to avoid it .
There are several critical areas which can not be funded by the citizens of the State of Indiana , and without these programs our school can not completely fulfill its mission .
Maggy , frightened by the booming sounds , whimpers to Deb , Scary , Mommy .
Thank you in advance for your contribution and interest in dental hygiene education .
The emergency call lasted approximately 25 minutes , as Ong calmly and professionally relayed information about events taking place aboard the airplane to authorities on the ground .
And do you feel like it was a good thing to grow up around ?
And what in the world is one to make of William Butler Yeats 's startling revelation in his poem Lapis Lazuli -LRB- from Last Poems -RRB- that
You and I , gentle reader , are accredited members of the guild .
The Command Center told Cleveland that FAA personnel well above them in the chain of command had to make the decision to seek military assistance and were working on the issue .
Barn is compounded from the Old English words beren ` barley ' + ern ` house .
I find it difficult to imagine a people more hospitable , more generous with their time , than the Japanese who took care of me .
As more American parents with busy , stressed lives retreat from their children , peers take over .
We arrived , at my brother 's , and Cristobal , with the livestock and the rest , still had n't arrived .
Ask parents why they spell rather than say the words , and they remark , If you say ice cream , ' he 'll want it now .
The President emphasized to us that he had authorized the shootdown of hijacked aircraft .
I feel like I 'm letting them down , so to , so to speak .
No , they did n't , no , just that one .
The YMCA of the USA also named it an Outstanding International Program in 1997 .
Caring about others .
Further , there is no universally accepted way to transliterate Arabic words and names into English .
As you review the gifts you 've made this year I please consider a year-end gift to Herron School of Art .
Note that the work in a shirt plant is generally grouped into production lots of 1,500 shirts if the progressive bundle system is used .
Today 's girls will be tomorrow 's leaders -- and they 're counting on YOU !
Actually , my sister wrote a story on it .
noisome Has nothing to do with sound or decibel level , but means simply unpleasant or disgusting .
Our 90th Birthday celebration began in July and will continue through February .
The Herndon Command Center immediately established a teleconference between Boston , New York , and Cleveland Centers so that Boston Center could help the others understand what was happening .
Well , probably the favorite book I had , this is a little different I had The Giant Golden Book of Astronomy , which I got when I was in the second grade and I read it cover to cover till I wore it out .
The idea of a domestic command for homeland defense began to be discussed in 1997 , and in 1999 the Joint Chiefs developed a concept for the establishment of a domestic Unified Command .
Finally , the central role played by retailers in development and operation of the channel points to the fact that any measure ` whether taken by the government , through voluntary compliance programs or via collective bargaining ` must include their participation and support .
The details of what happened on the morning of September 11 are complex , but they play out a simple theme .
Periodic Versus Continuous Review
No , he is a hijack .
The Collins COBUILD English Language Dictionary of 1987 -LRB- Cobuild -RRB- boasts xxiv plus 1703 pages .
By 8:33 , it had reached its assigned cruising altitude of 31,000 feet .
Neither do we .
What kind of , do you ever tell stories to your little sister ?
Man as a False Generic , M and S question whether the definitions 2 .
As a result , rather than reacting impulsively to the sight of a lollipop , Sophie relied on ideas to regulate the lollipop 's very existence'and the teddy bear 's , the leprechaun 's , and her own actions toward it !
Our 90th Birthday celebration began in July and will continue through February .
Men are seldom assigned to review them , possibly because the editor fears that they will be either ignorant of or unsympathetic to the issues raised , if not biased against them , or because the editor is a woman .
The vocabulary-building argument is a potent one for proponents of Latin education .
I am inclined to prefer perjink and its derivatives .
Many of the popular accounts of quick response , rapid replenishment , and supply-chain management assume that all parties ` consumers , retailers , and suppliers ` win as a result of these policies .
And we do n't waste money .
It was a very interesting experience .
In colonial days , housewives typically did spinning , weaving , and tailoring for the family .
The Command Center executed the request and , a minute later , Cleveland Center reported that United 93 may have a bomb on board .
Both individuals agreed that the teleconference played no role in coordinating a response to the attacks of 9/11 .
It is important , too , to note that writing systems are for instance , Polish is written -LRB- today -RRB- using the Roman alphabet , but Russian , a related Slavic language , uses the Cyrillic ; Yiddish , a Germanic language , is written in Hebrew characters ; Latin , Greek , and Sanskrit , which resemble one another rather closely in some respects , all use different alphabets ; and early examples , utterly unrecognizable to untrained readers of modern languages , were written in cuneiform , quite suitable for writing on soft clay tablets with a pointed stylus , and hieroglyphics .
Now you 're in , in what grade ?
From 9:34 to 10:08 , a Command Center facility manager provided frequent updates to Acting Deputy Administrator Monte Belger and other executives at FAA headquarters as United 93 headed toward Washington , D.C.
The nuances of Vietnamese history , which Mr. Henn finds so fascinating , were as useful to the men who fought Ho Chi Minh 's military machine as the facts of the Meiji Restoration to anyone who fought the Japanese Empire in WWII .
But I 'm never going to take the knives out .
He slipped the knife out of the sheath and was ready , and unembarrassed by hampering bedclothes , for the weather was hot and we had n't any .
Have you ever read any books from foreign authors ?
And I said to some of my cousins that I had only the last I had seen was at Grandpop 's funeral .
I have enclosed a membership application for your use or you can call us at -LRB-800-RRB-749-2257 to join today .
For the short term , its impact will be on a relatively small niche market .
No , he is a hijack .
It 's a faith that has made brothers and sisters of every race .
I can assure you that your investment in this institution will allow us to continue the long tradition of excellence that is Cathedral High School .
Finally , I would remind Mr. Henn that the point of the Vietnam war has nothing to do with whether we called the country ` Nam or Vietnam . It is that today Russian military personnel operate their ships and planes out of our former base complex at Cam Ranh Bay while the political language Ho Chi Minh imported from Moscow is now current through all of Indo-China .
Those accounts had the effect of deflecting questions about the military 's capacity to obtain timely and accurate information from its own sources .
Make-believe roles are not equally pleasurable'a feature of cooperation that is as true in everyday life as it is in fantasy play .
She further indicated that the hijackers were not aware of her phone call , and that they had put all the passengers in the back of the plane .
He was rebuffed , and the Saudis joined the U.S.-led coalition .
The airlines bore responsibility , too .
More picturesque are the references to erections .
He liked it a little warmer .
Believing they had only a minute or two , the Vice President again communicated the authorization to engage or take out the aircraft .
But to deny that the oblique senses of man are still very much with us is mere optimistic folly .
Statistics for the current academic year are the same .
What a contrast from the city she 'd left a few miles back .
In the 16th century the word was also a ` to run through , run across .
So we took a chance on it and started following the billboards .
Smacked my chest .
He could stand as a symbol of resistance-above all , resistance to the West and to America .
At 8:34 , the Boston Center controller received a third transmission from American 11 :
Instead , its very essence is self-restraint ` voluntarily following social rules .
Um we always tended to stop somewhere scenic either going to or coming from .
The Command Center and FAA headquarters watched it too .
Um , Peyton Place was , had , um , kind of a fascination because I was at summer camp in NH , near Gilmanton Iron Works , where that woman , the author , lived .
Therefore , the amount of finished goods in the manufacturer 's distribution center needed to satisfy weekly demand for all SKUs depends on the cycle times of the plants supplying finished product , and what fraction of production is made in each plant .
Oh yes , yes they did .
So , then , I grabbed him , and when I grabbed him , I put him under the bed , and I went outside .
Such a clue for COCK might adult male of the domestic fowl .
Tacitly , Daly , like most feminists , invokes an earlier , quieter voice , that of Virginia Woolf .
Fewer were seen as involved in worthwhile activities that truly engaged them .
Some other anagram flags are broken , strange , unorthodox , maybe , kind of , and a source of . There are dozens of them , and new ones are being concocted every day .
American 77 traveled undetected for 36 minutes on a course heading due east for Washington , D.C.
Uh , how important it was to read and we 're all English majors , I think that has something to do with it ; my brother , sister and I are all , we 're all English majors in college .
The inaccurate accounts created the impression that the Langley scramble was a logical response to an actual hijacked aircraft .
It will provide the flexibility IUPUI needs that state appropriations can not .
Your donations go toward it all .
Concerns over the safety of other aircraft began to mount .
How to protect your neighborhood against crime and Jennifer Beals , star of ` The Bride .
So please become an Audubon Society Member now !
Cameron can find his way out of a crowded reception faster than a waiter with an empty hord d'oeuvre tray , and can locate Miyares ' van is a crowded parking lot with a simple command .
Assume that the manufacturing lead time ` the amount of time required to go from a production order to a product ready for shipping to retail ` is less than one week .
How old are you talking about ?
So it 's almost like a second home .
More picturesque are the references to erections .
The threat of terrorists hijacking commercial airliners within the United States-and using them as guided missiles-was not recognized by NORAD before 9/11 .
I said , Well you can use paint thinner or turpentine or gasoline .
In Algeria , where in 1991 Islamists seemed almost certain to win power through the ballot box , the military preempted their victory , triggering a brutal civil war that continues today .
Boston Center asked the Herndon Command Center to issue a similar cockpit security alert nationwide .
Levi 's uses proprietary software to make these modifications , but other software systems are commercially available for modifying standard patterns and producing a marker to guide fabric cutting .
It is a game that is like fishing in a barrel , but more stimulating mentally .
Among infiuential explanations of why preschoolers are so drawn to pretending , Freud 's psychoanalytic theory and Piaget 's cognitive theory held sway for much of the twentieth century .
A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , she says .
Now you 're in , in what grade ?
It is appropriate , therefore , to reconsider whether United 93 would have been intercepted .
The Student American Dental Hygienist 's Association Hearty Smiles project at Riley Hospital has been successful and rewarding to the children as well as the hygiene students .
Tomorrow will be another day for the kids , they rationalize , but a business deal or a professional achievement , if not capitalized on at the moment , may evaporate .
Inside the National Military Command Center , the deputy director of operations and his assistant began notifying senior Pentagon officials of the incident .
Bland slips up when he states it is to enable him to proceed on his path to the murder of Duncan .
The interest in man 's forebears did not become fashionable upon the publication , a few years ago , of Roots : on a far larger scale , we have been trying to discover all we can about the origins not of men but of man .
I will call you in a few weeks to discuss your level of interest .
To help accomplish these goals we need your support .
Between these is an occasional flash of useful wisdom , much of it pretty well covered by other books of this type -LRB- which seem to be proliferating -RRB- .
When I investigated all the different ways I could get involved to help local families , I discovered the answer that made the most sense was United Way of Central Indiana .
What , you said that you were four ?
But if we did n't want to work with them , we should n't get them into anything with the mil , military , such as , informing on them , or something like that .
Some remain profoundly impaired by inadequate adult investment in their childhoods .
However , our sample also reveals that some manufacturers began to adjust to the new demands of lean By 1992 , the median dropped to ten hours , reflecting their desire to reduce the amount of work-in-process at this beginning stage of apparel assembly .
For a desk dictionary -LRB- or college dictionary , as Americans like to call them -RRB- it is rather pricey at $ 36 .
Ironically , she notes , economically less well o parents find it easier to establish a viable dividing line between workplace and home .
Chased him all the way up to the upstairs , I do n't think the bird ever even pooped in the house not that we found --
The new world of rapid replenishment implies additional capabilities for both the retailer and manufacturer .
Pleasant Run cares for at-risk children and families .
Computer-assisted marker-making can offer large savings with basic garments , like men 's pants or women 's intimate apparel , which may be manufactured repeatedly over several years .
On 9/11 , all the hijacked aircraft were in NORAD 's Northeast Air Defense Sector -LRB- also known as NEADS -RRB- , which is based in Rome , New York .
She has a cut , see ?
Work a lot harder , um , take some classes that I think are going to interest me more .
I 'd be happy to answer any questions you may have about this program -- please call me at 317/274 -5625 .
But like , so I was always raised like a tomboy and everything like that and my dad treated me like a guy all the time .
Mr. Thomas B. Lemann points out that the transliteration of the opening quotation of Onomatoplazia -LSB- XV , 1 -RSB- contains the following
Anthropology is one of its own more recent subdivisions .
Not really , that 's all .
Your contribution -- large or small -- through the Annual Fund will carry us one more step toward realizing the Purdue dream for the 21st century .
For example , students are provided both traditional classroom education , which emphasizes legal reasoning and analysis , and extensive training in fundamental lawyering skills .
Islam is divided into two main branches , Sunni and Shia .
Wal-Mart is the most well known of the early lean retailers .
And who could blame him ?
In sum , the protocols in place on 9/11 for the FAA and NORAD to respond to a hijacking presumed that
A Stitch in Time uses the U.S. apparel story to highlight the transformation of retailing and manufacturing across the board .
Well , he milked the cow every morning , but that day , he could n't milk her , because the gunfire was so heavy , and because everything was falling near the house .
Children can become competent readers and writers without being trained , pushed , or goaded into literacy learning in early childhood .
How did Bin Ladin-with his call for the indiscriminate killing of Americans-win thousands of followers and some degree of approval from millions more ?
At 9:03 , they would see another aircraft strike the World Trade Center .
It was , the Sphinx explains , his answer to the Man .
A favorite story about anything ?
Providing a stitch ` or a package of pasta , a home computer , an automobile'in time requires a growing degree of integration among business enterprises within and across industries .
However , when I highlighted antecedent , what appeared on the screen was the same list of synonyms but with antecedent missing , and preceding had reappeared .
The more pieces in a marker , the more effort required to make an efficient marker of a given width .
Is there anything specific that , uh , you remember about your grandma ?
/ / All the time .
Through our support of the Annual Fund , you and I can help continue the educational tradition we enjoyed -- a strong foundation for a lifetime of continued learning and growth .
Nothing I re , that I recall .
Oh yeah , I want to quit early today .
Bland slips up when he states it is to enable him to proceed on his path to the murder of Duncan .
I look forward to seeing your name on our membership list .
I moved to San Diego .
It 's a nice place to grow up .
The top thread is then pulled up by the take-up arm .
Hmmm , might be an abalone shell .
The space presently occupied by the School of Law and Law Library is deficient both in quality and quantity .
Please join me in making a generous contribution to this year 's Annual Campaign .
\ \ Can you remember the very first stories that were read when you were little ?
And you were born in Presbyterian Hospital .
Do you read Dr. Seuss ?
Children must do their own work .
Um , what do you remember any stories they told you , your parents told you ?
As always , please feel free to visit our campus .
She will first analyze the historical data by separating the causes of past changes in demand into the following -LRB- 1 -RRB- trend , -LRB- 2 -RRB- seasonality , -LRB- 3 -RRB- cyclicality , and -LRB- 4 -RRB- random fluctuation .
And then there was never like any female blood Averetts until like my oldest cousin had kids .
The Command Center and FAA headquarters watched it too .
So you guys get along really well now ?
Can you imagine trying to raise ten children in a two-bedroom apartment ?
In addition , the full donation of $ 1,000 can be itemized as a federal income tax deduction .
General Wherley translated this in military terms to flying weapons free-that is , the decision to shoot rests in the cockpit , or in this case in the cockpit of the lead pilot .
This overall increase is mirrored by growth in the average number of new SKUs introduced per year by apparel business units , which increased from 2,368 in 1988 to 3,688 in 1992 .
Well , because it was really interesting stuff .
' For English , this means a capacity to add the Latinate onto the vernacular , then Greek onto the Latinate , so that you can eat a hearty breakfast , and be cordial afterwards without suffering from cardiac arrest .
5 million , which did not deter Bin Ladin .
The paper marker identifies each piece in the layout so that the cloth pieces for individual apparel items can be put together after the fabric is cut .
I do n't know about Canada , Australia , etc. , but in the U.S. this kind of referent usage is considered a heinous illiteracy -LRB- by those who consider such matters -RRB- , and those who wish to appear educated would be wise to avoid it .
Instead , parents who warmly , but consistently and assertively , require their inhibited child to try new experiences and guide and support them in doing so actually reduce the child 's physiological stress reactions , fostering a more adaptive style in the child .
He said to me , You have to go , he said to me .
The Vice Chairman joined the conference shortly before 10:00 ; the Secretary , shortly before 10:30 .
But stories I remember hearing one of uh , I believe it was Marsha uh , the wind caught the storm door there she was , she was uh , hanging on to the back storm door and I guess pulled it open a little bit to see what was going on and the wind caught it and threw her right out in the yard .
Some die-cutting operations allow for a number of knit tubes to be centered , placed on one another , and then cut .
Any of these
-LRB- Note that there is a 95 percent chance that demand will be less than seventeen units next week ` thus , if our buyer decides to stock seventeen units at the beginning of the week , the store should be able to offer a 95 percent order fulfillment rate on this SKU . -RRB-
Your past support of the Challenger program has been critical to its success these last four years .
Before we take up this emerging theoretical consensus , let 's address the question of whether greater parental commitment , in the context of today 's demanding and stressful work lives , is possible .
Although these advances are encouraging , our work is far from complete .
How should I start ?
Wo n't you join us in our efforts by continuing your support in 1999 ?
At 9:34 , the Command Center relayed the information concerning United 93 to FAA headquarters .
What how often .
For a desk dictionary -LRB- or college dictionary , as Americans like to call them -RRB- it is rather pricey at $ 36 .
About this same time Sweeney reported to Woodward , Something is wrong .
-- the teachers were much more , I guess , I do n't know ???
It only takes three quick , easy steps to obtain a matching gift from your -LRB- or your spouse 's -RRB- employer to enhance your donation to the Indiana University School of Law - Indianapolis .
That must be a really big deal .
However , it was seen at the time as a success .
You and I have done some important work together .
We had a great big book of Grimm 's Fairytales , and looking back on that they were grim !
Here 's how it Simply detach the Care Card from the top of this letter and keep it handy .
Many of the popular accounts of quick response , rapid replenishment , and supply-chain management assume that all parties ` consumers , retailers , and suppliers ` win as a result of these policies .
One common way of measuring inventory is to calculate the I/S ratio ` that is , the ratio of total finished good inventories to total sales .
They grew up in Lewisburg , NC , which is a little small town it 's east of Raleigh .
Apparel items at the very top of this triangle include dresses from Paris , Milan , and New York runways , which represent a very small share of apparel sold .
If you have any questions , please call me at 241-2661 .
Bin Ladin 's grievance with the United States may have started in reaction to specific U.S. policies but it quickly became far deeper .
I 'll pass that along over here .
Now where did you , when you were hearing these stories , your mother was telling them to you , where were you living at the time ?
The YMCA of the USA also named it an Outstanding International Program in 1997 .
Countering Locke 's image of an all-powerful adult tutor , eighteenth-century French philosopher Jean Jacques Rousseau conceived of the child as a noble savage ` untamed but naturally good , with an innate plan for orderly , healthy growth .
Lexicographers constantly face problems of defining terms that , in some instances , might require a brief essay to explain and far more specialized knowledge than can reasonably be expected from the user .
That kind of pawkiness is fitting in a dictionary edited and published in Edinburgh and which defines pawky as a Scots word meaning drily or slyly humorous .
Renfrew accepts the wave theory , and in the last two thirds of Archaeology and Language he sets forth his arguments in its favor .
As for belly dancers , not only have I never heard of a male belly dancer but find the very idea more exotic than erotic .
Qutb argued that humans can choose only between Islam and jahiliyya .
I 'm all for Latin courses , but there 's an easier way of building your English vocabulary then plowing through the intricacies of Latin morphology and syntax .
As the above sampling of concerns reveals , today 's parents are not just worried about major transitions and traumas , such as the impact of marital breakup or community violence .
The line to the White House shelter conference room-and the Vice President - kept cutting off .
A Big Sister is a mentor , a friend and a role model , helping a young girl to develop the self-confidence and life skills necessary to become a responsible , productive and successful adult .
They were armed and under NORAD 's control .
Although no single retailer pioneered or adopted all the innovations that compose lean retailing , we focus here on those in three segments ` mass merchants , national chains , and departments stores ` that played important roles in initiating the larger transformation .
I hope that you agree that these activities are essential to being a part of a world community .
Attaining a Subtle Grasp of Mental Life .
We put the baby mallard in a small aviary with the half-grown muscovy , and it worked .
The flight had taken off just as American 11 was being hijacked , and at 8:42 the United 175 flight crew completed their report on a suspicious transmission overheard from another plane -LRB- which turned out to have been Flight 11 -RRB- just after takeoff .
I am pleased to tell you that we have had a positive response to the letter .
Third , no middle ground exists in what Qutb conceived as a struggle between God and Satan .
Somebody who obviously that English was not their first language , but they wrote a book ?
Rukeyser 's Sphinx was not very affable , either . -RRB-
So I think maybe , reading for young people , is not as important .
Welfare is not the answer .
Yet once their children are beyond their grasp , they are hardly o the hook !
over the moon ` elated '
Jarrah , like Atta earlier , may have inadvertently broadcast the message because he did not know how to operate the radio and the intercom .
As we come to a close of our fiscal year , would you please help us again ?
Please send any survival tips for third and fourth year dental students to me , in care of IUSD !
Well that window happened to be through her room , so I just kind of walked on through the room and she looked up at me and I said , Good morning , and she just screamed .
Within seconds , the Command Center received a visual report from another aircraft , and informed headquarters that the aircraft was 20 miles northwest of Johnstown .
Ted is a single father with three children under 10 .
pogonip Another sure-fire dictionary not a quick drink snatched while riding a bouncy stick , but a fog laden with particles of ice .
Only written or printed Chinese provides the glue to hold the Babel together .
I also encourage you to seek additional support through your company , church , or service organization .
Perhaps Aman will sharpen his perspective and techniques and institute such interviews as a regular feature of Maledicta .
The correct translation is the Yueh -LRB- or Viet -RRB- of the south -LRB- as opposed to the Yueh who used to be just beyond present-day Shanghai -RRB- .
words = terms -LRB- synonym -RRB- perverse = flag for anagram anagram of ` terms ' = MSTER the first person = ADAM without = outside -LRB- ! -RRB- ADAM outside MSTER = AMSTERDAM
Miyares ' repeated trips to sick call basically boiled down to , get your act together and get back in the field , or we 'll make you a private again sergeant .
The definition in the Third Unabridged was a model of clarity compared with that .
And , pursuant to the President 's instructions I gave authorization for them to be taken out .
Parents seem to be in the best position to read to their child often and to tailor their dialogues to the child 's interests and abilities .
Are you reading things ?
In some plants , the carts may contain up to a day 's worth of work .
In fact , a production line is probably never in perfect balance .
These are artists who are either emerging as leaders in their fields or who have already become well known .
He liked to do little league and soccer with him , and we did all the things families do .
Michael was born with cerebral palsy .
Were you to visit a school on an Israeli kibbutz -LRB- cooperative agricultural settlement -RRB- , you would find an explicit emphasis on cooperation and avoidance of pupil comparisons , and a far more positive attitude toward children who seek help than is common in American schools .
The alumni and friends of the graduate periodontics program at Indiana University School of Dentistry are establishing an endowment fund .
Though novel for its open endorsement of indiscriminate killing , Bin Ladin 's 1998 declaration was only the latest in the long series of his public and private calls since 1992 that singled out the United States for attack .
Yet these nagging problems do not negate the need for a new approach to inventory management ; they merely indicate how complicated supplier relationships have become .
The President apparently spoke to Secretary Rumsfeld for the first time that morning shortly after 10:00 .
farthingale Neither a singing , nocturnal coin , nor a storm of flatulence , but the light wooden frame that puffed out milady 's 16th-century skirt .
How will that compare to the number who would buy the same product but with a short pant length ?
This statement was also incorrect .
At last , he has found success in a job that he loves .
Well , let 's see , there 's I guess one of the favorite author 's of mine is Isaac Asimov who wrote some of the best science and science fiction that was ever written .
Where , where are you working now ?
And uh , my parents and I had stopped many times in a little town called New Market , VA which was just a / / little , / / yeah it seemed like a halfway point .
Every meter of fabric destined for apparel production is normally inspected by the textile manufacturer .
They want to regain their parents ' warmth and approval as quickly as possible .
For them , as for most feminists , political considerations are primary .
Just like the respect we 've earned from U.S.News and World Report .
In June 1984 I moved from Ottawa to Victoria , on Vancouver Island , where I now enjoy genteel retirement .
No move was made to evacuate the Vice President at this time .
Hold it as long as you can .
Because they 're going to set up a committee , he said to me , so that when those big battalions , he said to me , of guerrillas arrive , these people attend , for example , the president is going to talk to the rest so that they all get food together for them .
Only one thing made me a little suspicious when cranking up the in the descriptive text that appears on the screen , the word labeled is spelt labelled ` decidedly un-American .
They need real-time information regarding what goods their plants have in finished , work-in-process , and material inventories .
Each center thus had part of the knowledge of what was going on across the system .
The word Yiddish derives from the German judisch ` Jewish .
While this was being discussed by executives at FAA headquarters , the Command Center ordered one at 9:25 .
Ironically , she notes , economically less well o parents find it easier to establish a viable dividing line between workplace and home .
Insofar as it means attendant , an acolyte can be either a man or a woman .
Children who failed to grasp the kidnapper 's motive and the reason for the arrest judged him to be good , not bad .
Your continued generosity can help change a desperate mother 's life .
Moreover , significant increases in state financial support for public higher education are extremely unlikely during the remainder of this decade .
Contact my office in the fall for the schedule and listing of this years ' artists .
Or do you feel like in general that 's how high school is as opposed to college ?
In addition to that , by helping them find jobs , Goodwill reduced the state 's Public Support tab by an estimated $ 4 million .
Excessive stimulation also causes them to withdraw as they try to shield themselves from a stimulus deluge , thereby creating conditions that , paradoxically , are much like stimulus deprivation !
Finally , apparel manufacturers can make innovations in the assembly stage through modular , or team-based , production .
Another passenger told her they were traveling northeast .
You do numbers real fast ?
You could n't leave it if you did n't rinse your glass out after you got drinking after you got done drinking it would stick to the glass to the point where you 'd have to scrape it .
Determining the degree to which a supplier benefits from its technological investments is the real issue .
In the same way , those who support equal rights for women would be well advised to concentrate on the issues at hand and not contaminate their cause with trivia , like whether Romeo and Juliet or Antony and Cleopatra ought to have the order of the names reversed in odd-numbered years so that women get top billing .
At 9:36 , the FAA 's Boston Center called NEADS and relayed the discovery about an unidentified aircraft closing in on Latest report .
Societies seldom see what is central in their own cultures , having much less trouble identifying it in the cultures of others .
Please support our 1996 United Way campaign .
So please become an Audubon Society Member now !
Well , so many bullets , so many things .
Your tax-deductible contribution may be sent in the enclosed postage-paid envelope with the attached return card .
In the hands of parents and teachers lies the awesome responsibility of conveying to the next generation the intellectual , scientific , aesthetic , and moral achievements that dierentiate our species from others .
Lenient -- lenient , you know .
I think she must have enjoyed it because she read them to us too .
This means that half of your contribution will be returned to you through State tax savings , while the entire donation amount will remain deductible on your Federal taxes .
At 8:21 , American 11 turned off its transponder , immediately degrading the information available about the aircraft .
I think that 's one I remember , a lot because when I was in 1st grade , I was sick a lot of the year , and I was out of school a lot of the year .
In sociocultural theory , this joint , mutual focus is called intersubjectivity , or shared understanding .
Young Parents A key component in reduction of potential risk of child abuse , designed to decrease stress in the parent/child relationship enabling the parent to continue school attendance and achievement .
Although changes in how managers orchestrate production flow through the sewing room are starting to make a difference , shifts in the practices of shop-floor workers have more to do with new human resource policies than equipment .
Did you read this story itself , yourself , when you were young , or was it first told to you by someone ?
Lakeside city located inside the embankment or on top of it
But after September 1996 , when first Jalalabad and then Kabul fell to the Taliban , Bin Ladin cemented his ties with them .
When most people think of apparel design , they see fashion designers and models on runways .
After an adult describes and demonstrates some activity -LRB- for example , putting a teddy bear to bed -RRB- , 1-year-olds who as yet have little language can easily reproduce the main steps in correct sequence with toys .
58 provides the cost for one boy or girl to participate in scouting activities for a year .
Um , she always kept all her bills and expenses at an absolute minimum ran everything very efficiently kept an extremely tidy house uh .
For example , students are provided both traditional classroom education , which emphasizes legal reasoning and analysis , and extensive training in fundamental lawyering skills .
Gradually , the child takes increasing responsibility for attaining intersubjectivity , until both parties make similar contributions to the shared mental state that fuels children 's learning in the zone .
M and S also go out of their way to praise usages that neatly sidestep offensive usage .
I was , and still am , captivated by Babies cry for liquor an ' the birds sing bass , and in the arrogance of my youth , I was certain that nobody else on the airfield either knew or cared who Bessie Smith was , nor would any other G.I. be enchanted by basso birds , so I turned thief .
Miyares is a quick to share credit for his success with his business partner and long time friend Clay Chong -LRB- they own NUVENCO Group , a San Diego based product and business management firm where Chong is president and Miyares vice president -RRB- ; Chong 's wife , Jan , administrative supervisor for the organization ; and JoAnn .
The newly svelte lady surely had in mind an about-face , not a pirouette , and was lithely -LRB- as she might say -RRB- unaware that her expanded metaphor had canceled the sense of her loss -LRB- a moroxish pun ? -RRB-
My memory is rickety , but I am sure my first recording was labeled MUSKRAT RAMBLE , and I think , though I am less sure , that it was played by the late Muggsy Spanier , who was , to my mind , one of the greatest of jazz trumpeters .
Instead , parents who warmly , but consistently and assertively , require their inhibited child to try new experiences and guide and support them in doing so actually reduce the child 's physiological stress reactions , fostering a more adaptive style in the child .
Um we always tended to stop somewhere scenic either going to or coming from .
Earth to Marvin .
Instead , he underscores that children are avid , active learners , but adults must cultivate their drive toward mastery .
Adjective , being before especially in time or arrangement
The Black Cane Society is named after the Black Cane award which is given annually by the law students to the professor who is voted to be the most outstanding classroom teacher .
I had , had put in several weeks that were between 60 and 90 hours a week .
/ / The fine county of Gaston .
Rounding a bend , with the sun now behind us , the show suddenly transforms to green moss , yellow sand , blue-green conifers .
The answer has nothing to do with their cause , however , but with the simple fact that dictionaries are not exercises in bi-unique substitutability ; in other words , if one of the senses of run is ` operate ' -LRB- as in She runs an engine factory -RRB- , that does not make it valid to assume that one can substitute operate for run in We run in the marathon every year . Although recognizing this as a shortcoming of dictionaries and assigning it arbitrarily to what , for lack of a better term , we might call the genius of the language , might seem trivial to the casual observer , it is a valid matter for concern in the realm of lexicology .
We 're just , we just we do n't know who he is .
You ca n't take it with you -- neither can I , unfortunately .
I have nobody here to guide me .
They need real-time information regarding what goods their plants have in finished , work-in-process , and material inventories .
It is important to note also that this product was not promoted at retail with discounted prices at any time during this period , so the variation is not due to consumers preferring to purchase a product when it was on sale .
Sometimes I gave up , as when pointing to my temples -LRB- white -RRB- brought shampoo rather than the desired bleach .
I liked those Disney World things .
For the same time period , our alumni participation in similar firms was 31 percent to 67 percent .
Fewer were seen as involved in worthwhile activities that truly engaged them .
It has been suggested that SF include only those stories which would be invalidated without their scientific content ; that fiction which concerns science , scientists , and the impact of science on humans ; that which explores alternate existences -LRB- whether future , extraterrestrial , or only in characters ' minds -RRB- based on facts and logical progression via scientific method .
The Salvation Army received a note not long ago from a woman who makes contributions to our programs from time to time .
However , its history has been maintained in the present law school building through the display of its stained glass windows and the old oak fireplace .
Together , I believe that we can make a contribution which will be very meaningful for the students at the school .
-RRB- Juvenal wrote his satire on Rome in the early years of the second century , during the reign of the Emperor Trajan .
She recalled first telling the President it was a twin-engine aircraft-and then a commercial aircraft-that had struck the World Trade Center , adding that 's all we know right now , Mr. President .
Or the virtual impossibility of finding a quiet place to study or even think , so that the children can cope in school and one day have a chance of achieving something better ?
I 'm enclosing some information on Children 's Harbor which I hope you 'll find interesting .
On October 29th , a BBC Radio Scotland program was running a competition in which people calling in were asked to spell ventriloquist and kibbutz -LRB- among other words , presumably -RRB- ; several callers with older voices ` they certainly were not children ` were unable to do so ; does that mean that the Scots are to be excepted from the QES campaign to compel all children to study formal grammar up to the age of 16 or that the rot set in long ago ?
In late October a young woman librarian at the college took me to a flower-arranging exhibition .
Adjust the task to an appropriately challenging level , and tailor teaching and assistance to the child 's changing needs .
Although few retailers have embraced the complete set of forecasting and inventory models described in this chapter , lean retailers are moving in that direction .
I 'm all for Latin courses , but there 's an easier way of building your English vocabulary then plowing through the intricacies of Latin morphology and syntax .
If I was n't working here .
The items are then stored in a way that makes them easy to pick for an order about to be shipped .
What were your least favorite parts of the story ?
The Vice President again said yes .
Such requirements could arise either as a result of voluntary agreements among retailers and apparel suppliers or be mandated through regulation .
In fact , our analysis of the HCTAR data shows that the probability of adopting shipping container markers and modular production significantly increases if both bar codes and EDI have already been implemented .
If the sewing machine is correctly threaded , the operator then lifts the presser foot ' a device that comes down on either side of the needle to hold the cloth ` and , if the needle is in the up position , inserts the fabric .
And as our discussion in Chapter 6 will reveal , on the whole , the quality of American child care ` whether center-based or home-based ` is mediocre to abysmal .
Please , consider renewing your support of these great kids today .
No normal speaker of English encountering Man wants but little here below wonders ` except facetiously ` why women have been ignored .
In any event , it is hard to discern , from the arch style affected in an attempt to make dull facts interesting , just what is the origin of sow one 's wild oats . In many entries , Claiborne labors the obvious , offering little or nothing we do not already know , could easily imagine , or for which the author offers no explanation .
It is far better for anyone to kill a single American soldier than to squander his efforts on other activities , he said .
I was asleep , but Luigi was awake , and he thought he detected a vague form nearing the bed .
Uh Asimov , he died about 8 years ago but I still find one or two of his that I had n't read yet .
Talia , mother of a 7-year - My son Anselmo , a first grader , constantly asks us to help him with his homework .
The second radio transmission , 35 seconds later , indicated that the fight was continuing .
He notified his supervisor , who passed the notice up the chain of command .
We are the only statewide not-for-profit organization whose primary mission is child abuse prevention .
As the Soviets began their withdrawal , the jihad 's leaders debated what to do next .
Bin Ladin apparently kept his options open , maintaining contacts with Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , who , though an Islamic extremist , was also one of the Taliban 's most militant opponents .
That was the deal for them to get off my back and let me do what I wanted to do .
My , and I somehow managed to convince my , my mother and stepfather , of the time , to uh get me a couple of turn tables and started mixing songs and scratching and doing all that D.J. stuff .
This organization 's structure included as its operating arms an intelligence component , a military committee , a financial committee , a political committee , and a committee in charge of media affairs and propaganda .
I am inclined to prefer perjink and its derivatives .
From the start , she draws Kevin into the activity , explains her pretend actions so he can build on them , and responds cooperatively and appropriately to Kevin 's suggestions , as he does to hers .
It 's a nice place to grow up .
-LSB- the tenor -RSB- brings the opera to its climax in his final suicide .
I 'm going to try to confirm an ID for you , but I would assume he 's somewhere over , uh , either New Jersey or somewhere further south .
When I investigated all the different ways I could get involved to help local families , I discovered the answer that made the most sense was United Way of Central Indiana .
The flight did not respond .
We first turn to the problem of forecasting sales in retail stores .
If these special children are to become the adults we all need them to be , we have to lead them in the right direction right now .
The Herndon Command Center immediately established a teleconference between Boston , New York , and Cleveland Centers so that Boston Center could help the others understand what was happening .
The second chapter of the Handbook is devoted in its entirety to The Pronoun Problem , mercifully concluding with the expression of some doubt that an artificial generic pronoun , like hir , thon , per , and other abominations , is likely to take hold .
Use the enclosed card and give a generous gift to Goodwill today !
Of the two , the W geographical listings seem more W lists Aylesbury , which , through some grievous , egregious fault , is not in the geographical section of the L but does appear in the A-Z section -LRB- because of the ducks -RRB- .
This , in turn , suggests that firms with more of the key technologies in place will have total inventories that are less volatile .
In high school I was , you know , 3.0 's , you knows A 's and B 's an occasional C . Now here I 'm lucky if I get a C on something .
He inspired more research on children 's thinking than any other single theorist .
Girl Scouting benefits Parent/child relationships .
The computer can watercolor the sketch and produce the storyboard for presentation .
I would like to look for a job in education , possibly teaching elementary school , um , hopefully up north I would rather do that up north , so --
In the most extreme case , a stock-out might cause a customer to switch retailers , costing the lifetime value of that customer and others who might defect due to negative word-of-mouth .
Figure 14.5 shows our basic results in regard to average profit margin for different levels of technology adoption .
Each prospective and current program is evaluated on the basis of its support of one or more aspects of women 's needs .
Azzam , by contrast , favored continuing to fight in Afghanistan until it had a true Islamist government .
Bottom-up the young being inducted into school at an early age and proceeding , level by level , to institutions of ever higher learning , stopping off for various reasons at various levels , usually marked by tests and the distribution of certificates providing a social grade .
The first President Bush had authorized the use of U.S. military forces to ensure humanitarian relief in war-torn Somalia .
Let 's look for Paua shells !
While it apparently was not heard by the passengers , this announcement , like those on Flight 11 and Flight 77 , was intended to deceive them .
Yeah that 's one that I like .
Your memories are probably very similar .
These funds would insure that scholarships are available to students as long as there are students to support .
It was always warm .
During his entire time in Sudan , he had maintained guesthouses and training camps in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
You got a job cutting siding was n't it ?
Under Boolean algebra , W has the a set that is closed under the two commutative binary operations and that can be described by any of various systems of postulates all of which can be deduced from the postulates that an identity element exists for each operation , that each operation is distributive over the other , and that for every element in the set there is another element which when combined with the first under one of the operations yields the identity element of the other operation < under the operations of taking intersections and unions , the subsets of a given set form a Boolean algebra
In the apt description of one witness , It drops below the radar screen and it 's just continually hovering in your imagination ; you do n't know where it is or what happens to it .
Touching the lives of youth on a daily basis , helping develop new skills , and preparing children to face the challenges of the next century are the Club 's strengths .
Although small specialty shops were limited to a few items , such as those found in a traditional dressmaker or milliner 's shop , department stores offered fixed prices and the convenience of returning purchases for exchange or cash .
What was , well you clearly remember this story , but once you got a little older and could remember a little better , what would you say some of your favorite stories and books were , as a child growing up ?
My favorite story , um , oh , Cinderella .
You ca n't do it with your hands ; you need a peeler .
In fact , it is the key member of a whole family of Graphic CEs , all with their own specific flags to indicate whether the answer is to be composed from last letters , middle letters , or other word fragments .
Return the completed card with your check by October 15 to receive an invitation to a special artist dinner on November 8 .
The music industry , well , you want more of the juicy , sordid details .
In our fund raising efforts to date , we have received the support of local government , foundations , and corporations as well as the personal financial commitments of individual MCCOY Board members .
Constant Lambert noted The most successful time traveler of our days was undoubtedly Serge Diaghileff .
It is difficult for the nonspecialist reader -LRB- like me -RRB- to assess the validity of his arguments , which are based on his contention that the language -LRB- and its congeners -RRB- were carried along by the spread of nomad pastoralism .
At 9:32 , a hijacker , probably Jarrah , made or attempted to make the following announcement to the passengers of Flight 93 : Ladies and Here the captain , please sit down keep remaining sitting .
' The principal parent of Yiddish is High German , the form of German encountered by Jewish settlers from northern France in the eleventh century .
At 8:28 , Boston Center called the Command Center in Herndon to advise that it believed American 11 had been hijacked and was heading toward New York Center 's airspace .
The Vice President recalled being told , just after his arrival , that the Air Force was trying to establish a combat air patrol over Washington .
But it was a bunch of wild and crazy stories .
The controller knew American 11 was hijacked ; he was focused on searching for it after the aircraft disappeared at 8:46 .
Because they 're going to set up a committee , he said to me , so that when those big battalions , he said to me , of guerrillas arrive , these people attend , for example , the president is going to talk to the rest so that they all get food together for them .
The killers were assumed to be rival Egyptians .
Therefore , it is not surprising that most replenishment products are basics or fashion-basics with relatively stable Manufacturers are unwilling to hold speculative stock to meet replenishment requests from retailers for fashion products because the risk of holding those fashion goods in finished goods inventory is too high .
The Indianapolis YWCA is an open , supportive organization concerned with women and families ; providing opportunities to develop skills , knowledge and resources in the areas of health , self-awareness and leadership .
And this is , I guess , after , after high school , kind of right before college , actually , while I was in college , before I went away to school , while I was still in Brooklyn .
If any of us at the dental school can be of assistance , please write or call .
Your gifts have helped him grow , too , by providing the training and support Joe 's tutors have needed , buying the books , Joe used , and giving him the opportunity to meet and learn with other adult learners from Indianapolis and around the country .
It was , the Sphinx explains , his answer to the Man .
In this competition for legitimacy , secular regimes had no alternative to offer .
And I have it back in my room .
In an intensive observational study of daily storytelling in two communities ` six middle-class Chinese families in Taipei , Taiwan , and six middle-class American families in an Irish-Catholic neighborhood in Chicago'Peggy Miller and her colleagues72 found that preschoolers and their family members routinely narrated past experiences .
The groundwork for a true global terrorist network was being laid .
Join the Friends of Herron and get the inside scoop on the local art scene .
Acquiring Cultural Beliefs and Values .
There are sharp differences in the United States between organized labor and business and in the political arena as well .
I pointed out to him that if they made available a proper manual the number of calls could probably be reduced to 6,000 .
While the evidence of Iranian involvement is strong , there are also signs that al Qaeda played some role , as yet unknown .
To save this precious , historical land from developers , Audubon worked with a local bank and purchased this land for preservation .
Markets certainly have not disappeared , but these relationships have been transformed .
Duende meant ` hobgoblin , ' ` sprite , ' or ` ghost ' in Spanish for a long time , but it is not known when it acquired its artistic coloration .
Let me emphasize by further extending , in the quote above .
In fact , it is the key member of a whole family of Graphic CEs , all with their own specific flags to indicate whether the answer is to be composed from last letters , middle letters , or other word fragments .
I picture muskrats wallowing about in the mire and paddling sluggishly through the water , but I would n't call that rambling .
There is really no excuse , Fowler says -LRB- not he says ! -RRB-
Any Muslim who rejects his ideas is just one more nonbeliever worthy of destruction .
OK , let me ask the question here .
In some developing countries , workers are brought to the factories , which are generally located at the outer reaches of the local industrial infrastructure .
Initially , his successors could be drawn from the Prophet 's contemporaries , but with time , this was no longer possible .
And , uh , I assume , um , that English is your native language .
While his allied Islamist groups were focused on local battles , such as those in Egypt , Algeria , Bosnia , or Chechnya , Bin Ladin concentrated on attacking the far enemy-the United States .
Let 's look for Paua shells !
By the mid-1980s , a number of the most prestigious retailers were faltering , with some filing for bankruptcy or being acquired by other retailers .
Note that the I/S standard deviations control for differences in firm size .
People generally seem to find dialect study interesting .
If you would like information , please enter your response in the appropriate area and your name , address and / or phone number in the space provided at the end .
After our caseworkers meet with these families and their children they often find they lack even the basic necessities such as cooking utensils , beds , cleaning supplies , etc. .
When the vacuum pump comes on , five pounds of force per square foot push down on the fabric .
But caring adults like you can reach out and help .
Our state appropriation is not now - nor has it ever been -- sufficient to fund , for example , all of the costs associated with faculty research , student programs , scholarships , seminars , guest speakers , and the law library .
It 's not a family story .
Supported by government grants , private foundations , and law firms
A total of 32 such National Guard teams were authorized by fiscal year 2001 .
When he came home , it was harder controlling diabetes .
The correct translation is the Yueh -LRB- or Viet -RRB- of the south -LRB- as opposed to the Yueh who used to be just beyond present-day Shanghai -RRB- .
Adjective , being before especially in time or arrangement
Other extremists had , and have , followings of their own .
In this case , public outrage led to early workers ' compensation and factory inspection legislation .
The attacks on the U.S. embassies in East Africa in the summer of 1998 would take a different form-planned , directed , and executed by al Qaeda , under the direct supervision of Bin Ladin and his chief aides .
Do you play football a lot ?
After all , what can one do with a language like English except come up with things like A SLUT NIXES SEX IN TULSA or I MAIM MAIMI ?
When we began our research , we were advised by American industry participants to establish better performance measures ` for example , how many minutes does it take to make a shirt ?
Incidentally , I startled them one day with Victor Borge 's punctuation system , which instructed and delighted them with its differentiated popping and spitting .
Please make checks payable to Indiana University Foundation .
There was also a candy store about three or four blocks in the other direction called Pud 's that we used to walk up to and across the street from Pud 's was the local fire department and the uh the firemen used to let us play on the fire engines which is completely unheard of nowadays but they let us you know climb all over them , get inside and honk the horns you know put on fire jacket and boots or whatever we wanted to do and uh I guess there just were n't a lot of fires in Asheville in that part of town because they never seemed to be concerned that we would be interfering with their preparedness .
At that point in time , the Langley pilots did not know the threat they were facing , did not know where United 93 was located , and did not have shootdown authorization .
Please show your support and make a gift .
At 9:36 , the FAA 's Boston Center called NEADS and relayed the discovery about an unidentified aircraft closing in on Latest report .
-LSB- I -RSB- mmigrants are cheap and controllable .
Similarly , feminists discourage titles that identify women 's -LRB- but not men 's -RRB- marital status -LRB- though many users mistakenly assume Ms . a synonym for Miss -RRB- .
Because I 'm like a lifeguard every summer and this year I had to get a winter job all year .
One other technical innovation deserves mention here , partly because it illustrates why the most sophisticated equipment is not always appropriate for factory operations .
The word might also have been used for a receptacle near the guns where powder and balls were kept .
Steven Schimmele Vice President , Class of 1992
A , a DJ by the name of Funk Master Flex , who put out a few albums and I do n't even remember what they called .
Not long afterward , senior al Qaeda operatives and trainers traveled to Iran to receive training in explosives .
Only smooth and clever entry into the make-believe activity ` for example , inviting the dolls and stuffed animals to get up for breakfast ` could lure Mattie into starting the real part of her day without protest .
Concerns over the safety of other aircraft began to mount .
My friend , a punster , spotted the fact that the plate nicely violated the no offensive plates rule .
My ankle .
Hoping to find a lake is included
noisome Has nothing to do with sound or decibel level , but means simply unpleasant or disgusting .
Contributions qualify for tax deductions under state and Federal guidelines .
Um , the joys , joys and fun of construction .
That is , this is the last such request that will be penned from the Cavanaugh Hall address .
As a nonexpert , although interested , subscriber to VERBATIM , it is a bit mysterious to me that the singular noun absence takes the plural verb are . I refer to the first sentence of your article about the Longman Dictionary -LSB- XV ,1 -RSB- .
That message and all subsequent attempts to contact the flight were not acknowledged .
The first of two case studies illustrates how demand uncertainty affects a firm 's target inventory levels .
Well , one day , I sai , I was going from San Miguel , uh , to Carolina , my brother lived , my brother was the principal of that , of that school there , in Carolina .
I did n't do a lot of reading .
It 's just not me .
Retailers have an incentive to stock high levels of They want both to provide sufficient display stock to attract customers 'em pty shelves are not inviting ` and to have products available for those who wish to purchase them .
When we began our research , we were advised by American industry participants to establish better performance measures ` for example , how many minutes does it take to make a shirt ?
We believe such statements do not reflect an adequate appreciation of the FAA 's responsibility for the safety and security of civil aviation .
Your donation to the Herron School of Art and Gallery is crucial to this goal .
You have a good attitude about it , though !
Black and white yeah .
At that point , the second call was cut off .
Regular TV viewing typically begins between 2 and 3 years of age , consuming about 10 .
The field is about 100 years old .
90 In order to understand how the two agencies interacted eight years later , we will review their missions , command and control structures , and working relationship on the morning of 9/11 .
In 1986 , a bomb went off at a disco in Berlin , killing two American soldiers .
Thank , thank you for your stories .
A decade of conflict in Afghanistan , from 1979 to 1989 , gave Islamist extremists a rallying point and training field .
You can go out on the weekends but during the week it , you know , it should be study time .
When a pattern piece is cut from the lay , the cutter then makes the notch cuts indicated on the marker .
Um , not too many stories about my dad 's childhood .
I wanted to briefly share with you some of the specific uses of the funds that are donated each year .
Now he is on a ramble with his hand out and a pleading look in his roadmapped eyes .
Anything you remember ?
Uh , well , would you care to relate the story to me now ?
The standardized shipping container marker ` which is possible only because of the existence of bar codes in the first place ` provides a scannable description of a carton that can be electronically associated with data files containing specific information on the individual products shipped to the retailer .
Um , she pretty much showed a lot of disinterest at best and , and outright hostility at worst towards my mom until we the kids came along .
But grammar enters the picture here , too , and dictionaries are remiss in syntactic description of how the language works in comparison with what its words mean , how they are spelled and pronounced , and where they came from .
Another commercial aircraft in the vicinity then radioed in with reports over the radio of a commuter plane hitting the World Trade Center .
When two peoples speaking different languages share a common border , there is an infiltration of words from one language to the other .
We arrived , at my brother 's , and Cristobal , with the livestock and the rest , still had n't arrived .
Consider the following conversation between Mel and his 4-year-old son , Ben , as the pair took a summer-evening walk on a California beach near their home .
More than the actual events , inaccurate government accounts of those events made it appear that the military was notified in time to respond to two of the hijackings , raising questions about the adequacy of the response .
The knife and motor are supported above the base plate by a frame .
You would open the back door and you felt like you were big stuff .
Tomorrow will be another day for the kids , they rationalize , but a business deal or a professional achievement , if not capitalized on at the moment , may evaporate .
And that 's why I 'm writing to you today .
So what has changed the prognosis for American apparel and textiles and provided new opportunities for these industries ?
Your investment is critical to making our community a better place .
Well , so many bullets , so many things .
The alumni and friends of the graduate periodontics program at Indiana University School of Dentistry are establishing an endowment fund .
Given the predominant share of workers in assembly , organization of work in the sewing room has been the central focus of management attention .
Nine other classes will be participating in this effort , as well .
The call lasted about two minutes , after which Policastro and a colleague tried unsuccessfully to contact the flight .
Our goal is to award scholarships in the amount of $ 5,000 to first-year minority dental students to pay for supplies and equipment required in the first academic year .
Macbeth 's action to have the bond canceled becomes null and void .
Receiving inquiries and requests for information and services from around the world , and having assisted many in their vocational rehabilitation and business , the dba is recognized as one of the nation 's largest and leading authorities on the self-employment of people with disabilities .
If you 'd like to make a donation at a later date , please indicate your pledge on the invoice and return it to us .
So you could n't tell what kind , at night , what kind of people were going by , but you could hear clatter , because even beasts full of weapons , with , everything , you know ?
Pursuant to the Nunn-Lugar-Domenici Domestic Preparedness Program , the Defense Department began in 1997 to train first responders in 120 of the nation 's largest cities .
As the above clues demonstrate , a Graphic CE should be accompanied not only by a flag but also by a Semantic CE .
When Hart , Schaffner , and Marx , for instance , opened its doors in 1879 , only 40 percent of men 's suits were ready-made .
It would be so damn foggy you could not see the yellow line on that divided highway in front of you and we to turn left out onto this highway .
Nonsexist language is no universal antidote .
Clearly , true quality time for children is quantity time and more !
Let us start with the three groups of clues encountered in the classical crossword synonyms , superordinates , and definitions .
While his allied Islamist groups were focused on local battles , such as those in Egypt , Algeria , Bosnia , or Chechnya , Bin Ladin concentrated on attacking the far enemy-the United States .
These examples of onomatoplazia are a personal set , words that have led me astray .
Misalignment of the edges can ruin many pattern pieces and the final garments for which they were intended .
Children of highly involved fathers score better on measures of intelligence , school achievement , mature social behavior , and fiexible beliefs about gender roles ` in short , on all the positive outcomes associated with maternal employment .
-LSB- A message to businessmen from the Pasco County -LRB- Fla. . -RRB-
About thirty years ago , when I was concocting an epicurean dish and saw that I had no sherry on hand , I went to the liquor store and bought a bottle of muscatel that was being sold for an absurdly low price and that I thought might be exactly right for my sauce .
And they are less likely to cry and more likely to use gestures and words to express their desires than are infants whose parents delayed or failed to respond to their calls for help .
In 1990 , 73 percent of all workers in this industry were classified as working in the sewing department ; 91 percent were sewing machine operators .
hordes of giggling high school girls ...
Instead , he underscores that children are avid , active learners , but adults must cultivate their drive toward mastery .
And that 's like I can totally see my dad in my personality .
Instead , parents who warmly , but consistently and assertively , require their inhibited child to try new experiences and guide and support them in doing so actually reduce the child 's physiological stress reactions , fostering a more adaptive style in the child .
Those in Egypt , Libya , Iraq , and Yemen were eventually overthrown by secular nationalist revolutionaries .
The Lord helped me for a reason .
I think she must have enjoyed it because she read them to us too .
Human needs are on the rise in central Indiana and we have to meet the challenge .
That would be an interesting day .
Well , it would probably been things like living back in the hills of TN and having to ride a mule to school , things like that .
On 9/11 , the terrorists turned off the transponders on three of the four hijacked aircraft .
We hope that you will consider a personal gift to help us offer our young people as possible .
Furthermore , the repression and isolation of women in many Muslim countries have not only seriously limited individual opportunity but also crippled overall economic productivity .
And what 's your major ?
Human needs are on the rise in central Indiana and we have to meet the challenge .
About five minutes after the hijacking began , Betty Ong contacted the American Airlines Southeastern Reservations Office in Cary , North Carolina , via an AT&T airphone to report an emergency aboard the flight .
In terms of the retail bottom line , this risk appeared in the indirect costs associated with holding inventories of unwanted products and stock-outs of popular items .
Subcontractors who might do cutting as well as sewing are provided with enough fabric to make the order .
It seems unnecessary to point out that Framework can not have a very sophisticated list of words if it has only 37,000 in its memory , but I thought it might be interesting to see what substitutions were evoked by SUGGEST .
In British English it is no longer considered a solecism to use the plurals they , their , them , theirs as a generalized pronoun for words like eyeryone , everybody , anyone , anybody , etc. .
You could n't leave it if you did n't rinse your glass out after you got drinking after you got done drinking it would stick to the glass to the point where you 'd have to scrape it .
But the second reads like gobbledygook while the first tries to provide some basic notion of what is involved and where it is applied while , at the same time , gently notifying users that they are going to have to seek elsewhere for a proper definition , the understanding of which requires far more backgound in mathematics and logic than can be assumed in the average user .
the evidence in the published work is quite thin
One of the wife 's brothers had come .
So you guys get along really well now ?
Between 9:34 and 9:38 , the Cleveland controller observed United 93 climbing to 40,700 feet and immediately moved several aircraft out its way .
he said to me .
President Reagan quickly withdrew U.S. forces from Lebanon-a reversal later routinely cited by jihadists as evidence of U.S. weakness .
Retail buyers of old grappled with this problem as they do today .
Then detach the lower portion and return to us as soon as possible in the postage-paid envelope .
Yeah , I have a son that uh , likes to relive the tragedy of his split lip .
Both set off the alarm , and they were directed to a second metal detector .
that an anagram is lurking nearby .
So I liked that .
Since 1984 , Indy Reads -LRB- formerly the Greater Indianapolis Literacy League -RRB- has provided tutoring to adults in Marion County reading at the very lowest level of literacy .
On Flight 93 , however , the takeover took place 46 minutes after takeoff and there were only four hijackers .
The Branch 's goals focus on increasing the percentage of youth Grow into mentally and physically healthy adults ; Know how to structure their lives in ways that produce meaning and enjoyment ; Plan their high school program to allow them to qualify for future higher education , even if the current goals are vocational ; Use non-violent conflict resolution skills when needed ; Reach adulthood without being involved in alcohol , tobacco and other drug use ; Are able to develop and achieve their goals and aspirations .
The Other A view of the smoking room and library of the House of Commons in March 1987 was commissioned for the House by 156 of the members of Parliament who were not included in the Official Painting .
an item recorded , as in a diary , dictionary , or account .
Denim is from de ` from ' + Nimes , the town .
And uh she had just cartons and cartons of soup labels that she had saved over the years and redeem them you know I do n't know five cents a bushel so she was very practical in that regard .
It was n't bad , The wine jogged my thoughts back to Muscat Ramble . Muscatel is made from muscat grapes , is sometimes called muscat , and , being relatively cheap and sweet and high in alcohol content , is the booze of choice for a great many wines .
My mom believes me , because she knows I 'll go .
In most cases , they dealt with words and functional elements , creating what are called reconstructions in hypothetical family prototypes called , variously , Proto-Latin , Proto-Greek , Proto-Germanic , Proto-Indo-Iranian , and so forth , the ultimate goal being to posit a single language called Proto-Indo-European .
Um , Peyton Place was , had , um , kind of a fascination because I was at summer camp in NH , near Gilmanton Iron Works , where that woman , the author , lived .
A good book for browsing in , giving many Scots words which have come into use in other parts of the English-speaking world and others which could perhaps add a little color -LRB- or colour -RRB- to English vocabulary here and there .
The phrase is a reminder of its medieval provenance , its academic focus , and its corporate style .
Making a marker is a complicated task , even with modern computer assistance .
But the cases suggest that stepping in only in at times of crisis can not compensate for providing the ongoing togetherness and haven of a family .
What to make of the fact that one may be henpecked but not cockpecked ?
About thirty years ago , when I was concocting an epicurean dish and saw that I had no sherry on hand , I went to the liquor store and bought a bottle of muscatel that was being sold for an absurdly low price and that I thought might be exactly right for my sauce .
The operation was not cost the United States lost two planes .
Regardless of how customization was done in the past , consumers paid more for the end product .
Yeah on some of the songs yeah .
United 93 was spotted by another aircraft , and , at 10:01 , the Command Center advised FAA headquarters that one of the aircraft had seen United 93 waving his wings .
But like , so I was always raised like a tomboy and everything like that and my dad treated me like a guy all the time .
He died in a ferryboat accident on Lake Victoria just a few days after Bin Ladin arrived in Jalalabad , leaving Bin Ladin with a need to replace him not only in the Shura but also as supervisor of the cells and prospective operations in East Africa .
In addition , its capacity to use information on the state of demand allows it to set inventory levels on a SKU basis that balances the benefits of having a product available against the costs of holding work-in-process and finished goods inventories .
In the 1934 book Music Ho !
An ambulance ?
General David Wherley-the commander of the 113th Wing-reached out to the Secret Service after hearing secondhand reports that it wanted fighters airborne .
6 million grant from Lilly Endowment Inc. .
In order to study performance we must first examine how different manufacturing practices fit together for suppliers .
She 's got all of those , and a swing and a table , too !
Al Qaeda leaders set up a Nairobi cell and used it to send weapons and trainers to the Somali warlords battling U.S. forces , an operation directly supervised by al Qaeda 's military leader .
Product stock-outs accounted for 24 percent , $ 6 billion , of the losses , and the cost of inventory carrying itself constituted the remaining 20 percent , $ 5 billion .
When 3 - and 4-year-olds use their newfound capacity to talk about mental states during play with friends , their understanding of false belief improves further .
The phrase brave new world is now synonymous with a nightmarish , technically advanced society .
All the hijackers had assigned seats in first class , and they seem to have used them .
The order must be broken down into groups of units to be worked on together .
If you would like information , please enter your response in the appropriate area and your name , address and / or phone number in the space provided at the end .
Instead , children are active agents , contributing to the creation of their own thought processes by collaborating with more experienced cultural members in meaningful activities .
Last year , Goodwill helped 3,300 people find jobs that increased their self-sufficiency .
What , you said that you were four ?
Please join me in making a generous contribution to this year 's Annual Campaign .
Lacking a target , they were vectored toward military-controlled airspace off the Long Island coast .
He argued that other extremists , who aimed at local rulers or Israel , did not go far enough .
The assembly of most items of apparel follows the work flow sketched here .
Through our support of the Annual Fund , you and I can help continue the educational tradition we enjoyed -- a strong foundation for a lifetime of continued learning and growth .
The air defense of America began with this call .
Because my whole first year , I did n't work .
His checked bag was screened for explosives and then loaded on the plane .
So , we stayed there .
Recall the Zinacanteco Indian child weavers and the Brazilian child street vendors , who are advanced in skills relevant to their own culture yet behind on tasks devised for children in Western industrialized nations .
In fact , it is the key member of a whole family of Graphic CEs , all with their own specific flags to indicate whether the answer is to be composed from last letters , middle letters , or other word fragments .
Moscow declared it would pull its military forces out of Afghanistan within the next nine months .
They made up stories sometimes , my mother in particular , she made up stories .
For example , with a $ 5 biweekly or $ 10 monthly contributon , a person can be a Century Club member .
And did you find that to be kind of hard , or did , you know -- ?
It suggests that many parents who feel overwhelmed by life 's demands ought to be able to free up more time for their childre n'the first step toward high-quality child rearing .
We were mentioning , we were mentioning writers you enjoy reading now and we had to take a break .
On the other hand , the shared main entry for watershed has twenty-three words in CED but 93 in Cobuild . And the word waterless is a main entry in Cobuild , explained in twenty words , whereas in CED it is naught but a so-called undefined runon ` merely mentioned , but not explained explicitly , as a sub-entry at water . So CED enters more items than Cobuild , but devotes less space to explaining them .
My friend , a punster , spotted the fact that the plate nicely violated the no offensive plates rule .
Uh , I loved the part where they would , you know , make things out of nothing .
This was the last normal contact the FAA had with the flight .
The FBI told us they found no trace of explosives at the crash sites .
Allows children to learn , play , and develop friendships during their summer and holiday vacations .
As with all contributions made through I U Foundation , your gift is tax-deductible according to federal and state laws .
As explained by Professor Paul W. Kroll , Chairman of the Department of Oriental Languages and Literature , University of Colorado -LRB- Boulder -RRB- , this new people called themselves by a name that was very similar to the Chinese word for ` extreme .
What I liked about it was that kids were special .
I do n't know about Canada , Australia , etc. , but in the U.S. this kind of referent usage is considered a heinous illiteracy -LRB- by those who consider such matters -RRB- , and those who wish to appear educated would be wise to avoid it .
The definition in the Third Unabridged was a model of clarity compared with that .
Somewhere in VA Marsha sees a billboard for this restaurant to eat at .
At the conclusion of this vast exercise , done without the aid of computers , there emerged a pattern of familial relationships that linked together languages spoken , in earlier times , from Britain as far east as Chinese Turkestan and from India as far north as Lappland .
We 're at war ... somebody 's going to pay .
One of us will call you to discuss how your company can become an important highly visible partner with the JCC in support of our scholarship programs .
Girl Scouts experience a wide range of real life skills -- first aid , resume writing , and managing money .
I suspect that that is precisely the song 's origin .
J. C. Penney built an internal data communications network well in advance of its use with suppliers .
We hope the enclosed bookmark , just the right size for a paperback , will remind you of Joe and the hundreds of other adults working to improve their lives , their families and their community through stronger basic skills .
For example , the success of The Gap 's jeans , J. C. Penney 's Arizona line , and Sears 's Canyon River Blue line has led to erosion of the market share held by the two leading jeans manufacturers , Levi Strauss and VF Corporation .
Customers rarely inform the sales clerk in a typical retail store if a desired product is out of stock ; they either buy a different product or leave the store without making a purchase .
Almost all home machines are lockstitch machines .
These definitions are given in the most recent -LRB- 1983 -RRB- edition of Chambers 20th Century Dictionary , which was edited and published in Edinburgh .
Fadl resented receiving a salary of only $ 500 a month while some of the Egyptians in al Qaeda were given $ 1,200 a month .
They 're moving everybody out of the way .
Partnership with YMCA of Liberia - In 1998 , we continued our efforts to help the YMCA of Liberia re-establish after 7 years of civil war .
An amusing example of this kind of semantic confusion will be found in Chapter XX of Aldous Huxley 's Crome Yellow . From boyhood the romantic , poetically inclined hero , Denis Stone , found the word carminative particularly evocative .
However , despite exhaustive research , I am reluctantly forced to resort to the familiar lexical locution , ` Source unknown .
Bodenheim adds a Most of the above-listed terms are peculiar to Harlem , but some of them are also used by whites in other sections .
Not really , that 's all .
He wants a lollipop , too !
This was the word that first caught my eye as the obverse of onomatopoeia .
Building a Support System for Acquiring New Knowledge and Skills
Grandpop was a very quiet , somber man he would n't say much but uh , Gra ndmom was a little more boisterous .
Oh well , the cultural differences would come through in the writing , yeah , sure .
The recorder captured the sounds of loud thumps , crashes , shouts , and breaking glasses and plates .
These changes are related to new technology and foreign competition .
It 's just one of those things , you know that happened .
They were promptly executed .
The centering operation is important because the diameter of a knit tube varies slightly along its length , and it is necessary to reference cutting from the midline of the tube .
Five seconds later , Jarrah asked , Is that it ?
You may recall from my earlier letter regarding our 50th reunion that a room in the Union Building has been reserved for our use following the banquet on Friday .
From Home Work to Modern Manufacture
I might have been influenced by the preceding double is in tadashii . But I find that tadachi ni is frequently written and printed in two words , ni meaning ` in , ' so that tadachi ni just might be equivalent to something like ` in the immediate .
Your gifts have helped him grow , too , by providing the training and support Joe 's tutors have needed , buying the books , Joe used , and giving him the opportunity to meet and learn with other adult learners from Indianapolis and around the country .
Work hard study balance your time , you know .
The FAA manager of the teleconference also remembered that the military participated only briefly before the Pentagon was hit .
Your Third Prize notwithstanding , Duncan was murdered several pages earlier .
It is quite possible Jarrah knew of the success of the assault on the World Trade Center .
Not so paleolinguistics , or the reconstruction of ancient languages .
Did you notice any differences between an American writer and someone of foreign descent ?
Did he ever tell you any other stories ?
During the first broadcast , the captain or first officer could be heard declaring Mayday amid the sounds of a physical struggle in the cockpit .
It is difficult for the nonspecialist reader -LRB- like me -RRB- to assess the validity of his arguments , which are based on his contention that the language -LRB- and its congeners -RRB- were carried along by the spread of nomad pastoralism .
Please send your check today .
IUPUI is growing and so is the English Department .
Readiness for Narrative .
In the case of the suit manufacturer with plants in different locations , each individual suit is made from shell fabric cut from the same roll and generally the same ply of cloth on the lay table .
The Black Cane Society is named after the Black Cane award which is given annually by the law students to the professor who is voted to be the most outstanding classroom teacher .
In any event , it is hard to discern , from the arch style affected in an attempt to make dull facts interesting , just what is the origin of sow one 's wild oats . In many entries , Claiborne labors the obvious , offering little or nothing we do not already know , could easily imagine , or for which the author offers no explanation .
Under L , entries include Latin/Greek , defined by Aphra Behn , cited in Dale Spender 's book , as ` Secret codes supplied through an education traditionally denied women .
In every field , women too numerous to list were involved in developing knowledge and contributing to the welfare of their societies as they did the Roman Fabiola established a hospital where she worked both as nurse and doctor , becoming the first known woman surgeon before she died in AD 399 .
Please donate today .
over the moon ` elated '
So you could n't tell what kind , at night , what kind of people were going by , but you could hear clatter , because even beasts full of weapons , with , everything , you know ?
How should I start ?
-LSB- From a review of Handel 's Tamerlano in the issue of Stereo Review .
He soon made clear his desire for unchallenged control and for preparing the mujahideen to fight anywhere in the world .
It is basically composed of 29 percent Anglo-Saxon and 60 percent Romance -LRB- including Latin and Greek -RRB- words .
Together , I think we can make a contribution to that upgrading of the lounge which will be very meaningful for the students .
I do n't remember , but only , only a fractured collarbone , which I recommend to anyone that needs to break a bone , break a collarbone .
According to the blurb on the dust jacket of this distinctly unpleasant book , Rosalind Miles is head of the Centre for Women 's Studies at Coventry Polytechnic , a lecturer , broadcaster , journalist , and author of several other books , including a highly acclaimed biography of Ben Jonson .
What a pleasure , for example , to discover that one who has been tagged out at home plate is the victim of an out-throw .
Many of his followers became important members in the new organization , and his own close ties with Bin Ladin led many to think of him as the deputy head of al Qaeda .
Receiving inquiries and requests for information and services from around the world , and having assisted many in their vocational rehabilitation and business , the dba is recognized as one of the nation 's largest and leading authorities on the self-employment of people with disabilities .
These practices have resulted in the integration of enterprises at all stages of the distribution and production chain , because of the infusion of real-time information on consumer sales .
He was paying him five bucks an hour and he would , he could work all day Wednesday and uh , but I believe it was on that job there , that Kavalo , that Dad said , Look boy you can read a tape measure better that this forty year old man can so I 'll give you five bucks an hour if you prove you can do it .
The other maintains extensive information systems , which allow it to send , receive , and process information on retail demand , orders , and shipments ; advanced information technology also helps it plan manufacturing capacity so that the firm can engage in short-cycle production .
According to Vygotsky , children 's greatest self-control occurs during make-believe play .
The automated sewing systems that create the closely spaced regular stitch patterns used as decorative top stitching on men 's dress shirts , collars , cuffs , and pockets are examples of expensive machines operated for a single shift .
Mitch , in contrast , scores low on fearful distress and high on positive mood .
He also lost the head of his military committee , Abu Ubaidah al Banshiri , one of the most capable and popular leaders of al Qaeda .
The costs associated with demand uncertainty , which were previously connected primarily with fashion products ` that is , the problem of selling a highly perishable item ` have grown enormously for apparel retailers .
... Einstein 's Special Theory of Relativity does not say that E = MC2 and in leap year MC2 .
His preaching had inspired the assassination of Sadat .
Um , I wanted to be closer to my family , number one , and , um , number two , I have a lot of friends coming here , which helped me a lot , and , um , I just liked the Charlotte , um , UNC Charlotte because I wanted to be a , a nurse .
He was rebuffed , and the Saudis joined the U.S.-led coalition .
Groundhog hole found the front tire of the motorcycle and I managed to fly over the handlebars .
I want to know much of you .
Parental oversight and involvement in children 's TV viewing are essential for two reasons .
Human Growth and Development
So if there are something interesting or something worried , please give me a call at any time .
Some machines have an automatic thread-trimmer to do this step ; if not , then the threads must be cut and the finished work put in an appropriate pile to be tied together when all the pieces of the bundle have been finished .
Adding the Japanese final vowels produces Gone with the Windo . Hypercorrection , where Japanese speakers learn that many final vowels do not exist in the American version of the tongue and so remove them , sometimes incorrectly , gives us the California cities of San Francisk and Sacrament . This process resulted in the sign reading Pizz and Coffee .
Without fully realizing it , all of us speak the language of guns and cannons in our everyday conversation , and many words and phrases we spark forth date back to the era of black powder and muzzleloading .
In 1986 , a bomb went off at a disco in Berlin , killing two American soldiers .
Even when make-believe does fulfill a child 's wishes , such pleasure is not unique to play .
What a contrast from the city she 'd left a few miles back .
Well , they must have because I still read fiction .
Let 's Sports ! -LRB- ad for an athletic club -RRB- '
I do not know how he would rate it , but I must confess that for general use I am inclined to put it just a little ahead of Chambers . But I have n't found it quite as much fun to browse in .
So it 's , it 's written , as opposed to oral ?
It is many years since my contemporaries and I got a kick out of seeing even the bowdlerized f ** k in print -LRB- in Partridge 's Dictionary of Slang and Unconventional English , 1935 -RRB- , and fug in Mailer 's The Naked and the Dead allowed prudery to mock itself .
I 've been going up as a progress in school , so I , it will be a good change for me .
The first topic addressed in the White House video teleconference-at about 9:40 - was the physical security of the President , the White House , and federal agencies .
In parallel with the roots of onomatopoeia -LRB- onoma ` name ' + poiein ` to make or do ' -RRB- I have christened the effect onoma again + pladzein ` to mislead or deceive .
Pages later -LRB- Chapter XXXVII -RRB- , it is acknowledged that He , too , felt that this was their last free intercourse .
Aman evidently disagrees , for his writing is peppered -LRB- salted ? -RRB-
A , a DJ by the name of Funk Master Flex , who put out a few albums and I do n't even remember what they called .
Laura has ! declared Sophie , glancing at me .
What writers ?
Yeah I had to take it , as children ?
I 've , I 've decided and it 's very hard .
Yeah , that 's true .
Well , do you remember one of those particular stories that um , might come up when you 're just sitting around reminiscing ?
When a performer is inspired , it is said that he , or she , tiene duende -LRB- ` has it ' -RRB- .
It suggests that many parents who feel overwhelmed by life 's demands ought to be able to free up more time for their childre n'the first step toward high-quality child rearing .
People here at the school have asked for the opportunity to support students and recognize his good work by participating in the Steven L. Bricker Scholarship Endowment .
Your gift will go beyond the holiday season .
Please send the largest contribution you can comfortably make .
Your support will help them go to work .
At some point between 9:16 and 9:26 , Barbara Olson called her husband , Ted Olson , the solicitor general of the United States .
I think that was kind of hard for him , you know .
More than the actual events , inaccurate government accounts of those events made it appear that the military was notified in time to respond to two of the hijackings , raising questions about the adequacy of the response .
We broke new ground by using information technology to manage our business together , instead of just to audit it .
On the other hand , one would hate to lose the information that might be contained in past years ' selling patterns .
Regular TV viewing typically begins between 2 and 3 years of age , consuming about 10 .
In practical terms , this means that a retailer carrying a broader array of goods faces increased costs both for carrying goods in inventory that will not sell -LRB- overstocks -RRB- and running out of a good that sells beyond expectations -LRB- stock-outs -RRB- .
While awaiting my licensure to practice dental hygiene , I have had the opportunity to look back upon my education at Indiana University School of Dentistry .
Now , as children tend their gardens , they have a new appreciation of their relationship to the land , their cultural heritage , and their community .
Under the leadership of Dean H. William Gilmore , the school has identified student support and technological infrastructure as the greatest needs in this year 's annual fund appeal .
This was followed by a second radio transmission , with sounds of screaming .
Look , the sun is sleepy , going to bed , said 21/2 - year-old David while watching the sun disappear below the horizon at the end of a day at the beach .
Men and women struggling with addictions find healing , forgiveness and the chance to make a new start in life ... families living from paycheck to paycheck find comfort , food and emergency assistance ... and underprivileged children have the opportunity to eat well-balanced meals and participate in special activities .
Two such hints , however , have only a few possible answers in common , so that the solver can concentrate on them and pick the most probable one .
Do n't they do that a lot with like Britney Spears and people like that ?
Do you remember the combination of elation and apprehension you felt when you first left home ?
It 's just not me .
After it has been installed , the DOS , as it is called -LRB- once identified , nothing in computerese is ever called by its full name a Personal Computer becomes a PC ; a Disk Operating System becomes a DOS ; if it is made by a company called MicroSoft , it is called MS/DOS -RRB- , performs certain functions , though rarely any that anyone but a computer specialist would want to perform .
There are sharp differences in the United States between organized labor and business and in the political arena as well .
Met my first girlfriend that way .
Use of continuous review allows retailers to achieve a higher service level with a lower amount of inventory .
She waits tables like one night a week at another job to help put me through and everything like that .
The mission of the Social Health Association of Central Indiana is to promote healthy behavior and responsible relationships through sexuality education and life skills training .
I do , but it gets to a point where like I feel like if I fail , it 's just going to be like way too much for everybody .
What are the most important human needs here in central Indiana ?
The opportunities presented by the Ruth Lilly Outdoor Center offer these kids learning experiences not available in the inner-city environment .
Yet few of us hear enough about kids who live through these adversities and do make the grade .
Such information is very likely to be misinterpreted by the average user , who does not approach a dictionary with a critical eye .
This year 20,349 girls are members of our Council .
Let 's head off an auxiliary crisis before it happens !
9 About two-thirds of the production volume of our surveyed business units did their marker-making , spreading , and cutting in a single location .
I am sure you will understand my writing to you once more about the important work of the American Cancer Society .
But , as a British journalist might say , we should be told .
The intent is that the faculty will contribute to the award annually .
And , as one would expect , the higher the variation in week-to-week demand , the more inventory a manufacturer must hold to meet a retailer 's high service expectations .
Your contribution to Goodwill will mean more than you may know .
Luis Alonso , Luis Alonso , says to him , Luis Alonso 's friend .
I can think of no better time to continue extending grace to others than at Easter .
These definitions are given in the most recent -LRB- 1983 -RRB- edition of Chambers 20th Century Dictionary , which was edited and published in Edinburgh .
This year 's challenge is to keep pace with our growing membership through increased levels of support from every facet of the organization-board and committee members , staff , volunteers , alumni , and other friends .
At some point between 9:16 and 9:26 , Barbara Olson called her husband , Ted Olson , the solicitor general of the United States .
The campus also can serve as a community forum , sponsoring public lectures by authorities on issues in the news .
Regular TV viewing typically begins between 2 and 3 years of age , consuming about 10 .
Thanks for your courtesy in reviewing this request .
Indeed , retailers like Wal-Mart Stores , Kmart Corporation , and Dillard 's Inc. have been the driving forces behind changes in manufacturing and logistics systems in a way that was unheard of in Bond Stores ' time .
At that point in time , the Langley pilots did not know the threat they were facing , did not know where United 93 was located , and did not have shootdown authorization .
Do you remember being read to when you were little ?
As it turned out , the NEADS air defenders had nine minutes ' notice on the first hijacked plane , no advance notice on the second , no advance notice on the third , and no advance notice on the fourth .
Well , you know , to this day every now and then that particular story comes up every now and then .
If you need this book , it is probably too late ' unless you are about to take an SAT or GRE .
Those who are not familiar with feminist writings may find it useful and interesting to consider a book , recently published in Britain , that is typical of the harsher brand of such works .
As for me , I do my utmost to avoid language that may offend people , including men .
Yet once their children are beyond their grasp , they are hardly o the hook !
This year , 1993 , marks the ten-year anniversary of the A. Rebekah Fisk Memorial Scholarship .
A total of 32 such National Guard teams were authorized by fiscal year 2001 .
With rue and the beautiful Puritan pansies .
Chinese speak Mandarin , Cantonese , Fukienese , Hakka , etc. , tongues often so dissimilar that verbal intercommunication is impossible .
And the Family Studies Project is planning a journal .
Analysand , like several - nd words in English , is derived from the gerundive , and so means ` -LRB- a person -RRB- to be analyzed .
At 9:32 , a third radio transmission came over the Keep remaining sitting .
That is nonsense , of course ; but even if the users remain keenly aware that 1669 is the date only of the earliest written evidence , of what use or importance is that to them ?
And uh , me and my friend there we 'd always sit together in the first or second seat on the bus .
I do n't know what , he sells like cars or something .
Lot of times we just sit around and just reminisce and go back to the time when we were growing up .
We can not accomplish this goal without the financial help of our alumni and friends .
Do you remember any stories about Grandma Mackton , your mom 's a little bit ?
So , I 'm kind of like the hope , I guess .
Amsterdam was settled by the Dutch , Geneva by the Swiss , etc. , till one passes by a town apparently settled by the British ` Sodus .
Let us now pass on to the names of some clothing items that Texans borrowed and then passed on to the rest of the sombrero , mantilla , poncho , rebozo , serape , and huarache . A number of animals and vegetables followed the same avocado from aguacate ; mesquite ; sapodilla from zapote ; guayule ; coyote ; armadillo ; ocelot from ocelote ; chaparral ; and javalina from jabalina . Since cattle ranching is common to both sides of the border , it should come as no surprise that there has been an exchange of ranch-related lariat from la reata ; bronco ; lasso from lazo ; rodeo ; chaps from chaparreras ; charro ; hackamore from j ?  quima ; mustang from mestengo ; and quirt from cuerda or cuarta .
I hope you join our family of patients , loved ones and professionals .
FAA headquarters had by this time established an open line of communication with the Command Center at Herndon and instructed it to poll all its centers about suspect aircraft .
Corporate participation involves an annual unrestricted gift of $ 2,500 or more for Chancellor 's Circle or of $ 1,000 or more for Chancellors Associates .
GENI organizes teacher workshops for K-12 teachers and assists them in developing geography teaching materials for classroom use .
What are the most important human needs here in central Indiana ?
I shamelessly and freely borrowed the concept , making adaptations to fit our needs and used it as a direct mail appeal last fall ... samples enclosed .
But fortunately they did n't .
The President and the Vice President indicated to us they had not been aware that fighters had been scrambled out of Andrews , at the request of the Secret Service and outside the military chain of command .
Al Qaeda helped Jemaah Islamiya -LRB- JI -RRB- , a nascent organization headed by Indonesian Islamists with cells scattered across Malaysia , Singapore , Indonesia , and the Philippines .
Bin Ladin had an important part in this activity .
Forecasting Demand for New Products
However , in light of the growth of rapid replenishment , our research predicts that the performance of these two units will vary over time , with the supplier that has implemented flexible planning and short-cycle production processes coming out ahead .
The Chairman was out of the country .
Journalist Charles Rappaport once quipped , I speak ten languages ` all of them Yiddish .
Neither do we .
Tough question .
Perhaps present water called for some stylistic celebration .
Okay , you read that from the Vice President , right ?
And who could blame him ?
When one of these women gave birth to a child without knowing which sailor had fathered it , the paternity was logged as gun , perhaps alluding to the midship gun , which was often located near the makeshift maternity room .
But you ended up with blood poisoning from all the gasoline .
A full-blown textile industry therefore blossomed in New England , fostered by the region 's access to abundant water power , capital , mechanical skills , and a hardworking labor force .
and so on through the whole megillah : ` long , involved story .
-LRB- -RRB- When cancer comes up I 'm just pretty , pretty interested in it , to find out what they went through and I can relate to it .
Through it , children practice and strengthen their capacity to represent their experiences .
One thing in particular she used to save would be soup labels .
The father wove an animated tale about a boy named Chaim , who had great diculty remaining quiet during the holiday service .
I know about that !
So you 'll go back to school if that does n't work out ?
Um , also a pothead , but not really so consumed with it necessarily .
Turn over responsibility for the task to the child as soon as he or she can master it without assistance .
The Indianapolis YWCA is an open , supportive organization concerned with women and families ; providing opportunities to develop skills , knowledge and resources in the areas of health , self-awareness and leadership .
The ability to keep learning , to keep discovering , and to keep inventing becomes even more important if we are to compete in tomorrow 's world .
This year IUPUI is celebrating 25 years in partnership .
The Command Center told Cleveland that FAA personnel well above them in the chain of command had to make the decision to seek military assistance and were working on the issue .
Aman evidently disagrees , for his writing is peppered -LRB- salted ? -RRB-
This was the last normal contact the FAA had with the flight .
Some family members who listened to the recording report that they can hear the voice of a loved one among the din .
Tell me about your bike .
Within seconds , the Command Center received a visual report from another aircraft , and informed headquarters that the aircraft was 20 miles northwest of Johnstown .
Incidentally , I startled them one day with Victor Borge 's punctuation system , which instructed and delighted them with its differentiated popping and spitting .
GENI organizes teacher workshops for K-12 teachers and assists them in developing geography teaching materials for classroom use .
Your support will help them go to work .
But you ended up with blood poisoning from all the gasoline .
Wo n't you be a part of extending the promise with your gift today ?
Your past contribution provided a direct line of support for local programs that promote health and wellness , strengthen families , invest in our children , help people become self-sufficient , and serve the elderly and disabled .
I have seen a calendar -LRB- Workman Publishing Co. , New York -RRB- which defined it as personal magnetism and charm , and said , Given today 's extensive TV coverage , political candidates need duende if they hope to be accepted by the public .
Under the command of state governors , they provided support to civilian agencies to assess the nature of the attack , offer medical and technical advice , and coordinate state and local responses .
Since 1984 , Indy Reads -LRB- formerly the Greater Indianapolis Literacy League -RRB- has provided tutoring to adults in Marion County reading at the very lowest level of literacy .
The President and the Vice President The President was seated in a classroom when , at 9:05 , Andrew Card whispered to A second plane hit the second tower .
At 9:44 , NORAD briefed the conference on the possible hijacking of Delta 1989 .
But for 8 minutes and 13 seconds , between 8:56 and 9:05 , this primary radar information on American 77 was not displayed to controllers at Indianapolis Center .
Join the Friends of Herron and get the inside scoop on the local art scene .
No finer education is available-anywhere .
Although automation of sewing operations is generally not cost effective , these innovations have made some inroads in particular segments .
Did you identify with any of these characters ?
According to Miyares , the DBA is the first organization to target the role of disabled persons in business .
Concurrently , we are undertaking three new program an undergraduate program in civil engineering with an emphasis on the environment ; an undergraduate program in industrial engineering with a focus on manufacturing ; and graduate programs leading to the M.S.
Finally , measurement , fit , color , and texture remain central components of apparel sales .
Wo n't you help the WYCA provide a great summer for those kids ?
Bin Ladin also began to have serious money problems .
But caring adults like you can reach out and help .
We can support such a scholarship if you will give $ 25.00 to the English Alumni Scholarship Fund .
About this time the Fasten Seatbelt sign would usually have been turned off and the flight attendants would have begun preparing for cabin service .
NORAD would receive tracking information for the hijacked aircraft either from joint use radar or from the relevant FAA air traffic control facility .
Contributing members of the winning class will receive an added bonus of a tuition-waived registration to a non-restricted C.E.
Noteworthy , too , are the strategies that have been devised to cope with the limits of our twenty-six letter alphabet .
Communication tools like Safety-Wise , Happenings , along with event calendars and other materials , allow volunteers to provide quality , informed leadership .
The old standby , Nuit de Paris , is all right -LRB- provided you hit the right nuit -RRB- .
One gets the impression that the editors of L used the good stuff from the W and substituted their own , much better material when they encountered some of the bad stuff .
A spiritual guide for both , but especially the Islamic Group , was the so-called Blind Sheikh , Omar Abdel Rahman .
As we prepare for all the events this fall , we are also looking into the future with the preparations for a new facility for the professional art school , administrative offices , faculty studios , a library and a contemporary gallery .
As the tax year draws to a close I would like to urge you to make a tax deductible contribution for the support of Women 's Studies .
The buyer should order 250 units , since there is a 75 percent probability that demand will be less than this .
Finding the correct parts for a shirt can often involve a hunt through the plant .
Some maintained collaborative relationships with al Qaeda , but many disengaged entirely .
By combining our assets , we can make a difference .
The resulting profit accrues , even after the higher finished goods carrying cost associated with larger inventory has been considered .
As you know , we are in the process of building an endowment fund in graduate periodontics at Indiana University which will honor Dr. Timothy J. O'Leary , a man whose leadership played a significant role in our school and profession .
Uh , we used to walk up to the local grocery store , uh , which was about three or four blocks away .
We had a barn , a dairy farm that was maybe quarter of a mile from the house and uh , Mama say , We need milk .
58 provides the cost for one boy or girl to participate in scouting activities for a year .
A truly creative work is both original and sensible ; its novelty is culturally meaningful and useful .
Home in Black Mountain a chile ' will smack yo ' face ;
Proposition 3 The assembly room ` the traditional focus of attention for industry competitiveness ` can provide competitive benefits only if other more fundamental changes in manufacturing practice have been introduced .
This means that half of your contribution will be returned to you through State tax savings , while the entire donation amount will remain deductible on your Federal taxes .
My mom believes me , because she knows I 'll go .
Citing the Soviet army 's withdrawal from Afghanistan as proof that a ragged army of dedicated Muslims could overcome a superpower , he told the We are certain that we shall-with the grace of Allah-prevail over the Americans .
They took out all the rest -LRB- of the shrapnel -RRB- , but the one in his eyebrow , they could n't get it out .
Thus the military did not have 14 minutes to respond to American 77 , as testimony to the Commission in May 2003 suggested .
And in this network , Bin Ladin 's agenda stood out .
In just the past few years this program has grown from a few kids and a few extra activities to a team of almost 60 young adults taking on real projects .
Throughout much of the post-World War II era , the majority of men 's shirts sold in the United States were white dress shirts , primarily through department stores .
She remembered poems that she had learned when she was in high school .
Renfrew accepts the wave theory , and in the last two thirds of Archaeology and Language he sets forth his arguments in its favor .
Marking cartons and containers for shipment according to channel-wide standards can speed up distribution .
Those accounts had the effect of deflecting questions about the military 's capacity to obtain timely and accurate information from its own sources .
Note that this system poses production questions for BMW similar to those faced by apparel suppliers .
As if this earth in fast thick pants were breathing .
Kmart became the first major nonfood retailer to employ them as a means of tracking inventory in the early 1980s , several years before Walton made this technology a core building block of his distribution system .
In many ways , the name describes what this campus campaign is all about .
The Vice President was logged calling the President at 10:18 for a twominute conversation that obtained the confirmation .
Bin Ladin reportedly showed particular interest in learning how to use truck bombs such as the one that had killed 241 U.S.
From the start , she draws Kevin into the activity , explains her pretend actions so he can build on them , and responds cooperatively and appropriately to Kevin 's suggestions , as he does to hers .
United 93 crashed in Pennsylvania at 10:03:11 , 125 miles from Washington , D.C.
We need to talk to FAA .
The environment , including the social environment , is available for children to interact with as they make sense of their experiences , but it does not determine the evolution of the child 's mind .
As the above sampling of concerns reveals , today 's parents are not just worried about major transitions and traumas , such as the impact of marital breakup or community violence .
You ca n't do it with your hands ; you need a peeler .
Incidentally , it is now the reference dictionary for the National Scrabble Championship in Britain .
Twenty-three when he arrived in Afghanistan in 1980 , Bin Ladin was the seventeenth of 57 children of a Saudi construction magnate .
What I liked about it was that kids were special .
There follows a desexing section on maxims -LRB- for He who laughs last laughs best read The last laugh is the best : not only does it not say the same thing but the second is totally lacking in the rhetorical devices packed into the first -RRB- , and a two-page bibliography , reference notes to chapters , and an index .
Black cover with white , black and white .
a short article about someone or something in a dictionary or encyclopedia , .
Well , let 's see .
There are many difficulties inherent in adducing citational evidence unsupported by frequency .
However , I am sure there will be other items that will be needed in the new facility to enhance the educational experience of students , including graduate students .
Furthermore , although educational programming for children is highly sensitive to issues of equity and diversity , entertainment programming often conveys ethnic and gender stereotypes ` minorities as villains and victims of violence and in subservient roles ; men as dominant , powerful , and competent and women as attractive , emotional , and submissive .
To foster productivity -LRB- physical output per worker -RRB- and constrain supervisory costs , wages are paid on a piece-rate basis , providing incentives for rapid completion of the operation .
Yet a few years ago , it almost closed its doors due to a lack of applicants .
-RRB- In some countries , puzzles of this type are called cryptograms , a name we shall use from here on .
Of the two , the W geographical listings seem more W lists Aylesbury , which , through some grievous , egregious fault , is not in the geographical section of the L but does appear in the A-Z section -LRB- because of the ducks -RRB- .
The crate .
Further research is needed and families still need help .
But uh , come mealtime boy this little apartment with central air conditioning running , the smoke hung about four and a half five feet down from the ceiling .
The recurrent motif of time travel came to the fore in H.G.
Renfrew accepts the wave theory , and in the last two thirds of Archaeology and Language he sets forth his arguments in its favor .
Leaving the British official who twice searched his luggage none the wiser , he managed by meticulous observation to memorize the principal features of the power loom well enough to produce his own version of it on his return to Boston .
Do you remember any stories about Grandma Mackton , your mom 's a little bit ?
In the hands of an already successful scholar , the extras that endowments provide ensure continued success - for the scholar and the school .
Corporate participation involves an annual unrestricted gift of $ 2,500 or more for Chancellor 's Circle or of $ 1,000 or more for Chancellors Associates .
Hold on a second .
Private gifts will play a vital role in reaching these goals .
Beyond English , entry into the guild may mean acquiring a special language of education -LRB- such as French in Senegal and English in Kenya -RRB- , because many of the world 's tongues are not yet -LRB- and may not ever be -RRB- part of the circle of standardized print languages in which the work of the guild can be conducted .
The onomatoplazia of inflammable is so common that flammable , or even flamable is now commonly substituted , especially on trucks .
My mom knows .
By this time , Bin Ladin was well-known and a senior figure among Islamist extremists , especially those in Egypt , the Arabian Peninsula , and the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region .
As for stalemate , which is related to checkmate , would it not have been important to indicate that the - mate part has nothing to do with English , having been borrowed from checkmate which is a loanword from Persian -LRB- and has nothing to do with check , either -RRB- .
A lot of his books are n't really fiction but scientific essays that he prepared for publication .
Indeed , efforts to use public concern , and at times outrage , to tackle the sweatshop problem go back to the early part of this century .
The New York Center controller and manager were unaware that American 11 had already crashed .
And now as a trustee for our local Chapter , I 'm seeing first hand how our volunteer efforts are paying off for kids like Nicholas .
While traveling 35,000 feet above eastern Ohio , United 93 suddenly dropped 700 feet .
And uh , me and my friend there we 'd always sit together in the first or second seat on the bus .
Can you remember the first story that you can remember anyone telling you some of the first memories of someone telling you a story ?
Unlike the earlier flights , the Flight 77 hijackers were reported by a passenger to have box cutters .
If there is something wrong , it behooves us to get at the roots of the problem , not to flail about wildly , for only after the source of a disease has been identified can one properly investigate its cure .
And , as one would expect , the higher the variation in week-to-week demand , the more inventory a manufacturer must hold to meet a retailer 's high service expectations .
Uh she had a big garage that was separate from the house and almost bigger than the house it was almost like it was a barn .
The whole point is speed and clarity of communications .
There is no doubt that Randall enjoys her work .
Apparel workplaces have historically been located in major metropolitan areas ` New York , Chicago , Philadelphia , Rochester , Baltimore , Cleveland , St. Louis ` and drawn on successive waves of immigrants .
It can help purchase clothing , school supplies , books and educational tools throughout the year .
Our state appropriation is not now - nor has it ever been -- sufficient to fund , for example , all of the costs associated with faculty research , student programs , scholarships , seminars , guest speakers , and the law library .
They made up stories sometimes , my mother in particular , she made up stories .
We did n't know as much about it as we do today , and were learning and adjusting to diabetes at the same time we were building our marriage .
They were armed and under NORAD 's control .
Uh , they 're speculating it 's from the aircraft .
It is a fund-raising appeal .
I am asking that you consider supporting our efforts once again this year with a similar gift .
Well-known theories of child development ` Freud 's , Skinner 's , Gesell 's , and Piaget 's , for example ` provide little comfort , since dramatic shifts in favored theories have occurred since the launching of systematic study of children about 100 years ago .
Parents seem to be in the best position to read to their child often and to tailor their dialogues to the child 's interests and abilities .
What was , well you clearly remember this story , but once you got a little older and could remember a little better , what would you say some of your favorite stories and books were , as a child growing up ?
They have a place here too .
It had resumed its flight to Minnesota and saw the smoke from the crash of United 93 , less than two minutes after the plane went down .
Well , as a teacher , do you see reading as something that is still important in families today ?
I said to him , But you know , I 'm your friend , tell me why .
Unfortunately , these are difficult times for public institutions of higher education .
This means that after sewing a bundle of items of one color , an operator must not only change the needle thread but also put in a new bobbin for each new color of fabric .
There was no hijack to report at 9:16 .
Gradually , spike one 's guns came to mean ` frustrate the enemy by blocking his intended plan of action .
Uh , how important it was to read and we 're all English majors , I think that has something to do with it ; my brother , sister and I are all , we 're all English majors in college .
I fact , I took you to Louisa May Alcott 's home in Massachusetts , and we , ah , umm -- .
It was about seven or eight feet tall .
It was not too bad early on , when , according to Miles , the seven Maccabean martyrs who saved Judaism did so only at the instigation of their mother .
Forge an adult-child relationship based on shared understanding , or intersubjectivity'one in which the adult strives to connect with the child by stretching down to his or her point of view , thereby helping the child stretch up to the adult 's more mature perspective .
Moreover , the fighting in Afghanistan made Pakistan home to an enormous-and generally unwelcome-population of Afghan refugees ; and since the badly strained Pakistani education system could not accommodate the refugees , the government increasingly let privately funded religious schools serve as a cost-free alternative .
But in appealing to societies full of discontent , Bin Ladin remained credible as other leaders and symbols faded .
The centering operation is important because the diameter of a knit tube varies slightly along its length , and it is necessary to reference cutting from the midline of the tube .
United 93 and the Shootdown Order On the morning of 9/11 , the President and Vice President stayed in contact not by an open line of communication but through a series of calls .
I spent hours daydreaming and looking at old pictures of Mom , Dad , Sarah , and me .
The average tuition for a one-day C.E. course is about $ 125 .
The parent or teacher intervenes only when the child is truly stuck , granting the child as much opportunity to master his or her own behavior as possible .
This group of nations provided 39 percent of all apparel imports in 1964 and 51 percent of all apparel imports by 1988 -LRB- measured in square-meter equivalents , a measure of quantity -RRB- .
Richard Bauerls writes interestingly about the recent proliferation of one-letter words -LSB- XIV , 1 ; XV , 1 -RSB- .
It has the original meaning , a ` sprite or hobgoblin that plays tricks , especially at night in people 's houses ; a poltergeist .
Actually my first semester at Charlotte , I was a Pre-Business major to go into Marketing and Advertising , because I did that in high school , too .
I look nobody is standing at the saw .
Some time later , I got still another version of MUSKRAT RAMBLE , with still another version of the title .
The guild 's institutions have , in their unobtrusively ubiquitous way , become more powerful than both the Catholic Christianity which gave them birth and the regimes of Europe that scattered them round the world .
I read a lot of other authors that were n't , were n't as good writers but also had interesting ideas .
He inveighed against the presence of U.S. troops in Saudi Arabia , the home of Islam 's holiest sites .
Although small specialty shops were limited to a few items , such as those found in a traditional dressmaker or milliner 's shop , department stores offered fixed prices and the convenience of returning purchases for exchange or cash .
I 'm opening up like five pools and they 're giving me a headache because they all turned green today , so , that 's like the most fun job for me .
I have nobody here to guide me .
Thank you again for helping point the way .
Bodenheim adds a Most of the above-listed terms are peculiar to Harlem , but some of them are also used by whites in other sections .
Such stitching generally outlasts the fabric of jeans , as one can see from looking at the holey knees of jeans worn by many teenagers .
I mean , like my junior year of high school the first dress I ever owned was my junior year prom dress !
I have nothing particularly adverse to say about the book .
I think that 's one I remember , a lot because when I was in 1st grade , I was sick a lot of the year , and I was out of school a lot of the year .
The problem was solved simply by using an already standard character that had a similar sound to what the Viet called themselves .
And , how old are you ?
Well , and I forgot to tell you when the soldiers came , to my house , the guerrillas were there , the guerrillas went back .
The SIDS Alliance meets all National Charities Information Bureau -LRB- NCIB -RRB- standards , and is listed in the NCIB Wisegiving Guide .
The only thing I know about Gilbert is that I find him listed as co-author of Muskrat Ramble .
the evidence in the published work is quite thin
United Way 's impact begins with research that helps answer important
If you want to keep on , that 's fine , but , so much time !
Man as a False Generic , M and S question whether the definitions 2 .
If the fabric was to have a pattern , there might also be a close-up colored sketch of it .
Home in Black Mountain a chile ' will smack yo ' face ;
The changes now going on have their analog in the last century , when technological innovations of the day like railroads , telegraph , and steam power ` developed for purposes far afield of retail , apparel , or textiles ` helped transform the mass distri-bution of goods and information .
But we know that at 10:31 , General Larry Arnold instructed his staff to broadcast the following over a NORAD instant messaging 10:31 Vice president has cleared to us to intercept tracks of interest and shoot them down if they do not respond per -LSB- General Arnold -RSB- .
However , even for a basic product like blue jeans , it is unlikely that all these assumptions will hold .
United 93 was spotted by another aircraft , and , at 10:01 , the Command Center advised FAA headquarters that one of the aircraft had seen United 93 waving his wings .
We look forward to seeing you at our annual recognition event Space is limited .
And storytelling applies ?
Alarm bells would not start ringing until these efforts-which could take five minutes or more-were tried and had failed .
At the same time , Boston Center realized that a message transmitted just before 8:25 by the hijacker pilot of American 11 included the phrase , We have some planes .
In the mid-1990s , Nordstrom ran newspaper ads promising , for certain products , that if the size or color of an item the customer wished to purchase was not in stock at the store , Nordstrom would locate the desired item and mail it to the customer at no additional cost ` both the item and its delivery were free .
What kind of , do you ever tell stories to your little sister ?
Anything you remember ?
In the past eight years SEND has renovated over 70 homes for affordable resale to families , created more than 100 high quality apartments , assisted 20 businesses to expand or improve their facilities , created three new parks , and taught more than 200 youth work ethics and skills .
Then detach the lower portion and return to us as soon as possible in the postage-paid envelope .
I also had conversation with American Airlines , and they 've told us that they believe that one of their stewardesses was stabbed and that there are people in the cockpit that have control of the aircraft , and that 's all the information they have right now .
Similar meetings between Iraqi officials and Bin Ladin or his aides may have occurred in 1999 during a period of some reported strains with the Taliban .
But in appealing to societies full of discontent , Bin Ladin remained credible as other leaders and symbols faded .
At the same time , the company began to redesign its logistics system ` the method it used to move goods from suppliers , through warehouses , and to delivery at stores .
I wo n't tell .
All understood the plane had been hijacked .
Ooh , one of my three older sisters .
Recently , the world watched as the newest space shuttle made its maiden voyage .
This is a story that my dad told me when I was small , a long time ago that , there was a girl that , she was very young , she was going to go visit her parents .
We have created a scholarship endowment which will permanently recognize Dr. Steven Bricker 's contributions to our school and profession .
They come into a Pleasant Run program ... whether it 's for therapeutic help in their own homes -LRB- which nurtures whole families -RRB- , through foster care families or in the familial surroundings of our residential homes .
Most recently , we received results of an employment survey of 1990 - 91 graduates , conducted by IUPUI 's Career and Employment Services -- it was pleasing to learn that we had nearly twice as many graduates as any other department in the School of Liberal Arts .
I was old enough at the time that I knew what was going on .
But I 'm also trying to teach them that they have to earn what they get , and to be part of making sure their lives are better .
I mean , like my junior year of high school the first dress I ever owned was my junior year prom dress !
While the evidence of Iranian involvement is strong , there are also signs that al Qaeda played some role , as yet unknown .
Islamist revival movements gained followers across the Muslim world , but failed to secure political power except in Iran and Sudan .
So this story was read to you by your cousins ?
Laser-cutting equipment must be totally enclosed to be safe for human operators .
Finally , the cloth must be spread in as many layers of thickness as necessary to achieve the number of units requested or as many as can be properly cut at one time .
While his allied Islamist groups were focused on local battles , such as those in Egypt , Algeria , Bosnia , or Chechnya , Bin Ladin concentrated on attacking the far enemy-the United States .
On his way home , he shares the story with four people at a street corner .
In practical terms , this means that a retailer carrying a broader array of goods faces increased costs both for carrying goods in inventory that will not sell -LRB- overstocks -RRB- and running out of a good that sells beyond expectations -LRB- stock-outs -RRB- .
Assume that the retailer wishes to provide a 95 percent order-fulfillment rate for this SKU , that the retailer checks inventory once per week , and that the manufacturer 's lead time to deliver replenishment units is overnight .
He moved on to open his own retail stores , restaurants , sales organizations , a manufacturing company and a public relations firm .
The Vice President was wondering how the hell could a plane hit the World Trade Center when he saw the second aircraft strike the South Tower .
I had my second chance to change my life .
But NEADS did not know where to send the alert fighter aircraft , and the officer directing the fighters pressed for more I do n't know where I 'm scrambling these guys to .
The only thing I know about Gilbert is that I find him listed as co-author of Muskrat Ramble .
Uh , I loved the part where they would , you know , make things out of nothing .
Denim is from de ` from ' + Nimes , the town .
Somewhat more involved
What does he do for a living ?
For the most part , in-plant production methods for apparel have been organized around the way in which cut parts of garments are distributed to operators for sewing and then assembled into the completed garment .
Now he is on a ramble with his hand out and a pleading look in his roadmapped eyes .
As you know , this is an extraordinary year for council fund raising .
acolyte usage of this word varies from one time , culture , and religion to another .
Such a short-cycle production system adds to the cost of customized apparel .
Infants tried all manner of signals ` facial expressions , vocalizations , and body movements ` to get their mother or father to respond again .
Eventually ramrod became personified , taking on the added meaning of ` one marked by rigidity , stiffness , and severity , ' even though the original ramrods , which were straight , were rather flexible .
They were , um , they were best-seller type fiction from the um , 40 's and 50 's and 60 's and on , just , they were members of a book club and they got a lot of books that way .
I see the rather boring point about using alumni to cover both men and women , and I quite agree that the use of relatively newer and less widely used terms like authoress , aviatrix , and poetess seems to be a deliberate , unwarranted attempt to identify someone as a female ; but a graduate of the feminine gender is a ` woman graduate ' = alumna , the ` first woman dancer in a ballet company ' is a prima ballerina -LRB- I 've never heard of a prime ballerino -RRB- , and a ` woman opera star ' is a diva or prima donna . I hesitate to point out that we use prima donna of men , too , because my critics will say that they disapprove of the term 's second life as designating a temperamental person of either sex .
' Even though lariat contains its own Spanish article , when we imported it into English , we added another , the English the , to create a literal the la reata , ` the the lasso , ' and we never think of it as redundancy .
As a result , she acquires reasoning skills and can take initiative when faced with future problems .
And , there is always a need for scholarship funds to help make college degrees possible for our students , most of whom come from central Indiana .
Constant Lambert noted The most successful time traveler of our days was undoubtedly Serge Diaghileff .
Bin Ladin also began to have serious money problems .
Yet a tension exists between its desire to provide customers with a changing variety of apparel fashions and the need to increase its capacity to replenish a higher percentage of products , thereby taking advantage of its expertise in logistics .
The controller checked to see if American Airlines could establish communication with American 11 .
The controller checked his radio equipment and contacted another controller at 8:53 , saying that we may have a hijack and that he could not find the aircraft .
and so on through the whole megillah : ` long , involved story .
Yes , Night will devour Day , but Macbeth 's significant meaning here under cover of darkness ` in reckless defiance of weird authority ` he will have his black agents eliminate the bonded progenitor of Scottish kings , along with his only progeny .
His marriage , Sears guessed , would have been unsuccessful and his children would have difficulty finding themselves .
When all the individual pieces of the garment have been modified and entered into the computer system , the final garment pattern is ready to be cut and sewn into a sample garment .
The surge in apparel imports in the 1980s came from low-wage countries , primarily the Asian Big Four ` the People 's Republic of China , Hong Kong , Taiwan , and Korea .
ramrod A ramrod is a rod of wood or metal for ramming the ball and patch down the barrel of a muzzleloading firearm and setting them against the main powder charge .
Nothing at all !
It does appear now , however , in dictionaries and the English-language media .
The Hadith , which recount Mohammed 's sayings and deeds as recorded by his contemporaries , are another fundamental source .
We are going back to the airport .
Confronted with a violent Islamist movement that killed President Anwar Sadat in 1981 , the Egyptian government combined harsh repression of Islamic militants with harassment of moderate Islamic scholars and authors , driving many into exile .
They are also more willing to work toward goals that are rational and reasonable .
We shall return to this point later .
If you have any questions , please feel free to give us a call at 638-3360 .
It will provide the flexibility IUPUI needs that state appropriations can not .
There is a bomb on board and are going back to the airport , and to have our demands -LSB- unintelligible -RSB- .
Worst of all , Wanda had to deal with this worsening problem as she was trying to succeed at her new job .
Business units adopting both bar codes and EDI are therefore able to reduce the transaction costs for processing information about sales and orders .
Do you feel like that 's just in Charlotte that that 's how the school systems are ?
Feminists have much to say about men 's claim that women talk too much .
More than the actual events , inaccurate government accounts of those events made it appear that the military was notified in time to respond to two of the hijackings , raising questions about the adequacy of the response .
He had a pillow , one of those big pillows , and it looked red , all of it with blood and swollen like this . So he said , from the running down from several places , but the one that , this one -LSB- indicates eyebrow -RSB- , was , was too much .
In order to do this , laboratories must be developed and maintained with equipment that will provide first-rate , hands-on experience for our students .
How many of these dresses will sell this season ?
Case 2 : Multiple Plants and Production Planning
Many Little Sisters are preparing to go back to school this fall full of hope and with a positive outlook .
Throughout much of the post-World War II era , the majority of men 's shirts sold in the United States were white dress shirts , primarily through department stores .
There are many difficulties inherent in adducing citational evidence unsupported by frequency .
Please join with us to see that happy endings do continue .
You will find attached this survey plus our directional statement -LRB- goals -RRB- for 1993 that is a direct result of the survey .
These are in turn surrounded and supported by holders of school certificates and other qualifications .
Each year , we help thousands of people who face tremendous obstacles .
Noteworthy , too , are the strategies that have been devised to cope with the limits of our twenty-six letter alphabet .
Live at Five .
If you would like to become a member of ELM , please fill out the enclosed membership form and send it back at your earliest convenience .
Your gift to the law school will be an investment in its continued excellence .
The phrase is a reminder of its medieval provenance , its academic focus , and its corporate style .
However , their cumulative effect tends to be overpowering .
They welcome the chance to belong , to become self - sufficient , to regain their self-esteem and confidence .
I 'm going to cut it with the , a knife , the knot , so the cow can go and she wo n't die .
Many controllers work at the FAA 's 22 Air Route Traffic Control Centers .
For example , one writer cites a preference for cunt over vagina , because of the latter 's derivation from a Latin word meaning ` sheath , ' often sheath for a sword . -RRB-
It does not take a too-wicked mind to read into such terms meanings of a lewd nature .
After bloody struggles , the Sunni became -LRB- and remain -RRB- the majority sect .
Like when I lived at home , we did not get along at all for anything in the world ; we would fight all the time .
George F. Badger , the recipient of the award was equally surprised , not to mention a little better off financially .
The killers were assumed to be rival Egyptians .
Our free educational programs can save lives .
Penny Perrick regrets -LRB- January 11 -RRB- that There is no word in English to describe that particular , special sort of pride that one feels in the achievements of one 's children .
Operators worked feverishly to include the FAA , but they had equipment problems and difficulty finding secure phone numbers .
We all realize how the availability or lack of comfortable seating and conference space made it possible for us to socialize or to get help in a course giving us difficulty .
And so , uh , those things come about through the work of reading rather than through listening to some person on the street corner or , uh , gazing on TV .
They touch an object , hold it up , or point to it while looking at another person to make sure he or she notices .
None is the combined Old English ne ` not ' + on ` one .
-- the teachers were much more , I guess , I do n't know ???
Children become better at taking the perspective of their partner , especially a partner who adjusts his or her communication to the child 's level and observes the child closely to assess his or her comprehension .
In some developing countries , workers are brought to the factories , which are generally located at the outer reaches of the local industrial infrastructure .
Although small specialty shops were limited to a few items , such as those found in a traditional dressmaker or milliner 's shop , department stores offered fixed prices and the convenience of returning purchases for exchange or cash .
Some , like French , Spanish , Italian , and Portuguese , had more in common with one another than they did with , say , German , English , Swedish , Danish , and Dutch , which , in turn , bore only a remote resemblance to Russian and Polish , on the one hand , and the two extant varieties of , say , Gaelic , on the other .
-LRB- Admittedly , no party completely purges its rhetoric of terms like phallologocentric , however . -RRB-
The optimal policy is one for which marginal increases or decreases in chosen inventory levels will not confer additional profits .
This group of nations provided 39 percent of all apparel imports in 1964 and 51 percent of all apparel imports by 1988 -LRB- measured in square-meter equivalents , a measure of quantity -RRB- .
Captain Victor Saracini and First Officer Michael Horrocks piloted the Boeing 767 , which had seven flight attendants .
What 's your favorite toy ?
What does he do for a living ?
I 'm told I 'm a lot like him .
metapsychosis One of the finest of traps for the knowledgeable it has nothing to do with some over-arching , society-wide psychological illness like alcoholism or jogging .
Met my first girlfriend that way .
Fulfillment of this goal requires full participation from members of the Indiana Dental Association .
I got somebody who keeps coasting but it looks like he 's going into one of the small airports down there .
Daisy is a combination of the Old English words , durges ` day 's ' + eage ` eye ' .
Do you read yet ?
Southern manufacturers had already adopted steam engines for textile production , along with newer and more productive technology .
I feel like it 's that way everywhere .
The reception is scheduled for Thursday , April 29 , -LRB- 6:00 -7:30 p.m. -RRB- at the Hyatt Regency .
Well , thank you for being part of this study
We can and should be proud that the IU School of Dentistry is positioned to remain an international leader in these challenging times facing health care .
The soldier in charge would command , after each firing , that the rank on the scaffold step down and be replaced by the rank that had just reloaded , thus alternating ranks and sustaining the rifle fire .
I would enjoy meeting with you and hearing how the School of Engineering and Technology has affected your life .
Often , an entry offers nothing in the way of etymology and merely explains the meaning .
You and I , gentle reader , are accredited members of the guild .
She reported that the pilot had announced that the flight had been hijacked , and she asked her husband what she should tell the captain to do .
That 's why it 's such like a big thing , because my uncle , he went , he went into the military and then came out .
This joint attention to objects and events fosters early language development .
Um , is the United States your , uh , birth country ?
He also showed me the newspaper clipping .
Daddy , Daddy , Daddy send those girls to get those filthy cigarettes .
Oh , it can lead one to a rhymed
They must desire genuine communication and work toward attaining it .
These experiments in political Islam faltered during the 1990 the Iranian revolution lost momentum , prestige , and public support , and Pakistan 's rulers found that most of its population had little enthusiasm for fundamentalist Islam .
Only one thing made me a little suspicious when cranking up the in the descriptive text that appears on the screen , the word labeled is spelt labelled ` decidedly un-American .
He could go and make more his self if he would get off his butt and do it .
Each suit is ideally made from pattern pieces cut from the same ply of cloth and the same region of material .
Eventually , the shelter received word that the alleged hijacker 5 miles away had been a medevac helicopter .
After anesthesia was introduced in the U.S. in 1844 , the phrase came flguratively to mean to ` deal with a bad situation resolutely , ' as in Rudyard Kipling 's lines Bite the bullet , old man , / And do n't let them think you 're afraid .
The guidance for Wherley was to send up the aircraft , with orders to protect the White House and take out any aircraft that threatened the Capitol .
Even after controlling for the independent effects of firm size , product mix , and distribution channel on performance , we found that the most innovative firms were significantly more profitable than those that had adopted fewer of the key practices .
Without a nationally regulated and generously subsidized child-care system , formal child care in the United States is in much shorter supply and considerably more costly for parents than it is in other industrialized nations .
You ca n't take it with you -- neither can I , unfortunately .
Oh yes , yes they did .
The optimal policy is one for which marginal increases or decreases in chosen inventory levels will not confer additional profits .
It 's the perfect time to make a world of difference .
From 9:34 to 10:08 , a Command Center facility manager provided frequent updates to Acting Deputy Administrator Monte Belger and other executives at FAA headquarters as United 93 headed toward Washington , D.C.
We did n't get to spend any time with each other and just being married , and , you know , within a year or so or a year or two it was , um , Kim being unfamiliar with , with New York City and not really liking it very much .
Instead , he underscores that children are avid , active learners , but adults must cultivate their drive toward mastery .
As we strive to continue and improve upon our efforts for the community , it is our hope that you will join us by providing Keep Indianapolis Beautiful with a generous gift .
Benson 's action picture in Lucia in London -LRB- Chapter 8 -RRB- : Georgie stepped on a beautiful pansy .
Vice President Cheney was asked for authority to engage the aircraft .
The doctor sewed up her leg .
Students will provide dental health education for homeless patients as well .
At the end of the second year , children begin to label their own and others ' internal states with words , such as want , happy , mad , think , and pretend .
Bolten watched the exchanges and , after what he called a quiet moment , suggested that the Vice President get in touch with the President and confirm the engage order .
A proportionately large number of you responded to that survey .
A relatively new graphic technique is the sandwich .
The airplane headed down ; the control wheel was turned hard to the right .
The other plant -LRB- the quick-line plant -RRB- has production costs that are 10 percent higher than for the regular line , but the manufacturing lead time from the time a production order is placed until a shirt is available in finished goods inventory is two weeks , compared to eleven weeks for the plant with the regular line .
At first , the adult tries to capture the child 's attention by working the toy and , as the clown emerges , exclaiming , Pop !
Countering Locke 's image of an all-powerful adult tutor , eighteenth-century French philosopher Jean Jacques Rousseau conceived of the child as a noble savage ` untamed but naturally good , with an innate plan for orderly , healthy growth .
In contrast , children who regarded their teachers as unsupportive were more likely to disengage , stop trying , and show declines in achievement .
We had a great big book of Grimm 's Fairytales , and looking back on that they were grim !
Girl Scouting benefits Parent/child relationships .
As you review the gifts you 've made this year I please consider a year-end gift to Herron School of Art .
The attacks on the U.S. embassies in East Africa in the summer of 1998 would take a different form-planned , directed , and executed by al Qaeda , under the direct supervision of Bin Ladin and his chief aides .
That is where I happened to open this book , where I closed it , and why this review is so brief .
Oh well that was Rosemary , her mother was gone .
In all of these instances , the job of the controller was to reach out to the aircraft , the parent company of the aircraft , and other planes in the vicinity in an attempt to reestablish communications and set the aircraft back on course .
The combined impact of these factors is captured by the following trends .
We found no evidence that , at this critical time , NORAD 's top commanders , in Florida or Cheyenne Mountain , coordinated with their counterparts at FAA headquarters to improve awareness and organize a common response .
This is illustrated in Table 9.1 -LRB- page 158 -RRB- for the men 's and boys ' shirt industry .
After consulting with NEADS command , the crew commander issued the order at 9:23 : Okay ... scramble Langley .
It is the story of eccentric and violent ideas sprouting in the fertile ground of political and social turmoil .
Many manufacturers do not explicitly track and use information like weekly demand variation for different SKUs .
In fact , our analysis of the HCTAR data shows that the probability of adopting shipping container markers and modular production significantly increases if both bar codes and EDI have already been implemented .
Um , Christmas is coming up pretty soon huh ?
The Vice Chairman joined the conference shortly before 10:00 ; the Secretary , shortly before 10:30 .
These include toys , books , television , computers , special lessons , weekend outings , time with grandparents and other extended family members , as well as the quality of child care , schooling , and the neighborhood they choose to live in -LRB- depending , of course , on the extent to which communities oer viable choices -RRB- .
And uh , I do n't remember the specifics as to what he did , but the bus driver Louie was about four and a half feet tall driving a 72-passenger diesel bus .
The simplest is for one or more of the members to simply donate one million dollars to the IGGS Scholarship Fund .
Chased him all the way up to the upstairs , I do n't think the bird ever even pooped in the house not that we found --
So , too , feminists lobby for gender-neutral terms when appropriate .
From the poet Sappho , who in the sixth century BC was the first to use the lyric to write subjectively and explore the range of female experience , to the Chinese polymath Pan Chao -LRB- Ban Zhao -RRB- , who flourished around AD 100 as historian , poet , astronomer , mathematician and educationalist , the range is startling .
They had been responding to a report about an aircraft that did not exist .
Some die-cutting operations allow for a number of knit tubes to be centered , placed on one another , and then cut .
However , its history has been maintained in the present law school building through the display of its stained glass windows and the old oak fireplace .
One wonders whether the marriage had secretly taken place between the consecutive chapters !
Indeed , if you watch preschoolers at play , you will see that they rarely violate the rules of their social world .
Minutes later , United 175 turned southwest without clearance from air traffic control .
However , we recognize that contributions at the Maennerchor Society level are not possible for all .
Corporate participation involves an annual unrestricted gift of $ 2,500 or more for Chancellors Circle or of $ 1,000 or more for Chancellors Associates .
Lean retailing itself implies a dramatic reduction in the amount of inventory held by retail enterprises .
Yes , he said .
It is many years since my contemporaries and I got a kick out of seeing even the bowdlerized f ** k in print -LRB- in Partridge 's Dictionary of Slang and Unconventional English , 1935 -RRB- , and fug in Mailer 's The Naked and the Dead allowed prudery to mock itself .
television viewing .
Or if they ever will at all ?
How far away ?
Lakeside city located inside the embankment or on top of it
Finally , the cloth must be spread in as many layers of thickness as necessary to achieve the number of units requested or as many as can be properly cut at one time .
Cathedral provided us with a good education and a great foundation for our futures .
The traditional system of apparel assembly was designed to minimize the direct labor costs of assembly , not production throughput time .
Daddy 's , daddy 's a builder right ?
Their actions saved the lives of countless others , and may have saved either the Capitol or the White House from destruction .
He moved on to open his own retail stores , restaurants , sales organizations , a manufacturing company and a public relations firm .
My father did n't read anything in terms of what you 'd call a book , uh , but he was analytical of the Sport of Kings , and , so would peruse the paper to check on that . But , uh , my mother , uh , you know , did n't read a whole lot , but spent a lot of time reading to me , uh , my being an only child .
I 'd be happy to answer any questions you may have about this program -- please call me at 317/274 -5625 .
He inspired more research on children 's thinking than any other single theorist .
You can literally help save a life .
At 8:51 , the flight deviated from its assigned altitude , and a minute later New York air traffic controllers began repeatedly and unsuccessfully trying to contact it .
Just because , you know , she knows how I am , I guess .
The hijackers attacked sometime between 8:42 and 8:46 .
Please renew your commitment today .
For example , James Garner 's Rockford dubbed as a Japanese tenor is a reminder of one 's firm awareness of Garner 's American tone and timbre .
On Air Force One , the President 's press secretary was taking notes ; Ari Fleischer recorded that at 10:20 , the President told him that he had authorized a shootdown of aircraft if necessary .
Young Parents A key component in reduction of potential risk of child abuse , designed to decrease stress in the parent/child relationship enabling the parent to continue school attendance and achievement .
NORAD would receive tracking information for the hijacked aircraft either from joint use radar or from the relevant FAA air traffic control facility .
Thank you for your past help and your continued support .
This edition when published was said to give more word definitions than any other British desk dictionary ; including its main competitor , The Concise Oxford . But in 1986 it was moved into second place by the second edition of Collins Dictionary of the English Language . -LRB- Webster 's New World Dictionary of the American Language seems about the same size as the Oxford ; the Gage Canadian Dictionary is slightly smaller . -RRB-
Such a clue for COCK might adult male of the domestic fowl .
West side of Charlotte .
Take a few moments to list five or six competencies of a child you know well .
He had an appetite and aptitude for business .
So , that was such a racy and shocking book at that time , and so , of course , we had to read it .
A Feminist Dictionary , edited by influential Cheris Kramarae and Paula Treichler along with Ann Russo , suggests the style and the substance of some recent feminist discourse .
In the hands of parents and teachers lies the awesome responsibility of conveying to the next generation the intellectual , scientific , aesthetic , and moral achievements that dierentiate our species from others .
The resulting profit accrues , even after the higher finished goods carrying cost associated with larger inventory has been considered .
At 10:02 , the communicators in the shelter began receiving reports from the Secret Service of an inbound aircraft-presumably hijacked-heading toward Washington .
Got him just out of 9,500-9 ,000 now .
Consider , for example , a 9-month-old infant who has never before seen a jack-in-the-box .
Many of his followers became important members in the new organization , and his own close ties with Bin Ladin led many to think of him as the deputy head of al Qaeda .
He boarded the aircraft , asked the Secret Service about the safety of his family , and called the Vice President .
Miyares ' repeated trips to sick call basically boiled down to , get your act together and get back in the field , or we 'll make you a private again sergeant .
When I investigated all the different ways I could get involved to help local families , I discovered the answer that made the most sense was United Way of Central Indiana .
That was the first time I saw them , the gue , the guerillas .
But the implication that OLWs are new ` just because they now appear routinely in comic strips and on television ` is misguided .
The international environment for Bin Ladin 's efforts was ideal .
Corroboration is not readily forthcoming from the OED , unless we accept a citation from Lydgate , dated c 1450 : Pryd gothe beforen And schame comythe aftyr , and blawythe horne .
I find it difficult to imagine a people more hospitable , more generous with their time , than the Japanese who took care of me .
Transmission of the Authorization from the White House to the Pilots The NMCC learned of United 93 's hijacking at about 10:03 .
They did n't answer .
At 9:57 , the passenger assault began .
-RRB- Juvenal wrote his satire on Rome in the early years of the second century , during the reign of the Emperor Trajan .
What how often .
I 'm sending this follow-up letter to let you know that your support is greatly needed and appreciated by everyone involved with graduate Endodontics at IU .
Together , I think we can make a contribution to that upgrading of the lounge which will be very meaningful for the students .
All that day , we did n't get up -LRB- off the floor -RRB- .
Analysand , like several - nd words in English , is derived from the gerundive , and so means ` -LRB- a person -RRB- to be analyzed .
Price reductions from the beginning to the end of the season also increased dramatically over the period from 1948 to 1988 , one in which there was considerable growth in product proliferation .
The Vice President authorized fighter aircraft to engage the inbound plane .
58 provides the cost for one boy or girl to participate in scouting activities for a year .
In addition to these dimensions , there are quarterly collections of different fabrics .
Finally , the central role played by retailers in development and operation of the channel points to the fact that any measure ` whether taken by the government , through voluntary compliance programs or via collective bargaining ` must include their participation and support .
When all the individual pieces of the garment have been modified and entered into the computer system , the final garment pattern is ready to be cut and sewn into a sample garment .
Statistics for the current academic year are the same .
crapulous , crapulent What this suggests would , of course , only occur to pre-pubescent boys and has nothing to do with the real meaning of drunkenness , overeating .
So , it 's like she , uh , and the education was n't the same back in those days .
Perhaps the fascination with man 's past grew out of the obsession with ruins evinced by Romanticism ; certainly , modern archaeology seems to have followed close behind , for the excavation of the supposed site of Troy took place only about 100 years ago .
And that keeps me , as an adult , one , remembering to pray like a child , and to maintain some of the innocence , which is difficult , of a child .
Sophie turned toward the teddy bear , lifted his paw , and exclaimed , She wants a lollipop to hold in her hand !
The union in the men 's clothing field at the time issued official publications in eight different languages .
YMCA of Greater Indianapolis RLYOC-Urban Mission July 29 , 1999 Page 2
Are you sure you want to be telling people that ?
Gifts also support student organizations such as moot court , supply library materials , pay for student research assistants , and make available other necessary resources .
And did you like living in Charlotte all your life ?
A successful U.S. apparel-maker , for instance , may assemble basic men 's khaki pants in average sizes in Mexico , taking advantage of low labor costs as well as Mexico 's proximity to the maker 's Texas distribution centers ; at the same time , this company can choose to manufacture products with more variable demand , like khaki pants with narrow waists and long inseams , in the United States , providing fast turnaround for retailers and lower exposure to inventory risk .
Safire can not be accused of being copy-proud -LRB- except , evidently , of awful puns , as in Ms. is deliberately msterious , but at least it is not deliberately msleading and other mscegenations -RRB- .
NEADS decided to keep the Otis fighters over New York .
Where is , where was this ?
He inspired more research on children 's thinking than any other single theorist .
FAA Mission and Structure .
U.S. officials became aware of these secret discussions , certainly by March .
Then he came and we stayed on in the same place .
At 9:41 , Cleveland Center lost United 93 's transponder signal .
Please support our 1996 United Way campaign .
The onomatoplazia of inflammable is so common that flammable , or even flamable is now commonly substituted , especially on trucks .
It was impossible not to remain humble in these circumstances .
In a time when higher education , and graduate programs in particular , are suffering from a lack of funding , we are positioning ourselves to remain in a leadership position with outstanding faculty , students , and private support from alumni and friends of the program .
In the 1934 book Music Ho !
We need to get the military involved with us .
I can not wait to see a new perfume marketed under the name Mephitis , Osmatique , or Puanteur .
Yeah , we got ta get-we got ta alert the military real quick on this .
Now he is on a ramble with his hand out and a pleading look in his roadmapped eyes .
The coat manufacturer will have to hold relatively more finished goods inventory of the low volume SKUs than of the high volume SKUs .
Here at The Salvation Army , this is our continuous goal .
The FBI told us they found no trace of explosives at the crash sites .
So I did n't like that at first , and then , of course , you know , as the story unfolded , you would , uh , relate that to your own experiences of being afraid and , and learning to conquer those fears and that kind of thing .
It had at most one or two minutes to react to the unidentified plane approaching Washington , and the fighters were in the wrong place to be able to help .
So they would , they would always come to me , and they told me , Ma'am , sell us milk , sell us yogurt , sell us cheese , or sell us a , a hog , a plump hog , well I had to sell them , and I am going to sell , he 'd said , if you sell them to everyone else , sell to us , too .
Over the past three decades , external forces impinging on the family have transformed parents ' and , therefore , children 's lives .
Giving $ 50 club sponsor provides supplies needed for one club $ 100 camper sponsor provides one child a whole week of fun at camp .
Here are just some of the services your gift can provide .
My source for the preceding is Charles Fountain 's engaging biography of Frazier , Another Man 's Poison , Globe Pequot Press , Chester , CT , 1984 .
The Campaign is directed at law firms and businesses having 10 or more alumni .
As a key part of its efforts , Defense created National Guard WMD Civil Support Teams to respond in the event of a WMD terrorist incident .
Here was the proof .
According to fourth-year student David Schmidt , who serves as president of the Students Affairs council , the upgraded lounge is a priority for the students .
oy not so much a word as an entire vocabulary , as Rosten can express any emotion , from trivial delight to the blackest woe .
Lacking a target , they were vectored toward military-controlled airspace off the Long Island coast .
At 9:27 , after having been in the air for 45 minutes , United 93 acknowledged a transmission from the Cleveland Center controller .
An endowed chair will greatly benefit the IU School of Dentistry in recruiting and retaining outstanding faculty .
As with all contributions made through I U Foundation , your gift is tax-deductible according to federal and state laws .
Did you write this ?
It is basically composed of 29 percent Anglo-Saxon and 60 percent Romance -LRB- including Latin and Greek -RRB- words .
This year 's challenge is to keep pace with our growing membership through increased levels of support from every facet of the organization-board and committee members , staff , volunteers , alumni , and other friends .
Your gift will go beyond the holiday season .
A gift to Pleasant Run means the children in our care will have presents to open .
The other women gasped and asked , And what is the famous Lipschitz curse ?
In an intensive observational study of daily storytelling in two communities ` six middle-class Chinese families in Taipei , Taiwan , and six middle-class American families in an Irish-Catholic neighborhood in Chicago'Peggy Miller and her colleagues72 found that preschoolers and their family members routinely narrated past experiences .
America is under attack .
For example , close to 50 percent of the value of shipments for men 's shirts comes from the cost of materials , while 25 percent arises from compensation costs .
When parents and children spend most of their time apart , the result is a profound dampening of parents ' socializing power .
It 's definitely grown .
Secretary Rumsfeld told us he was just gaining situational awareness when he spoke with the Vice President at 10:39 .
Securely attached infants actively seek contact with and are easily consoled by their familiar , responsive caregiver .
The doctor sewed up her leg .
Go ahead .
At last , he has found success in a job that he loves .
Somewhere in VA Marsha sees a billboard for this restaurant to eat at .
If you 're not from Charlotte , you 're not going to know where that 's at , but , um , it was really far away from everybody and behind the airport and stuff like that .
Then detach the lower portion and return to us as soon as possible in the postage-paid envelope .
We reach out to kids -- especially those from disadvantaged neighborhoods where the risks are highest .
Once inside , Vice President Cheney and the agents paused in an area of the tunnel that had a secure phone , a bench , and television .
And you said , How do I get this tar off of me uncle ?
Of course , at that time my rent was $ 50.00 a month .
But in appealing to societies full of discontent , Bin Ladin remained credible as other leaders and symbols faded .
I said to him , do n't you know , Chepe , what it is ?
We look forward to seeing you at our annual recognition event Space is limited .
In order to do this , laboratories must be developed and maintained with equipment that will provide first-rate , hands-on experience for our students .
Gifts to United Way helped provide shelter , medical care , counseling and job placement to end his homelessness .
Miyares is a quick to share credit for his success with his business partner and long time friend Clay Chong -LRB- they own NUVENCO Group , a San Diego based product and business management firm where Chong is president and Miyares vice president -RRB- ; Chong 's wife , Jan , administrative supervisor for the organization ; and JoAnn .
Pound services ensure that lost pets have a clean and safe place to stay and be cared for until their owners can be located .
The FAA and CIA joined at 9:40 .
He next spoke to Vice President Cheney , Dr. Rice , New York Governor George Pataki , and FBI Director Robert Mueller .
You want to be down anymore than anybody else , so --
Please give what you can .
Well , you know , to this day every now and then that particular story comes up every now and then .
According to Miyares , the DBA is the first organization to target the role of disabled persons in business .
We 're at an exciting juncture and it wo n't be long until we start seeing solid results from our efforts .
Laying out a production line required exact calculation of the number of workers required for a given step to keep single garments moving through the operation continuously ` much as a car moves down an assembly line .
A successful U.S. apparel-maker , for instance , may assemble basic men 's khaki pants in average sizes in Mexico , taking advantage of low labor costs as well as Mexico 's proximity to the maker 's Texas distribution centers ; at the same time , this company can choose to manufacture products with more variable demand , like khaki pants with narrow waists and long inseams , in the United States , providing fast turnaround for retailers and lower exposure to inventory risk .
I 'll twist him , sir .
Do you remember any specific ones that you could retell ?
The early phases of the Industrial Revolution in England were closely linked to the mechanization of the textile industry and its transfer from the home to the factory .
We had a large tractor-trailer parked out front and uh , these guys all assembled to take the pews out of the church .
Again , thanks for your support .
She will first analyze the historical data by separating the causes of past changes in demand into the following -LRB- 1 -RRB- trend , -LRB- 2 -RRB- seasonality , -LRB- 3 -RRB- cyclicality , and -LRB- 4 -RRB- random fluctuation .
Let 's see , recent authors You 've probably never heard of any of these , but Gregory Benford is very good , these are science fiction , uh , see David Grant , science fiction that is real good .
After consulting with NEADS command , the crew commander issued the order at 9:23 : Okay ... scramble Langley .
It is my -LRB- wholly unsubstantiated -RRB- guess that the majority of Soviet personnel in Vietnam are in fact not Russian .
This is not surprising , given the traditional retailing strategy under which retailers commit to purchases well in advance of the selling season .
What to make of the fact that one may be henpecked but not cockpecked ?
Notice how , for the biological side of brain development to go forward , appropriate stimulation is essential while formation of neural connections is at its peak .
Thanks to the support United Way of Central Indiana receives from people like you , there are hundreds of stories like Cecilia 's .
Unfortunately , with this famous Lipschitz diamond comes also the famous Lipschitz curse .
Creating and expanding opportunities for neighborhood businesses .
OK Adam is now going to talk about the music industry .
And you where do you live now ?
Please include the enclosed form with your contribution .
What does he do for a living ?
Black cover with white , black and white .
The line to the White House shelter conference room-and the Vice President - kept cutting off .
And that keeps me , as an adult , one , remembering to pray like a child , and to maintain some of the innocence , which is difficult , of a child .
I do n't , I kind of do n't think about that though , because I 'm like my life is my life , you know ?
During the course of the morning , there were multiple erroneous reports of hijacked aircraft .
It began in medieval Europe , and in the late 20th century it is everywhere in the world .
Eventually ramrod became personified , taking on the added meaning of ` one marked by rigidity , stiffness , and severity , ' even though the original ramrods , which were straight , were rather flexible .
So you see the purpose of this fund is about need and helping worthy , but less fortunate students , who without your help would not be able to attend the school of their choice .
It had resumed its flight to Minnesota and saw the smoke from the crash of United 93 , less than two minutes after the plane went down .
Almost all home machines are lockstitch machines .
Since 1977 , Dr. Reinhold Aman has been publishing Maledicta , subtitled The International Journal of Verbal Aggression , from his bivouac in Waukesha , Wisconsin .
Sarah hung out with another family in the neighborhood .
And she told me that everyone has to be like a little child to God , and that God loves everyone just like He is their own father and they are His children , because of what they are .
Supported by government grants , private foundations , and law firms
Through it , children practice and strengthen their capacity to represent their experiences .
And as you do so , Girl Scouts from all over the Hoosier Capital Council invite you to test your knowledge of the crucial services funded through Annual Appeal dollars .
And I think that brings a smile to God 's face .
In one study , Lonigan and Whitehurst compared shared reading with teachers at preschool , shared reading with parents at home , and a combined condition .
Much research confirms that overloading children with input leads to disorganization of behavior .
Thank you again for sending me the information on your $ 25 reasonable request direct mail appeal as well as your detailed analysis of results .
This overall increase is mirrored by growth in the average number of new SKUs introduced per year by apparel business units , which increased from 2,368 in 1988 to 3,688 in 1992 .
Lockean ideas provided the footing for American behaviorism , launched by John Watson in the early 1900s and built by B. F. Skinner into a powerful mid-century theoretical force heralding the supremacy of environment in its belief that behavior is shaped by external stimuli .
His primary concern was ensuring that the pilots had a clear understanding of their rules of engagement .
The parent or teacher intervenes only when the child is truly stuck , granting the child as much opportunity to master his or her own behavior as possible .
As Andrew Norman wrote , in a letter published in this book on page 113 , You flit freely back and forth between prescriptivism and descriptivism .
These are particularly tricky when short words , like articles or pronouns , are
Work a lot harder , um , take some classes that I think are going to interest me more .
Yes , he said .
The whole thing ?
Where in Charlotte ?
Second , a clue may name a class of objects which includes the answer , like bird for COCK .
You got a job cutting siding was n't it ?
As it began , some of the hijackers-most likely Wail al Shehri and Waleed al Shehri , who were seated in row 2 in first class-stabbed the two unarmed flight attendants who would have been preparing for cabin service .
Given the volatile nature of demand in many industries , an assumption of stability is suspect , meaning that forecasts based on historical sales data may be less accurate than the historical data suggest .
There are lengthy usage notes and synonym studies in W that do not appear in L at all or in greatly abbreviated form , sometimes mercifully so , for W occasionally succumbs to prolixity .
Your contribution helped make it possible for us to provide our students with a quality education .
It was , the Sphinx explains , his answer to the Man .
Sometimes I gave up , as when pointing to my temples -LRB- white -RRB- brought shampoo rather than the desired bleach .
But , then like me and my mom will talk all the time and she 'll come over here and she 'll like have a beer and a cigarette with me and it does n't matter anymore !
The mission of the Social Health Association of Central Indiana is to promote healthy behavior and responsible relationships through sexuality education and life skills training .
Please include the enclosed form with your contribution .
Second , the total amount of retail space in the United States has expanded dramatically , even while consumer expenditures on apparel items have declined as a share of total expenditures .
What do you do for that ?
Some were in business and some were talking about starting a business .
I am asking that you consider supporting our efforts once again this year with a similar gift .
Thus the evidence at the RHD offices indicated the need for reinforcement of the notion of maleness associated with the word , not , as M and S suggest , a trend toward epicenism .
It was , and the little I remember , Momma telling me on the way , you know , just little things I do n't know really , let me think now .
Did your dad read to you too ?
Although there have been specialized spinning and weaving mills , the great majority of output is produced in enterprises that engage in both operations .
The total was approximately 2800 , but that is probably only a vague he undoubtedly missed some ; some have sprung up since his time -LRB- modern Hebrew , for instance -RRB- ; and some have vanished .
We 're told that one aircraft is down but we do not have a pilot report that did it .
Some were in business and some were talking about starting a business .
I can think of no better time to continue extending grace to others than at Easter .
In fact , a production line is probably never in perfect balance .
We did n't know as much about it as we do today , and were learning and adjusting to diabetes at the same time we were building our marriage .
Planes , as in plural .
My source for the preceding is Charles Fountain 's engaging biography of Frazier , Another Man 's Poison , Globe Pequot Press , Chester , CT , 1984 .
The city is going to explode with Herron 's artistic contributions !
In other words , the savings created in throughput reduction in assembly were lost on the shipping dock .
Did your dad read to you too ?
However , it did n't seem to be so horrifying .
I 'm all for Latin courses , but there 's an easier way of building your English vocabulary then plowing through the intricacies of Latin morphology and syntax .
Hmm , well , I had some teachers that were really , um , influential about what I read and their love for literature .
But what about a reference by MacNeil 's partner , Jim Lehrer , to some ten thousand black gold and diamond miners -LSB- on strike in South Africa -RSB- .
Do you have a playtime at school ?
The new requirements stress closer attention to individual learning between students and advisers and emphasize the connections among literary study , writing , and linguistics .
Poking and prodding at contemporary speech and writing , feminists condemn the use of a term identified with one sex or gender to designate all humanity .
And did you like living in Charlotte all your life ?
FAA controllers at Boston Center , which had tracked the first two hijackings , requested at 9:07 that Herndon Command Center get messages to airborne aircraft to increase security for the cockpit .
Well , let 's see .
This in turn will help us to increase and even improve the services we offer .
But , as a British journalist might say , we should be told .
Because I 'm like a lifeguard every summer and this year I had to get a winter job all year .
From an air traffic controller 's perspective , that meant maintaining a safe distance between airborne aircraft .
Another commercial aircraft in the vicinity then radioed in with reports over the radio of a commuter plane hitting the World Trade Center .
In all the ways just mentioned , parents and other adults are vital conveyers of culture , through direct teaching of attitudes and values and through the pervasive imprint of culture on the settings and activities they provide for children .
Our answer to that is , we stay focused on our mission of empowerment of women and their families .
Practicing and solidifying modes of representation , Piaget emphasized , make it possible for the child to free thought from the here and now ; create larger images of reality that take into account past , present , and future ; and transform those images mentally in the service of logical thinking .
Without fully realizing it , all of us speak the language of guns and cannons in our everyday conversation , and many words and phrases we spark forth date back to the era of black powder and muzzleloading .
All understood the plane had been hijacked .
And to request confirmation , they might well say You do it exactly this way !
He 's the boss !
It is similar with members low on the ladder of rank .
Few Americans had noticed it .
For them , as for most feminists , political considerations are primary .
The complexity of the problem , even for basic blue jeans , is staggering .
These processes are often reinforced with such comments from parents and teachers as , You 'll never get anywhere nowadays without a college education .
By 9:08 , the mission crew commander at NEADS learned of the second explosion at the World Trade Center and decided against holding the fighters in military airspace away from
Who can , for instance , blame a youth with but a mildly evil disposition from guffawing when he reads in Pater 's Marius The Epicurean -LRB- Chapter V -RRB- a reference to Apuleius ' The Golden Ass noting that all through the book , there is an unmistakably real feeling for asses ...
The IUPUI Challenger Scholars are chosen from among outstanding students in the humanities , sciences , technologies and education who have chosen to pursue careers in teaching , at any level .
It was winter and bitterly cold .
He cut out a square and a circle with help today .
The music industry .
Statistical analysis showed that those garments for which the Buying Committee had the greatest disagreement were indeed those with the greatest demand uncertainty .
` Cause we 're like , now I can say this because I 'm older or whatever and I can like deal with it , I 'm exactly like my dad .
Among the factors that are expected to have a substantial impact on employment in the textiles and apparel industries , perhaps the most influential will be the trade policy agreed to in the GATT .
Something to that effect .
The remaining 20 percent are either invented -LRB- laser , bogus , splurge -RRB- or have been borrowed from more than 200 other languages or dialects from Arabic to Zulu .
Do you think that 's a good thing that it helped culture you , or --
They would then take their body measurements to any of several participating retailers , who pass the information on to their apparel suppliers and have the clothing custom-made .
Controllers would notify their supervisors , who in turn would inform management all the way up to FAA headquarters in Washington .
\ \ And you 'll stay here ?
And this is , I guess , after , after high school , kind of right before college , actually , while I was in college , before I went away to school , while I was still in Brooklyn .
Crisis managers at the FAA and the airlines did not yet act to warn other aircraft .
W follows the -LRB- useful -RRB- practice of listing a shortened pronunciation key on each right-hand page ; L 's failure to do so is a disadvantage , notwithstanding the simplicity of their system , for the user must ferret about to find the description given on page xxii to clarify any question .
If these special children are to become the adults we all need them to be , we have to lead them in the right direction right now .
Then he came and we stayed on in the same place .
Many controllers work at the FAA 's 22 Air Route Traffic Control Centers .
And , uh , I assume , um , that English is your native language .
The changes now going on have their analog in the last century , when technological innovations of the day like railroads , telegraph , and steam power ` developed for purposes far afield of retail , apparel , or textiles ` helped transform the mass distri-bution of goods and information .
He passed these instructions to the pilots that launched at 10:42 and afterward .
Parents must ask questions like
Although we associate trench warfare with World War I , trenches were characteristic also of the Civil War .
And I said , I do n't have anybody , I said , hidden away .
Once these manufacturing and information practices have been adopted , it should come as no surprise that they affect the performance of business units .
We look forward to your written response , membership support , and having the opportunity to work with you .
While this was being discussed by executives at FAA headquarters , the Command Center ordered one at 9:25 .
Please note that on your calendar .
As you begin that process this year , I would like to ask you to consider helping young people in Marion County toward more positive youth development by becoming a supporter of the Marion County Commission on Youth , Inc. .
It is difficult for the nonspecialist reader -LRB- like me -RRB- to assess the validity of his arguments , which are based on his contention that the language -LRB- and its congeners -RRB- were carried along by the spread of nomad pastoralism .
Thirty-one privately-funded scholarships totaling $ 82.000 awarded to students annually
I shamelessly and freely borrowed the concept , making adaptations to fit our needs and used it as a direct mail appeal last fall ... samples enclosed .
-LRB- Careful feminist writers avoid unthinking use of imagery redolent of colonialism and militarism . -RRB-
Although I 'm a retired person , today I have a beautiful outlook on life because of Indy Reads .
You do numbers real fast ?
O brave new world , / That has such people in ` t.
Jarrah stopped the violent maneuvers at about 10:01:00 and said , Allah is the greatest !
I spent hours daydreaming and looking at old pictures of Mom , Dad , Sarah , and me .
-LRB- Admittedly , no party completely purges its rhetoric of terms like phallologocentric , however . -RRB-
As a byproduct of participation , children gain a rich understanding of their own and others ' mental lives ` powerful tools in predicting and explaining human behavior and , therefore , in getting along with others .
Bin Ladin agreed to help Turabi in an ongoing war against African Christian separatists in southern Sudan and also to do some road building .
When cutting is completed , the pieces are removed in stacks and arranged in bundles for sewing .
The Czech playwright Karel Kapek was the creator of robot a ` machine which replaces a man ' in R.U.R.
FAA personnel at both Reagan National and Dulles airports notified the Secret Service .
Instead , in a number of cases their rulers sought to buy off local Islamist movements by ceding control of many social and educational issues .
Bin Ladin was also willing to explore possibilities for cooperation with Iraq , even though Iraq 's dictator , Saddam Hussein , had never had an Islamist agenda-save for his opportunistic pose as a defender of the faithful against Crusaders during the Gulf War of 1991 .
So I remember silly things like that , that were a lot of fun . I read , uh , the story that , I do n't , this is n't , ah , I think the first real story that I read was , uh , The Red Badge of Courage .
Since a second copy exceeded the first by one hundred percent , it was considered an abundance .
And there are a lot of people who face these challenges every day of their lives .
Instead , they obey their caregivers and go to bed .
Because , well , no , Ines was putting up an argument that - , when he told her , No , he said , e , Luis Alonso , I may be going to die , he said , because so much blood loss , he said .
As if this earth in fast thick pants were breathing .
Um , I do n't think I 'll be able to settle down here though , because most of my relatives live up north .
Young Parents A key component in reduction of potential risk of child abuse , designed to decrease stress in the parent/child relationship enabling the parent to continue school attendance and achievement .
Do you think they 've become more ex , do you think they 've accepted more what you 've decided to do or that 's going to take a while ?
-LRB- Bearing-Gould , a compulsive writer , was a man of Victorian delicacy .
These trainers were later heard boasting that their assistance led to the October 1993 shootdown of two U.S.
And I said to some of my cousins that I had only the last I had seen was at Grandpop 's funeral .
The early phases of the Industrial Revolution in England were closely linked to the mechanization of the textile industry and its transfer from the home to the factory .
Support at this level could assist the dental school in a variety of ways .
We really do appreciate your efforts , whatever amount you can contribute .
He found lodgings with Younis Khalis , the head of one of the main mujahideen factions .
However , I am sure there will be other items that will be needed in the new facility to enhance the educational experience of students , including graduate students .
Further research is needed and families still need help .
I look nobody is standing at the saw .
After the Soviet Union 's twenty-year ban on Vygotsky 's writings was lifted in the mid-1950s , his major works reached the West .
I am happy , by the way , that Abate did not say that studying Latin helps you to think clearly'an erroneous notion still often heard .
I went on through , unlocked the window and left .
Sexually Transmitted Infections -LRB- including AIDS -RRB-
And in several of these random instances of pleonasm , truism , kinky syntax , malapropos metaphor , and just plain dumb things to say , I perceived the moroxonic spirit at work .
By 8:33 , it had reached its assigned cruising altitude of 31,000 feet .
We had a barn , a dairy farm that was maybe quarter of a mile from the house and uh , Mama say , We need milk .
At the same time , children can develop more attractive dispositions and adaptive skills as the result of parental warmth , attention , and consistent guidance .
These include toys , books , television , computers , special lessons , weekend outings , time with grandparents and other extended family members , as well as the quality of child care , schooling , and the neighborhood they choose to live in -LRB- depending , of course , on the extent to which communities oer viable choices -RRB- .
Thus , if a retailer follows the simplest strategy of ordering at the beginning of each week exactly those items that sold during the previous week , manufacturers must be prepared to ship an unknown number of items each week .
NORAD , what 's the situation ?
In a typical apparel factory , a sewing operator is actually sewing only one-quarter of the time .
The Secret Service agent felt strongly that the situation in Washington was too unstable for the President to return there , and Card agreed .
Many women have a difficult time finding a pair of jeans that fits to their satisfaction .
Such requirements could arise either as a result of voluntary agreements among retailers and apparel suppliers or be mandated through regulation .
The top thread is then pulled up by the take-up arm .
Duende meant ` hobgoblin , ' ` sprite , ' or ` ghost ' in Spanish for a long time , but it is not known when it acquired its artistic coloration .
About 20 minutes later , at 7:35 , another passenger for Flight 77 , Hani Hanjour , placed two carry-on bags on the X-ray belt in the Main Terminal 's west checkpoint , and proceeded , without alarm , through the metal detector .
The controller only heard something unintelligible ; he did not hear the specific words we have some planes .
How about um , your motorcycle ?
Finally , it might be worth mentioning that the program has the capacity to store in a temporary memory buffer about 100 words -LRB- proper names , for instance -RRB- that it has identified as not stored in its dictionary .
Children can become competent readers and writers without being trained , pushed , or goaded into literacy learning in early childhood .
In all the following cases , the spelling , -LRB- apparent -RRB- roots , or sound of the word actively suggest a meaning different from the true one .
Vygotsky 's theory has been the wellspring of our recent appreciation of the profoundly social nature of even very young children 's imaginative play'and its wide-ranging infiuence on cognitive and social development .
While that has not been literally proposed -LRB- as far as I know -RRB- , the fact that the men 's names appear first has been used by some feminists to illustrate the manifestation of an attitude that women have had to put up with all these centuries .
Your gift today of $ 25 , $ 50 , $ 125 , $ 250 or more will help keep our Red Shield a strong , reputable symbol of hope -- for those we assist , as well as for those who are watching !
The Encyclopedia of Indianapolis is progressing well .
Is there anything specific that , uh , you remember about your grandma ?
Regardless of where Quick Response has succeeded , however , our research indicates that very different time-based competitive demands have emerged in the industry , driven not by voluntary acceptance of policies but by the changing nature of market competition among retailers .
The supervisor instructed the controller to follow standard procedures for handling a no radio aircraft .
she said , I mean , a huge group !
Meanwhile , a manager from Boston Center reported that they had deciphered what they had heard in one of the first hijacker transmissions from American 11 : Boston Hey ... you still there ?
According to contemporaneous notes , at 9:55 the Vice President was still on the phone with the President advising that three planes were missing and one had hit the Pentagon .
Knowledgeable community volunteers -- people just like you -- ensure that your gift is spent wisely and that 88 PERCENT OF FUNDS RAISED GO TO HELP PEOPLE IN NEED RIGHT HERE IN CENTRAL INDIANA .
FAA personnel at both Reagan National and Dulles airports notified the Secret Service .
The word Buddha itself came to be represented by a character which at one time had a pronunciation something like b ` iwat and now , after a long process of phonological change , is pronounced f ?? .
This was accompanied by the -LRB- usual -RRB- lamentations over the murder of a fine language , the generally poor standard of English encountered in the newspapers and on radio and TV , and the observation that children can not spell or use the right tenses .
Um , I do n't think I 'll be able to settle down here though , because most of my relatives live up north .
Eleven , the first guy , he 's heading towards Washington .
And although the wages of nonsupervisory workers in retail have been and still are quite low ,9 the compensation system for buyers provided substantial rewards for favorable results .
All of this is a minor irritation to the user , but Philip Gove wanted to save space at all costs .
In Sudan , he established an Islamic Army Shura that was to serve as the coordinating body for the consortium of terrorist groups with which he was forging alliances .
While the evidence of Iranian involvement is strong , there are also signs that al Qaeda played some role , as yet unknown .
In interviews with us , NEADS personnel expressed considerable confusion over the nature and effect of the order .
It was a very interesting experience .
Adjust the task to an appropriately challenging level , and tailor teaching and assistance to the child 's changing needs .
While most of the group 's key figures had accompanied Bin Ladin to Afghanistan , Banshiri had remained in Kenya to oversee the training and weapons shipments of the cell set up some four years earlier .
00 in labor and transportation costs -LRB- including direct labor at the plant level ; transportation costs for fabric and other supplies shipped to the sewing plant ; the cost of transporting finished goods to the manufacturer 's distribution center , any customs fees or insurance associated with transportation , and any other costs associated with producing an acceptable unit of finished goods -RRB- .
Although each has made valuable contributions to our understanding , a new , more powerful view of the meaning of young children 's play has arrived on the scene , thanks to Vygotsky 's sociocultural theory .
I just loved Cinderella . I also saw my sisters as the wicked stepsisters sometimes , and I was Cinderella , running around waiting on them .
The more pieces in a marker , the more effort required to make an efficient marker of a given width .
Moscow declared it would pull its military forces out of Afghanistan within the next nine months .
By the late 1980s , a growing number of retailers had started changing the way they did business .
All of the foregoing areas are supported by contributions from alumni and friends of the school
Its only real faults are its title , which belies the content , the cutesy headings , and the lack of a truly detailed self-indexing does not provide coverage of sufficient detail .
Each suit is ideally made from pattern pieces cut from the same ply of cloth and the same region of material .
Nothing I re , that I recall .
It is difficult to place all the blame on Renfrew , for his editor should have noticed the lack of coherence .
But as Figure 7.9 suggests , a manufacturer can pay somewhat more to make certain units ` those with high weekly variation in sales ` in quick production lines and still reap a better return than it would by making all of the product in a less expensive , slower plant .
Please join in this help with your gift today .
The President apparently spoke to Secretary Rumsfeld for the first time that morning shortly after 10:00 .
Yes , Night will devour Day , but Macbeth 's significant meaning here under cover of darkness ` in reckless defiance of weird authority ` he will have his black agents eliminate the bonded progenitor of Scottish kings , along with his only progeny .
set in a type -LRB- as boldface -RRB- readily distinguishable from that of the lightface running text which defines , explains , or identifies the entry
How about um , your kids ?
So in some ways it was very similar to the space exploration that you were so interested in ?
Please RSVP to Tammy Jackson by Tuesday , November 2 , 1999 at 264-7555 , ext. .
My favorite story , um , oh , Cinderella .
The independence Cameron gives Urban is phenomenal .
During the first broadcast , the captain or first officer could be heard declaring Mayday amid the sounds of a physical struggle in the cockpit .
From the airplane or from the ground ?
The whole point is speed and clarity of communications .
It 's summertime , so it must be time for CAMP !
Ricky alternately named the numbers he recognized and counted items as they passed through the checkout .
When cutting is completed , the pieces are removed in stacks and arranged in bundles for sewing .
Whether the apparel item is casual or formal , the stitching in the garment must accomplish one or more of the following objectives .
So now I 'm going to run three pools over the summer .
As a donor to the School of Dentistry , you are making a significant investment in dental education in Indiana .
In late October a young woman librarian at the college took me to a flower-arranging exhibition .
Bin Ladin also relies heavily on the Egyptian writer Sayyid Qutb .
He said , But , to take the livestock , I ca n't , I ca n't do it alone , at least , four , he said , because , it 's difficult with the animals .
If I was n't working here .
There is no fat in our budget .
Your gift will also count toward the largest campaign for private contributions in the University 's history .
Thirty-one privately-funded scholarships totaling $ 82.000 awarded to students annually
Lush , green fields that stretched for miles , wisps of white clouds scattered across a clear , blue sky , tranquil silence broken only by cheerful bird songs , the fresh , sweet scent of morning air .
He said , Daddy I have to go poo-poo .
In Great Expectations -LRB- Chapter VI -RRB- , we learn how . .
Your continued generosity can help change a desperate mother 's life .
Say again , slowly .
Apparel workplaces have historically been located in major metropolitan areas ` New York , Chicago , Philadelphia , Rochester , Baltimore , Cleveland , St. Louis ` and drawn on successive waves of immigrants .
I like , uh , political non-fiction , and I 've read The Making of the President series from 1960 on up .
Rosy , too , had seen the tune as Muskrat , Muskat , and Muscat . I asked him what he thought the original title was .
Mass customization of this sort also means that a single garment must pass through the sewing room at a time .
Wo n't you help the WYCA provide a great summer for those kids ?
Such a plot had not been carried out anywhere in the world in more than 30 years , and never in the United States .
Um , well I know it was before I was five , probably , I know at least four and I 'm sure she read to me before that .
In 1990 , the law school received only $ 18,114 in matching gifts from 15 companies .
Lancame has begun to market a line of cosmetics called Nios ?? me , which lexics -LRB- opposite of dyslexics -RRB- may read as Noisame , a singularly unimaginative name for a it ranks with product names like Anusol -LRB- regardless of its pronunciation in commercials -RRB- .
During the 1980s , however , the amount of inventory held by Federated ballooned while it faced bankruptcy .
Though Bin Ladin 's destination was Afghanistan , Pakistan was the nation that held the key to his ability to use Afghanistan as a base from which to revive his ambitious enterprise for war against the United States .
Our studies of business units with differing levels of the four practices indicate that firms with the complete set of practices achieve similar or slightly better performance in regard to the percentage of goods delivered complete and on time , although these differences between business units are not very dramatic .
Army , and became an instructor at Fort Bragg .
It places a high value on success with such things .
More generally , feminists reveal and question implied norms in language and hence in our consciousness , ranging from the application form 's unmarried which suggests that marriage is the normal state -LRB- as parents of twins imply double births expected , referring to non-twins as singletons -RRB- to more complex issues , such as those associated with terms like masculine and feminine . Anomalies in language become evidence .
Communicate with high warmth , using a positive emotional tone and providing explanations and justifications for your expectations .
We were staying here in Albemarle .
They had bookshelves , um , that my daddy built , that were built in bookshelves and he um , they were filled up with books , and one summer , I remember when I was a teenager , I just made it a mission to read as many of those books as I could , and I plowed , they were fiction most of them .
There may be others who have had the same experience with them .
What , ah , story in your childhood had the most impact on you ?
All of this is possible because we are a statewide member network .
And I could n't , well , do anything else .
Her interviewer did n't bat an eye .
While awaiting my licensure to practice dental hygiene , I have had the opportunity to look back upon my education at Indiana University School of Dentistry .
The nuances of Vietnamese history , which Mr. Henn finds so fascinating , were as useful to the men who fought Ho Chi Minh 's military machine as the facts of the Meiji Restoration to anyone who fought the Japanese Empire in WWII .
U.S. intelligence estimates put the total number of fighters who underwent instruction in Bin Ladin-supported camps in Afghanistan from 1996 through 9/11 at 10,000 to 20,000 .
I sat soaking at about 100F , while an exuberant gentleman on my left , who was wearing his washcloth draped over his head , gave me his four words of New York , Broadway , Niagara Falls , Grand Canyon . The real cultural joy , however , lay in just immersing myself in this aura , evoking Dante and 8 ?? , and watching the occupants through the steamy haze as they lathered , rinsed , and squatted on little plastic stools to shave before low-hung misted mirrors against the walls ` all this before I slap-slapped back to my room to enjoy dinner on the floor .
Do you think that 's a good thing that it helped culture you , or --
In Great Expectations -LRB- Chapter VI -RRB- , we learn how . .
What 's your favorite ?
A Stitch in Time uses the U.S. apparel story to highlight the transformation of retailing and manufacturing across the board .
A roughly approximate atonal pronunciation is thus moo-gwoo . A family resemblance , to be sure , but far from me gook .
The Department of Defense , like the Department of State , had a coordinator who represented the department on the interagency committee concerned with counterterrorism .
Well , I did and sometime later removed it to my cottage in Canada and used decopor -LRB- a thick , clear glazed resin -RRB- on the top .
In Brazil , child street vendors with little or no schooling display sophisticated concepts of classification and equivalence as the result of buying candy from wholesalers , pricing it with the help of adults and experienced peers , and bargaining with customers on city streets .
And it was nice talking to you .
Most recently , we received results of an employment survey of 1990 - 91 graduates , conducted by IUPUI 's Career and Employment Services -- it was pleasing to learn that we had nearly twice as many graduates as any other department in the School of Liberal Arts .
That is the basis of modern sewing operations in manufacturing facilities .
As you begin that process this year , I would like to ask you to consider helping young people in Marion County toward more positive youth development by becoming a supporter of the Marion County Commission on Youth , Inc. .
Software can prevent lines from being cut twice ; it can control the touchy job of cutting the apex of wedge-shaped pieces by approaching the point from both sides of the wedge rather than attempting to cut around the tip .
Campbell held that the ancient mythologies and religions are allegorical and that there was no real distinction between gods and goddesses , who were given sexual identity when in human form only to make them more meaningful .
The computer can watercolor the sketch and produce the storyboard for presentation .
I had , had put in several weeks that were between 60 and 90 hours a week .
Penney was also one of the first retailers to adopt scanner technologies .
The Japanese spell and pronounce what they hear and are accustomed to pronounce , much as Americans are inclined to say Kindagarden , ekscape , lawnjeray , asterik , and ekcetera .
A few months ago , Carl Newton and I wrote a letter asking you to consider a financial contribution to graduate Endodontics at Indiana University .
Do you think that 's what she wants ?
In the course of this chapter , I have had much to say about just how parents and teachers can capitalize on children 's natural propensities .
* All times given for this conference call are estimates , which we and the Department of Defense believe to be accurate within a 3 minute margin of error .
It had at most one or two minutes to react to the unidentified plane approaching Washington , and the fighters were in the wrong place to be able to help .
Finally , apparel manufacturers can make innovations in the assembly stage through modular , or team-based , production .
Um , I 'm sure I have I just ca n't think of what .
And companies in transformed retail-apparel-textile channels have established a complex web of computer hardware and software , other technologies , and managerial practices that have blurred the traditional boundaries between retailers and suppliers .
Unlike the earlier flights , the Flight 77 hijackers were reported by a passenger to have box cutters .
Five seconds later , Jarrah asked , Is that it ?
As a member , your voice will be added to those of others across the state , with the message that we can and must create caring communities that support families and shelter children .
The total was approximately 2800 , but that is probably only a vague he undoubtedly missed some ; some have sprung up since his time -LRB- modern Hebrew , for instance -RRB- ; and some have vanished .
I have enclosed a return envelope for your convenience , as well as an overview of the services we provide .
Goodwill works .
Most federal agencies learned about the crash in New York from CNN .
Make-believe play , Vygotsky asserted , helps preschoolers conquer these impulses by granting the child repeated practice in acting independently of what he sees .
Don Quixote is listed in the Appendix , but I could not find him in the dictionary , nor could I find quixotic , Queen of Sheba , Jeeves , Venus , Einstein -LRB- for ` genius ' -RRB- , Hitler -LRB- for ` demagogue , tryant ' -RRB- , Attila the Hun -LRB- for ` barbarian ' -RRB- , Robinson Crusoe -LRB- for ` castaway ; lonely person ' -RRB- ` but man Friday is in ' Horatio Alger , Narcissus , etc. .
' The atom was named before it was split .
He motioned to me as if they were going to cut off his head .
The opposite of point-blank is hanging fire , ` undecided , up in the air .
Nostalgia for Islam 's past glory remains a powerful force .
The deadline for donations from each class will be July 31 .
We are also planning new initiatives .
18 The advantage of using VMI programs stems from the retailer and manufacturer working together to determine a flow of shipments that optimizes the economics of the two parties as a system .
Almost all home machines are lockstitch machines .
I , at that time I , she just called them hanks .
We noted earlier that a retailer 's decision about how much to stock depends on the demand forecast for the product , the level of product availability it wishes to provide to customers , the frequency with which it will place replenishment orders , and the lead time to acquire replenishment units .
It is the term applied to a one-year-old sheep .
In studies following children from infancy into childhood and adolescence , early brief episodes of parental stimulation and sensitivity did not result in more competent children .
It had resumed its flight to Minnesota and saw the smoke from the crash of United 93 , less than two minutes after the plane went down .
Essentially , random fluctuation in demand can not be explained by trends , seasonality , cyclicality , or other factors like advertising and new product introduction .
The music industry , well , you want more of the juicy , sordid details .
I urge your consideration of joining the Maennerchor Society by making a gift of $ 1,000 per year .
Yeah , I know he had on pants , he had on a long sleeve I think the cuffs were rolled up once or twice .
Bloomer -LRB- for ` flower ' -RRB- , butter -LRB- for ` ram ' -RRB- , or even flower -LRB- for ` river ' -RRB- are recurrent examples , but solvers must always be on the alert for new traps of this
Now what about your mom ?
It was not too bad early on , when , according to Miles , the seven Maccabean martyrs who saved Judaism did so only at the instigation of their mother .
Do you watch that ?
Six weeks of learning and exploring , sports , arts , and fellowship .
Beginning at 8:52 , the controller made repeated attempts to reach the crew of United 175 .
The Army suspected him of malingering , and that did n't sit well with the 9th Infantry Division platoon sergeant .
Thousands of Hoosier motorists have been doing just that by purchasing environmental license plates .
Onomatoplazia struck a delightful chord for me .
My own reading of the passage turns as much on the word pale as on bond , but the word limit set by the essay competition forced me to be rather elliptical .
I did n't do a lot of reading .
Of course it ca n't be published because all those things are copyrighted , but my mother made up the story and I thought it was very nice and I still have it , uh , handwritten , uh , in our file here .
Just when you thought it was safe to assume that we now know all we are ever likely to know about the past , someone digs another hole and unearths -LRB- literally or figuratively -RRB- some ancient one day it is a fragile scroll , found in a cave near the Dead Sea , that turns out to be pre-Biblical ; the next day it is an entire terracotta army of Chinese the next it is a skull , excavated from the Olduvai Gorge , that compels anthropologists -LRB- once again -RRB- to revise their guesses about the earliest stages of Homo sapiens sapiens vs hominids .
Many skills and life patterns , which are key components for self-sufficiency , are formed during this period .
Let 's head off an auxiliary crisis before it happens !
After the Saudis agreed to allow U.S. armed forces to be based in the Kingdom , Bin Ladin and a number of Islamic clerics began to publicly denounce the arrangement .
Um , I read some of the same books that they had read to me , first , and then , as I got older , I just got hungry for books .
Sexually Transmitted Infections -LRB- including AIDS -RRB-
Well , as a teacher , do you see reading as something that is still important in families today ?
But there is something you can do to help .
Everything will be okay .
Do you feel like that 's a Southern thing or a NC thing , or --
The President told us his instinct was to project calm , not to have the country see an excited reaction at a moment of crisis .
As the lead pilot explained , I reverted to the Russian threat .
Around age 2 , children begin to pretend with less realistic toys , such as a block for a telephone .
In short , while leaders in Washington believed that the fighters above them had been instructed to take out hostile aircraft , the only orders actually conveyed to the pilots were to ID type and tail .
Now he comes running out from there whenever he sees Harry .
Prior to 9/11 , it was understood that an order to shoot down a commercial aircraft would have to be issued by the National Command Authority -LRB- a phrase used to describe the president and secretary of defense -RRB- .
These trainers were later heard boasting that their assistance led to the October 1993 shootdown of two U.S.
Well , one day , I sai , I was going from San Miguel , uh , to Carolina , my brother lived , my brother was the principal of that , of that school there , in Carolina .
But it was n't like Daddy 's Little Wannabe Tomboy , thing anymore , you know .
In the Roman Catholic Church , for example , women can function as acolytes -LRB- one of the minor orders of the diaconate -RRB- but may not be officially installed as acolytes .
This was later determined to have been Flight 77 .
Inevitably , some of the entries are more imaginative than others ; Dickson will have his hands full if everyone responds giving private words .
$ 1 invested in preschool education for a disadvantaged child saves $ 4.75 in later special education , welfare payments , crime , and other costs .
The hijackers attacked sometime between 8:42 and 8:46 .
There were various whimsical variants .
Since that time , the financial burden of a college education has been lessened for many deserving students .
But my main object in choosing the passage was to illustrate the way in which Shakespeare could move from the literal to the metaphorical or metaphysical in his use of a legal term .
Computer-assisted marker-making can offer large savings with basic garments , like men 's pants or women 's intimate apparel , which may be manufactured repeatedly over several years .
This , in turn , suggests that firms with more of the key technologies in place will have total inventories that are less volatile .
I guess I want to say that it 's been a real positive experience living here , because my , my mother really wants to move back up north because that 's where she 's from .
They , too , can read and write , of course , but their solecisms , barbarisms , and vulgarisms call for rebuke , and what better rebuke than to treat them as if they did not belong at all ` to condemn them figuratively to the outer darkness of the unlettered ?
And it , it kind of makes me feel bad .
And they had to take him to a hospital right .
More generally , feminists reveal and question implied norms in language and hence in our consciousness , ranging from the application form 's unmarried which suggests that marriage is the normal state -LRB- as parents of twins imply double births expected , referring to non-twins as singletons -RRB- to more complex issues , such as those associated with terms like masculine and feminine . Anomalies in language become evidence .
Power in the form of electricity , water ` especially if items like jeans are to be washed ` and a phone are about all that is required .
Um , I like this area a whole lot and it 's , it 's growing so much and I just want to be near my family so I can take care of them whenever they get older .
She further indicated that the hijackers were not aware of her phone call , and that they had put all the passengers in the back of the plane .
I liked that part .
The last two items merit comment .
It would be so damn foggy you could not see the yellow line on that divided highway in front of you and we to turn left out onto this highway .
Increasingly , analysts and public policy makers discuss trade issue in terms of the emergence of a significant and growing inequality in compensation between production and nonsupervisory workers , on the one hand , and managerial , supervisory , or exempt employees and professionals on the other .
They lived across the street from us in PA. .
Simply doing business with lean retailers in no way confers competitive success .
Although no single retailer pioneered or adopted all the innovations that compose lean retailing , we focus here on those in three segments ` mass merchants , national chains , and departments stores ` that played important roles in initiating the larger transformation .
Please RSVP to Tammy Jackson by Tuesday , November 2 , 1999 at 264-7555 , ext. .
We look forward to seeing you at our annual recognition event Space is limited .
Black and white yeah .
Did you write this ?
When parents do make an eort , preschoolers watch less TV , find educational programs more appealing , and more often view shows with their parents .
Why would n't you want to stay on Charlotte ?
Fadl resented receiving a salary of only $ 500 a month while some of the Egyptians in al Qaeda were given $ 1,200 a month .
Indeed , no clear dividing line exists between prereading and reading .
I mean I 'm sure I have read I just ca n't even remember what , Dr. Zhivago , I read that .
The Vice President recalled being told , just after his arrival , that the Air Force was trying to establish a combat air patrol over Washington .
Nothing at all !
The first President Bush had authorized the use of U.S. military forces to ensure humanitarian relief in war-torn Somalia .
joint facility in Riyadh for training the Saudi National Guard .
Yiddish never apologizes for what it is ` the earthy , wise soul of an expressive people learning that life is but a mingled yarn , good and ill together .
You will soon receive information from the Alumni Association with the details .
Since that time , the financial burden of a college education has been lessened for many deserving students .
This year 's Annual Appeal goal is $ 65,000 .
But unprofitable heavy industry , state monopolies , and opaque bureaucracies slowly stifled growth .
Best of all , probably , was the unintentional but unavoidable hilarity roused by Hattie McDaniels , Butterfly McQueen , and Vivien Leigh as they jabbered and squeaked in Japanese about Ashley Wilkes , Mista Rhett , and the fall of Atlanta .
The creation of a national highway system in the 1950s further fostered the development of mass retailing by opening vast new spaces in suburban malls .
We can not identify whose voices can be heard .
Clarke reported that they were asking the President for authority to shoot down aircraft .
Children are back in their classrooms enjoying the fun of renewing friendships and activities interrupted by summer vacation .
At 9:21 , NEADS received a report from the Military , Boston Center .
In the course of a long night , two Black Hawk helicopters were shot down , 73 Americans were wounded , 18 were killed , and the world 's television screens showed images of an American corpse dragged through the streets by exultant Somalis .
Short leaves of 6 weeks or less -LRB- the norm in the United States -RRB- were linked to maternal anxiety and depression and negative interactions with babies .
And like the autobiographical and everyday narratives that adults generate , children 's narratives increasingly focus on people 's internal states ` their desires , feelings , and She wanted it so much or I felt bad .
At 9:27 , after having been in the air for 45 minutes , United 93 acknowledged a transmission from the Cleveland Center controller .
Make-believe roles are not equally pleasurable'a feature of cooperation that is as true in everyday life as it is in fantasy play .
Poking and prodding at contemporary speech and writing , feminists condemn the use of a term identified with one sex or gender to designate all humanity .
I wo n't tell .
At the end of 1979 , the Soviet government sent in military units to ensure that the country would remain securely under Moscow 's influence .
To change the size of the item to be cut , the die must be removed and a new one installed .
The screener should have resolved what set off the alarm ; and in the case of both Moqed and Hazmi , it was clear that he did not .
Machines are laid out in a manner that speeds up shuttling a bin of garment bundles from operator to operator .
Knit fleece goods are commonly joined by a seaming operation called over-edging in the factory -LRB- and overlocking sewing in home use -RRB- .
Walked through her bedroom around 6:30 , seven o'clock in the morning you know .
Apparel items at the very top of this triangle include dresses from Paris , Milan , and New York runways , which represent a very small share of apparel sold .
Look , the sun is sleepy , going to bed , said 21/2 - year-old David while watching the sun disappear below the horizon at the end of a day at the beach .
I liked that part .
Allah is the greatest .
We really do appreciate your efforts , whatever amount you can contribute .
Yet once their children are beyond their grasp , they are hardly o the hook !
Do not sit this one out .
But it was a bunch of wild and crazy stories .
What did it look like ?
Hmm , well , I had some teachers that were really , um , influential about what I read and their love for literature .
And it , it kind of makes me feel bad .
The Vice President recalled being told , just after his arrival , that the Air Force was trying to establish a combat air patrol over Washington .
After our caseworkers meet with these families and their children they often find they lack even the basic necessities such as cooking utensils , beds , cleaning supplies , etc. .
-LRB- I have often wondered why the publishers did not have the nerve to call themselves F ** k and Wagnalls .
This joint attention to objects and events fosters early language development .
O brave new world , / That has such people in ` t.
Simply fill out the enclosed card , and we will see you at the Grill !
I sat soaking at about 100F , while an exuberant gentleman on my left , who was wearing his washcloth draped over his head , gave me his four words of New York , Broadway , Niagara Falls , Grand Canyon . The real cultural joy , however , lay in just immersing myself in this aura , evoking Dante and 8 ?? , and watching the occupants through the steamy haze as they lathered , rinsed , and squatted on little plastic stools to shave before low-hung misted mirrors against the walls ` all this before I slap-slapped back to my room to enjoy dinner on the floor .
Five minutes later , the Command Center forwarded this update to Command O.K.
And it 's my understanding they 've already taken a couple of aircraft out .
What did you choose ?
Men of your caliber are hard to find .
Yet the income gap in free time is not large ; financially well-o individuals average only 2 to 4 hours a week less free time than do their less economically advantaged counterparts .
Where , where are you working now ?
United 93 was spotted by another aircraft , and , at 10:01 , the Command Center advised FAA headquarters that one of the aircraft had seen United 93 waving his wings .
Thirty-one privately-funded scholarships totaling $ 82.000 awarded to students annually
The lowing herd -LRB- Onomatoplazia -RRB- wound slowly in the first verse of Elegy in a Country Churchyard , by Thomas Gray , not Oliver Goldsmith .
Here was the proof .
We use terms like Neanderthal Man , Peking Man , etc. , without believing for a moment that there were no Neanderthal or Peking women -LRB- leaving aside Peking Toms -RRB- .
It was passed from here through the -LSB- operations -RSB- center at the White House , from the -LSB- shelter -RSB- .
Yet the train trip across the country she will take at age 31/2 and her first day of kindergarten at age 5 may still be memorable when she is 80 .
But via a network that allows contractors access , manufacturers ' headquarters can make sure that the information available is the most recent and complete .
What is counterproductive is the notion that speakers of a language have to recognize semantic they do n't recognize it , they create it .
In practice , however , retail inventory management is fraught with challenges , such as long and uncertain order-fulfillment lead times , and errors in product identification and record keeping .
I 've done horrible , let 's just say horrible really , really bad .
Well thank you so much for letting me interview you .
Without those conversations , this level of insight is slow to develop .
I think uh-oh 200 pounds of mush going to be laying on the floor , I 'll never get him up you know .
Monsters have had starring roles in SF from its early years .
Many of the thirsty crowd were veterans , as were many of the bartenders .
So when I graduate , more than likely I 'll move to Boston , but Charlotte has definitely been a nice place to live .
It ca n't hurt you .
With its roots in Taylorism , each PBS task is given a target time or SAM -LRB- Standard Allocated Minutes -RRB- .
Bin Ladin went initially to Jalalabad , probably because it was in an area controlled by a provincial council of Islamic leaders who were not major contenders for national power .
How old are you talking about ?
As it began , some of the hijackers-most likely Wail al Shehri and Waleed al Shehri , who were seated in row 2 in first class-stabbed the two unarmed flight attendants who would have been preparing for cabin service .
Um , she pretty much showed a lot of disinterest at best and , and outright hostility at worst towards my mom until we the kids came along .
As a male reader , I get strong vibrations from this book that the authors advocate the paranoid view that everything in the language that is not exactly as they would like it to be is the result of a gigantic hate program against women .
And although the wages of nonsupervisory workers in retail have been and still are quite low ,9 the compensation system for buyers provided substantial rewards for favorable results .
How can the definers be sure we will know without being told that a man-about-town is never a woman ?
Um , also a pothead , but not really so consumed with it necessarily .
The guidance for Wherley was to send up the aircraft , with orders to protect the White House and take out any aircraft that threatened the Capitol .
Please send your most generous gift today .
Both the mission commander and the senior weapons director indicated they did not pass the order to the fighters circling Washington and New York because they were unsure how the pilots would , or should , proceed with this guidance .
Not really original , no , it was , uh , poems by well-known authors that you 'd find in a book , but she had to memorize a lot of them , and she , but she read us children 's poems , too , out of books , books that were written for children .
Blaring sirens and horrendous crime .
Is there anything else you want to -- ?
So if there are something interesting or something worried , please give me a call at any time .
With over 18 years experience , we have found that many conflicts between young people are rooted in attitudes and prejudices that exclude and target individuals and groups .
' However , similar expressions in French , Spanish , and Judezmo , all mentioning numbers , give pause -LRB- they are listed in Jewish Language Review 7 , 1987 , p.
But I do got a 100 dollars .
I always had to get up early , milk the cows , and , uh , run , run them , as we say , because it 's a , to the pastures , until times got pretty bad , and one day , I sent my daughter to , to the pasture to bring in the cows .
To save this precious , historical land from developers , Audubon worked with a local bank and purchased this land for preservation .
How about when you were in school ?
-LRB- I have often wondered why the publishers did not have the nerve to call themselves F ** k and Wagnalls .
The decreasing lead time of the quick-line plant makes it competitive at a lower inventory carrying cost .
Although a seemingly mundane , tactical aspect of business , a firm 's inventory strategy reflects its approach to managing risk .
It 's a faith that has made brothers and sisters of every race .
Pakistani intelligence officers reportedly introduced Bin Ladin to Taliban leaders in Kandahar , their main base of power , to aid his reassertion of control over camps near
Um , what do you remember any stories they told you , your parents told you ?
Granddad had seen something one night .
When Hart , Schaffner , and Marx , for instance , opened its doors in 1879 , only 40 percent of men 's suits were ready-made .
she said , I mean , a huge group !
In general , the definitions in W have been clarified , simplified , and made more precise in L . Also , the citations in W have either been omitted , where unnecessary , or paraphrased , and sources are not given .
To be fair , M and S also criticize identifications -LRB- mainly from news stories -RRB- of women as mother of five and other gratuitous characterizations that are not only irrelevant to the item 's newsworthiness but are rarely offered about men .
Is he your favorite superhero ?
When was the last time you stopped at IUPUI since you graduated ?
There is a bomb on board and are going back to the airport , and to have our demands -LSB- unintelligible -RSB- .
In make-believe , Alison experimented with the first step of this multistep process when she melded news of the train crash in India with the toy ambulance before her .
This can lead to a condition called imprinting , where the baby grows up thinking it is a people instead of a duck .
I might add that a gift of $ 400 qualifies you for recognition in the School of Liberal Arts Dean 's Council , a critical group of supporters whose generosity does a lot to advance the calibre of the School .
I ca n't think of anything , but it 's been nice chatting with you .
They have the potential to shape our world and make important decisions that will affect us all .
I fact , I took you to Louisa May Alcott 's home in Massachusetts , and we , ah , umm -- .
The knitting machine produces cloth as the loom does but uses a different method .
Lexicographers constantly face problems of defining terms that , in some instances , might require a brief essay to explain and far more specialized knowledge than can reasonably be expected from the user .
Although self-regulation improves gradually throughout childhood and adolescence , early childhood is a crucial period for its development ' a time when children learn to overcome impulses by thinking before they act .
NEADS reported to the Continental U.S.
Seizing on symbols of Islam 's past greatness , he promises to restore pride to people who consider themselves the victims of successive foreign masters .
A decade of conflict in Afghanistan , from 1979 to 1989 , gave Islamist extremists a rallying point and training field .
President Reagan quickly withdrew U.S. forces from Lebanon-a reversal later routinely cited by jihadists as evidence of U.S. weakness .
And , and years later we ended up living in the place where that took place and the , uh , and it was not something that was , uh , not a subject that people liked to talk about because many of the people in town knew the young man who was charged with that murder .
They , they definitely had a lot of pride in , in the appearance of the studio and how well it was maintained , which was nice .
An Army special force launched a raid on Mogadishu to capture him .
I love them all to death , but what they do , does n't like reflect who I am --
And as you do so , Girl Scouts from all over the Hoosier Capital Council invite you to test your knowledge of the crucial services funded through Annual Appeal dollars .
The most important lesson we can take from Miller 's provocative findings is that when parents and teachers take time to construct narratives with and about the young child , they create a zone that spurs children to weave moral and social rules into their self-definitions and to behave accordingly .
Such a short-cycle production system adds to the cost of customized apparel .
Tell me about Batman .
Push them back .
Some time later , I got still another version of MUSKRAT RAMBLE , with still another version of the title .
In the absence of information that the crash was anything other than an accident , the White House staff monitored the news as they went ahead with their regular schedules .
The video footage indicates that he was carrying an unidentified item in his back pocket , clipped to its rim .
No it was gas because you washed your legs all over because you did it in shorts .
The first President Bush had authorized the use of U.S. military forces to ensure humanitarian relief in war-torn Somalia .
It 's one of the Little Golden ?
At the dawn of a new millennium , a fresh set of theories of child development has blossomed .
The recurrent motif of time travel came to the fore in H.G.
I have enclosed a membership application for your use or you can call us at -LRB-800-RRB-749-2257 to join today .
What we are able to accomplish each year is a direct result of your generosity and your understanding of what it takes to provide the best legal education we possibly can .
Yeah on some of the songs yeah .
Because teaching a man to fish will keep him fed for his entire life .
The message , again , that I get from the story , for me personally , was that there would always be a special connection between me and God , and actually was just another of the ways my grandmother put for me to learn , or believe , that I could do anything , I could be anything , because I had a special connection and special protection , um , from not only her , which was more important for me at the time .
Prior to 9/11 , it was understood that an order to shoot down a commercial aircraft would have to be issued by the National Command Authority -LRB- a phrase used to describe the president and secretary of defense -RRB- .
Through the use of its own proprietary standard , Wal-Mart gathered and exchanged information among its stores , distribution centers , and the main office in Bentonville , Arkansas , to monitor sales , place orders based on those sales , track shipments to the distribution centers , and coordinate the flow of materials and information throughout the system .
In 1998 , Iraq was under intensifying U.S. pressure , which culminated in a series of large air attacks in December .
Cancel , and tear to pieces , that great bond Which keeps me pale !
So , early that morning , that afternoon , I came down from San Miguel , and I told him , I 'm going to go .
A valuable seven-week course called COPES -LSB- Community Orientation for Expatriate Spouses -RSB- introduces the non-employed spouse to day-to-day life and opportunities in central Indiana .
FAA personnel at both Reagan National and Dulles airports notified the Secret Service .
We broke new ground by using information technology to manage our business together , instead of just to audit it .
Um , do you have a , one of those types of stories ?
The operation was carried out principally , perhaps exclusively , by Saudi Hezbollah , an organization that had received support from the government of Iran .
But only four editors for such a massive work ?
A common approach is to forecast by analogy , using data for similar products that have been on the market previously .
These are artists who are either emerging as leaders in their fields or who have already become well known .
These include impacts on its revenues -LRB- prices and sales -RRB- , cost structures , and profitability .
An odd sidelight on this came a few days after reading the article .
L uses a version of what I call the Moo Goo Gai Pan or Ah-oo-gah system , favored by newspapers because , though primitive , it is virtually unlike the W system , which requires even a casual user to deal with distinctions between a ?? , \ ? \ , ? $ and a \ ?
Please include the enclosed form with your contribution .
I was under the impression it was based on Webster 's Ninth Collegiate Dictionary , and indeed it was ; but there are so many improvements and changes that the absence both of a Longman copyright notice and of any identification of a specific editorial director are a bit mysterious .
It places a high value on success with such things .
... -LSB- I -RSB- n my mind they were competing venues for command and control and decisionmaking .
Please help Goodwill and help people find jobs .
Therefore , this year 's annual operating campaign for the Herron School of Art and Gallery is focusing on the need for funds to help maintain the facility and our programs .
Under L , entries include Latin/Greek , defined by Aphra Behn , cited in Dale Spender 's book , as ` Secret codes supplied through an education traditionally denied women .
\ \ And you 'll stay here ?
It is useful to outline the ordering and manufacturing processes on a weekly basis to see how this manufacturer 's inventory policies might differ for the two different sizes .
To achieve the 90 percent cloth utilization typical of this kind of production , one needs to combine six pairs of pants into one marker .
She then told of the stabbings of the two flight attendants .
Recently a project ' arose that should be interesting to you as a former student who struggled to clear the financial hurdle of education .
What 's your favorite ?
Do you read Dr. Seuss ?
Instead , children are active agents , contributing to the creation of their own thought processes by collaborating with more experienced cultural members in meaningful activities .
And he said , Ma'am , he said , what did the guerrillas that were there eating do with themselves ?
All the hijackers had assigned seats in first class , and they seem to have used them .
We learned all of those and the fairy tales , the classics , she read all of those to us .
Vygotsky 's theory has been the wellspring of our recent appreciation of the profoundly social nature of even very young children 's imaginative play'and its wide-ranging infiuence on cognitive and social development .
We arrived , at my brother 's , and Cristobal , with the livestock and the rest , still had n't arrived .
bar code Not the ethics of the legal profession nor the law that interferes with the corner conviviality , but the small rectangle of stripes -LRB- bars -RRB- on store merchandise that provides coded pricing and inventory information to electronic scanners .
In any case , on May 19 , 1996 , Bin Ladin left Sudan-significantly weakened , despite his ambitions and organizational skills .
I think she must have enjoyed it because she read them to us too .
So it 's , it 's written , as opposed to oral ?
Witness the following conclusion by a researcher who compared American with Japanese infant rearing An American mother-infant relationship consists of two individuals ... a Japanese mother-infant relationship consists of only one individual , i.e. , mother and infant are not divided .
It is a contraction of gung-yeh ho-dzo , ` industrial cooperation , ` and it caught on because it is easy to pronounce , as in ` Nam or the States . ` Nam by itself is no more derogatory or misleading than shortening airplane or telephone or gung-ho .
If the average American uses from three to five thousand different words each day , the chances are everybody in this country will use three or more Texican words .
Well that window happened to be through her room , so I just kind of walked on through the room and she looked up at me and I said , Good morning , and she just screamed .
Well , who told you that story ?
Consider , for example , a 9-month-old infant who has never before seen a jack-in-the-box .
The screener should have resolved what set off the alarm ; and in the case of both Moqed and Hazmi , it was clear that he did not .
If you have any questions , please feel free to give us a call at 638-3360 .
We are also organizing an IU Periodontal Alumni Association that we discussed in Dallas .
We count on your continuing interest in Sudden Infant Death Syndrome , the SIDS Alliance and our programs .
Has that directive been transmitted to the aircraft ?
Center staff assists with the housing search , school decisions , drivers ' licenses , leisure time activities , and daycare .
As a participant in the Chancellor 's Circle or Chancellor 's Associates , you will receive reports from Jerry Bepko on how he puts your gifts to work .
But not every kid is as lucky as Nick .
The baby has learned that only when he is distraught will the parent reliably come to his aid .
Information systems at apparel factories were primitive .
At 8:41 , Sweeney told Woodward that passengers in coach were under the impression that there was a routine medical emergency in first class .
In their description of isoglosses , they
Please consider joining the Chairman 's Roundtable with a gift of $ 1,000 .
Is there a favorite story or storybook or anything that you had when you were little that somebody read to you ?
Among infiuential explanations of why preschoolers are so drawn to pretending , Freud 's psychoanalytic theory and Piaget 's cognitive theory held sway for much of the twentieth century .
They 're actually both teachers .
Bin Ladin had to tell the Libyans who had been part of his Islamic army that he could no longer protect them and that they had to leave the country .
At 9:21 , NEADS received a report from the Military , Boston Center .
United Way 's impact begins with research that helps answer important
The knife and motor are supported above the base plate by a frame .
One of our volunteers will be contacting you soon .
He could attract , train , and use recruits for ever more ambitious attacks , rallying new adherents with each demonstration that his was the movement of the future .
Make checks payable to Indiana University Foundation .
Please , consider renewing your support of these great kids today .
The independence Cameron gives Urban is phenomenal .
Two of them told me yesterday that as a group they decided they had to earn the right to ask others for help by accomplishing something real to help themselves .
Kmart became the first major nonfood retailer to employ them as a means of tracking inventory in the early 1980s , several years before Walton made this technology a core building block of his distribution system .
By investing in the community through this partnership , you can help more than 220,000 people in central Indiana next year .
This simple fact of sewing makes it very difficult to automate the process .
I was four years old at the time .
In all of these instances , the job of the controller was to reach out to the aircraft , the parent company of the aircraft , and other planes in the vicinity in an attempt to reestablish communications and set the aircraft back on course .
The passengers continued their assault and at 10:02:23 , a hijacker said , Pull it down !
For example , with a $ 5 biweekly or $ 10 monthly contributon , a person can be a Century Club member .
Recently I found in one of those files in which for many years I have been systematically losing things a magazine clipping from many years ago which points out that the formal language of a century and more past can lead to misunderstandings today .
At 8:26 , Ong reported that the plane was flying erratically .
It is regrettable that Lederer uses the word corruption -LRB- p.
Monsters have had starring roles in SF from its early years .
In doing so , they invite children to judge the appropriateness of their requirements .
As with many new technologies that have developed since the 1970s , adoption of innovative equipment is still occurring in fits and starts and depends on a given firm 's size and mix of products .
Last year , you gave us a contribution of $ xx , for which we , and the people you helped , are grateful .
United Way 's impact begins with research that helps answer important
Chapters 8 through 10 focus on the apparel industry ; Chapters 11 and 12 look at textiles .
Jarrah was in seat 1B , closest to the cockpit ; Nami was in 3C , Ghamdi in 3D , and Haznawi in 6B .
Laying out a production line required exact calculation of the number of workers required for a given step to keep single garments moving through the operation continuously ` much as a car moves down an assembly line .
As a result , she acquires reasoning skills and can take initiative when faced with future problems .
Traditionally , a new apparel design was created by asking the designer/artist to make a watercolor sketch .
He then discovered , to his surprise , that the Langley fighters were not headed north toward the Baltimore area as instructed , but east over the ocean .
Once inside , Vice President Cheney and the agents paused in an area of the tunnel that had a secure phone , a bench , and television .
NEADS decided to keep the Otis fighters over New York .
At 7:18 , Mihdhar and Moqed entered the security checkpoint .
Obviously , I could not say much .
Nevertheless , mental representation is yet another feature that is not exclusive to play .
Today , Bodenheim 's novel might be of interest to students of the English language because of its use of slang .
Miller describes the generally high self-control the Chinese children in these families displayed ` listening attentively to elders and complying without reminders .
We do this through a wide range of programs including community - based , therapeutic foster care , group homes and our treatment center .
Between these is an occasional flash of useful wisdom , much of it pretty well covered by other books of this type -LRB- which seem to be proliferating -RRB- .
So you feel like it 's a southern thing ?
In parallel with the roots of onomatopoeia -LRB- onoma ` name ' + poiein ` to make or do ' -RRB- I have christened the effect onoma again + pladzein ` to mislead or deceive .
Here was the proof .
Second , he warned that more people , including Muslims , were attracted to jahiliyya and its material comforts than to his view of Islam ; jahiliyya could therefore triumph over Islam .
He learned in the tunnel that the Pentagon had been hit , and he saw television coverage of smoke coming from the building .
At 9:21 , NEADS received a report from the Military , Boston Center .
Many of the popular accounts of quick response , rapid replenishment , and supply-chain management assume that all parties ` consumers , retailers , and suppliers ` win as a result of these policies .
You wrote this out all by yourself .
Still there is great need , especially in the way of endowed scholarships .
The Annual Appeal is one of two Girl Scout initiatives you will hear about in 1996 .
Traditionally , a new apparel design was created by asking the designer/artist to make a watercolor sketch .
W follows the -LRB- useful -RRB- practice of listing a shortened pronunciation key on each right-hand page ; L 's failure to do so is a disadvantage , notwithstanding the simplicity of their system , for the user must ferret about to find the description given on page xxii to clarify any question .
Anybody who asks Why a brass monkey ?
They claimed they had a bomb .
And how was growing up in Charlotte ?
You and I , gentle reader , are accredited members of the guild .
It is basically composed of 29 percent Anglo-Saxon and 60 percent Romance -LRB- including Latin and Greek -RRB- words .
And the lion ate him .
Then the next day I do n't know if you were n't there .
I collected , in northeastern Colorado , a very large -LRB- ca. 1 inch -RRB- species of robber fly -LRB- family Asilidae -RRB- .
South Asia had an indigenous form of Islamic fundamentalism , which had developed in the nineteenth century at a school in the Indian village of Deoband .
They 're actually both teachers .
Moreover , significant increases in state financial support for public higher education are extremely unlikely during the remainder of this decade .
I have seen a calendar -LRB- Workman Publishing Co. , New York -RRB- which defined it as personal magnetism and charm , and said , Given today 's extensive TV coverage , political candidates need duende if they hope to be accepted by the public .
Men and women struggling with addictions find healing , forgiveness and the chance to make a new start in life ... families living from paycheck to paycheck find comfort , food and emergency assistance ... and underprivileged children have the opportunity to eat well-balanced meals and participate in special activities .
Come in , please !
At the end of 1979 , the Soviet government sent in military units to ensure that the country would remain securely under Moscow 's influence .
That 's best thing , that 's the best play right now .
The computer can watercolor the sketch and produce the storyboard for presentation .
Consider a series of studies that examined length of maternity leave in relation to employed mothers ' psychological well-being and parenting behaviors .
At the same time , the Sudanese regime began to change .
The reasons are technical , arising from the way the software processed radar information , as well as from poor primary radar coverage where American 77 was flying .
What the Sewing Operator Does
A carpenter .
Texas has contributed a few good words to the English language without any help from Spanish or Mexican .
We were very proud that our class stepped up and made a difference for young deserving students - just like we were 20 years ago back in 1980 !
' Keep Indianapolis Beautiful helps us do this by providing us opportunities to work with outstanding people in our community .
Hand guns of the fourteenth century were equipped with touchholes ; in order to discharge such a weapon it was necessary to touch it with a torch .
One of the most significant changes in retail inventory management in recent years has been the introduction of vendor-managed inventory ? -LRB- VMI -RRB- programs , also known as Continuous Replenishment Programs -LRB- CRP -RRB- or Continuous Product Replenishment -LRB- CPR -RRB- .
Enclosed is information that describes this program , as well as our community education initiatives in over 20 American Indian Nation .
The hijacking began between 8:51 and 8:54 .
At 9:32 , a third radio transmission came over the Keep remaining sitting .
It was a series of little fiction stories , and my mother must have read me every single one of them .
Your gift will help us reach our immediate goal of awarding at least one scholarship to a student for the fall semester of 1993 , and our long-term goal of awarding several $ 5,000 scholarships each year .
` If it were not for the services they provide us , we older persons would not be able to get around to do our business , such as visits to doctors , grocery and drug stores .
And what can be done to ameliorate sweatshop conditions in developing countries that produce and export half of the apparel purchased in this country ?
Anything else ?
-LRB- Bearing-Gould , a compulsive writer , was a man of Victorian delicacy .
He wants a lollipop , too !
The Geographic Education Network of Indiana , Inc. -LRB- GENI -RRB- manages the statewide project from the IUPUI Geography Department .
Under the leadership of Dean H. William Gilmore , the school has identified student support and technological infrastructure as the greatest needs in this year 's annual fund appeal .
They 're moving everybody out of the way .
W has illustrations -LRB- better than those in the Third Unabridged -RRB- ; L has none , but it must be noted that other British dictionaries lack them also , so L need not have included them purely for competitive reasons in the main market it is intended to serve .
Finally , it might be worth mentioning that the program has the capacity to store in a temporary memory buffer about 100 words -LRB- proper names , for instance -RRB- that it has identified as not stored in its dictionary .
Also , if you enter jump , you get the synonyms for that ; but if you enter jumped , you get the -LRB- same -RRB- synonyms but inflected ` including the variants leapt , leaped for leap . All in all , for a relatively primitive system , it is not too bad ; but you would have to be in love with your computer to use it in preference to a far more complete books of synonyms available -LRB- especially The Synonym Finder , Rodale in the U.S. and Canada , Longman elsewhere , which offers more than 800,000 synonyms , more than three times the number listed in any other synonym book -RRB- .
She had a washing machine but not , not a dryer so all the laundry get , got put hung out on the clothesline .
It took somebody like Slater ` an indentured apprentice for over six years at the Arkwright and Strut 's plant in Milford , England ` to ferry the plans to America .
Yeah , he 's down .
It is many years since my contemporaries and I got a kick out of seeing even the bowdlerized f ** k in print -LRB- in Partridge 's Dictionary of Slang and Unconventional English , 1935 -RRB- , and fug in Mailer 's The Naked and the Dead allowed prudery to mock itself .
At 7:15 , a pair of them , Khalid al Mihdhar and Majed Moqed , checked in at the American Airlines ticket counter for Flight 77 , bound for Los Angeles .
The Grill will feature enough activities that you and your kids will have a tough time deciding what to do .
So , I 'm kind of like the hope , I guess .
Please support our 1996 United Way campaign .
The colors of the blouse can be changed with a few computer steps .
Before she died and she crashed on that curve .
Well that was for Dad .
Al Qaeda 's role in organizing terrorist operations had also changed .
The funds go directly to the students ' tuition .
Britain and North America are not only literate , but dictionarate .
The Audubon Nature Centers are among the most serene and pristine places on Earth .
Additionally , there is a tremendous need to upgrade the technological infrastructure of the school .
Creating and expanding opportunities for neighborhood businesses .
So please become an Audubon Society Member now !
And like the autobiographical and everyday narratives that adults generate , children 's narratives increasingly focus on people 's internal states ` their desires , feelings , and She wanted it so much or I felt bad .
This was United 175 's last communication with the ground .
It was all of those positive influences that I have to thank for opening my eyes to dentistry as a profession .
It took me really a long time to sort what was going on in my mind out , she said .
Um , as a child , what did you like most about the story , as opposed to what you would like most about it now ?
Practicing and solidifying modes of representation , Piaget emphasized , make it possible for the child to free thought from the here and now ; create larger images of reality that take into account past , present , and future ; and transform those images mentally in the service of logical thinking .
All the same , in one respect , Denis was right .
But the parent who fails to respond promptly and predictably , intervening only after the baby has become extremely agitated , teaches the infant to rise rapidly to intense distress .
Then watch your gift multiply .
Um , not really anything unusual .
Now he comes running out from there whenever he sees Harry .
Chinese speak Mandarin , Cantonese , Fukienese , Hakka , etc. , tongues often so dissimilar that verbal intercommunication is impossible .
What kind of stories ?
The surge in apparel imports in the 1980s came from low-wage countries , primarily the Asian Big Four ` the People 's Republic of China , Hong Kong , Taiwan , and Korea .
What are those stories ?
Who can , for instance , blame a youth with but a mildly evil disposition from guffawing when he reads in Pater 's Marius The Epicurean -LRB- Chapter V -RRB- a reference to Apuleius ' The Golden Ass noting that all through the book , there is an unmistakably real feeling for asses ...
Collins allows the Scots pronunciation , but , I am sorry to report , favors the English .
The newly svelte lady surely had in mind an about-face , not a pirouette , and was lithely -LRB- as she might say -RRB- unaware that her expanded metaphor had canceled the sense of her loss -LRB- a moroxish pun ? -RRB-
Are they , like , rounded ?
Well thank you so much for letting me interview you .
We are very aware of the important role financial resources will playas we look to the future .
Although by age 4 children know that not all TV programming is real , they judge TV reality according to whether the images resemble people and objects in everyday life .
However , these are difficult times for public institutions of higher education , because legislative appropriations are either flat or in the decline .
With this letter , we are asking you to take the opportunity of the Campus Campaign to consider how you can help IUPUI be what you want it to be .
Uh , let 's see .
We are going back to the airport .
Nevertheless , mental representation is yet another feature that is not exclusive to play .
I was four years old at the time .
Exercises were conducted to counter this threat , but they were not based on actual intelligence .
The publisher sent unrevised bound proofs from which this review was prepared ; unfortunately , there was no proof of an index , but the publisher has assured me that there will be one in the published book , a rather essential ingredient of a work with this title .
What are those stories ?
They , they definitely had a lot of pride in , in the appearance of the studio and how well it was maintained , which was nice .
And I 'm gon na take the fighters from Otis , try to chase this guy down if I can find him .
It is specifically a dictionary of Scots , or Lallans , which some scholars consider merely a dialect of English and others a distinct language rooted in Old English .
All of this is possible because we are a statewide member network .
Before 9/11 , it was not unheard of for a commercial aircraft to deviate slightly from its course , or for an FAA controller to lose radio contact with a pilot for a short period of time .
Last year , Goodwill helped 3,300 people find jobs that increased their self-sufficiency .
And we do n't waste money .
Bin Ladin had an important part in this activity .
Make checks payable to Indiana University Foundation .
We have the chance to shape the future of IUPUI by what we choose to do here .
I got somebody who keeps coasting but it looks like he 's going into one of the small airports down there .
When Sydney experiments with the color-matching strategy and succeeds in placing the brown piece , she internalizes the technique .
The duty officer replied that security personnel at headquarters had just begun discussing the apparent hijack on a conference call with the New England regional office .
There was confusion at that moment in the FAA .
... You got a conflict on that direction ?
Parents trying to make their way through these opposing theories , and their attendant advice about child-rearing and educational practice , are likely to find themselves in a dim forest , without a discernible trail blazed before them .
First Grade .
American Airlines dispatchers also tried , without success .
It 's hard enough for her to make good decisions when she 's surrounded by support .
The L was based on the W , but a comparison , albeit superficial , reveals a number of differences , to
In recent decades , certain changes have taken place in the language that reflect voluntary choices of the words used to characterize people ; these have focused largely on the conscious and conscientious substitution of neutral , sexless words like individual -LRB- s -RRB- , person , and people for terms that normally denote only males .
We have provided throughout the years quality legal education , and we are continuing to improve .
Other development applications allow designers to begin with an actual garment and make appropriate changes to achieve the desired design or construction modifications .
Um , yes y' all need to include that picture with my little dysentery here , uh disinter , I guess it is .
But only four editors for such a massive work ?
It carried its full capacity of nine flight attendants .
What color is it ?
Not long afterward , senior al Qaeda operatives and trainers traveled to Iran to receive training in explosives .
In play , Alison thinks about paint colors , which need not be the color of her real room .
We do not have to differentiate between military or civilian .
Are you reading things ?
I read a lot of other authors that were n't , were n't as good writers but also had interesting ideas .
Although new work practices are evolving in the apparel industry , many workers still specialize in one operation or at most two .
And there are a lot of people who face these challenges every day of their lives .
The Taliban leader Mullah Omar promptly invited Bin Ladin to move to Kandahar , ostensibly in the interests of Bin Ladin 's own security but more likely to situate him where he might be easier to control .
So I guess they went that far .
The Encyclopedia of Indianapolis is progressing well .
Human Resources and Productivity Growth
Pleasant Run cares for at-risk children and families .
The account description written in 1971 for the Ralph E. McDonald/Pedodontic Fund states Expenditures of the fund shall be approved by the fund committee of six .
And like the autobiographical and everyday narratives that adults generate , children 's narratives increasingly focus on people 's internal states ` their desires , feelings , and She wanted it so much or I felt bad .
It can certainly make happy holiday memories .
This retailer launched its Web site in 1995 , the first major apparel retailer to do so .
Thank you in advance for your contribution and interest in dental hygiene education .
Yes , I understand .
It was winter and bitterly cold .
However , we recognize that gifts at the Maennerchor Society level are not possible for all .
A snowboard -- .
An arresting one occurs in A Passage to India -LRB- Chapter XXI -RRB- in which Forster describes a small building as a flimsy and frivolous erection , while in The Mayor of Casterbridge -LRB- Chapter XVI -RRB- the Mayor himself beheld the unattractive exterior of Farfrae 's erection .
It does not take a too-wicked mind to read into such terms meanings of a lewd nature .
OK , and your age ?
\ \ How \ \ , how come ?
At 9:03:11 , United Airlines Flight 175 struck the South Tower of the World Trade Center .
Of course it ca n't be published because all those things are copyrighted , but my mother made up the story and I thought it was very nice and I still have it , uh , handwritten , uh , in our file here .
The paradox of make-believe is that in everyday life , when children subordinate actions to rules , they usually give up something they want ` instead of keeping a treasured toy all to themselves , they share it ; instead of continuing to play , they clean up ; instead of watching more TV , they go to bed .
Because he knew little about the cattle business and cared less , he never got around to branding his stock .
5 million , which did not deter Bin Ladin .
I kept them in good shape until my last 78-rpm turntable died .
He An air attack against North America may be in progress .
Everybody 's family is different .
We 're at an exciting juncture and it wo n't be long until we start seeing solid results from our efforts .
And how old are you ?
For example , sketches or photos can be draped with material of different colors and patterns .
Well , it 's yellow and orange and red .
I did n't hit nothing .
But he would indeed be feigning naivete to claim that generic man is now understood to include woman .
hordes of giggling high school girls ...
A perfume called Poison has appeared on the market .
And sometime during the third year , they can imagine objects and events with little or no support from the real world , as when they say to a play partner , I 'm calling Susie on the phone !
I look out the window and there he 's booking across the yard heading for the house .
In their testimony and in other public accounts , NORAD officials also stated that the Langley fighters were scrambled to respond to the notifications about American 77,178 United 93 , or both .
a short article about someone or something in a dictionary or encyclopedia , .
Ooh , one of my three older sisters .
She remembered poems that she had learned when she was in high school .
So he says , No , from the school up , are all guerrillas .
I 've , I 've decided and it 's very hard .
The controller knew American 11 was hijacked ; he was focused on searching for it after the aircraft disappeared at 8:46 .
Your Third Prize notwithstanding , Duncan was murdered several pages earlier .
He could have learned of this from messages being sent by United Airlines to the cockpits of its transcontinental flights , including Flight 93 , warning of cockpit intrusion and telling of the New York attacks .
And just as important , I invite you to renew your partnership with The Salvation Army by sending a contribution , once again , today .
Another commercial aircraft in the vicinity then radioed in with reports over the radio of a commuter plane hitting the World Trade Center .
Through the use of its own proprietary standard , Wal-Mart gathered and exchanged information among its stores , distribution centers , and the main office in Bentonville , Arkansas , to monitor sales , place orders based on those sales , track shipments to the distribution centers , and coordinate the flow of materials and information throughout the system .
And as our discussion in Chapter 6 will reveal , on the whole , the quality of American child care ` whether center-based or home-based ` is mediocre to abysmal .
Profitability is measured as operating profit margin ` revenue minus costs of goods sold divided by revenue .
Oh , it can lead one to a rhymed
Helen W. Power , in Women on Language ; Women in Language -LSB- XV
As for belly dancers , not only have I never heard of a male belly dancer but find the very idea more exotic than erotic .
But not every kid is as lucky as Nick .
And she told me that everyone has to be like a little child to God , and that God loves everyone just like He is their own father and they are His children , because of what they are .
Thus , while the fighter pilots under NORAD direction who had scrambled out of Langley never received any type of engagement order , the Andrews pilots were operating weapons free-a permissive rule of engagement .
Is there anything specific that , uh , you remember about your grandma ?
In 1986 , a bomb went off at a disco in Berlin , killing two American soldiers .
Using traditional sewing operations , it typically takes eight weeks to produce a coat , from the time an order is issued for cutting to the moment the finished goods are hanging in a manufacturer 's distribution center .
The words divine afflatus thus create an unforgettable image jejune like a gumdrop
Software can prevent lines from being cut twice ; it can control the touchy job of cutting the apex of wedge-shaped pieces by approaching the point from both sides of the wedge rather than attempting to cut around the tip .
Unlike the women 's industry , where style has always mattered more , relatively large men 's apparel manufacturers such as Haggar ; Hart , Schaffner , and Marx ; Fruit of the Loom ; Arrow Shirt Company ; and Hathaway Shirt emerged , seeking to capture economies of scale .
An astute mother I observed in the grocery store had her 3-year-old son , Ricky , reach for items on the shelf and put them in the cart .
The remaining 20 percent are either invented -LRB- laser , bogus , splurge -RRB- or have been borrowed from more than 200 other languages or dialects from Arabic to Zulu .
I suspect that that is precisely the song 's origin .
-- After my infant son has done one of those cute things that portend a definitely-not-ordinary childhood , my mother-in-law asks , What would Mr. -LSB- sic -RSB- Spock say ?
All The Little Monster Books , I ca n't remember what the individual names of them were but I 've read them all multiple times .
And do you feel like it was a good thing to grow up around ?
This year 20,349 girls are members of our Council .
Perhaps present water called for some stylistic celebration .
I was , and still am , captivated by Babies cry for liquor an ' the birds sing bass , and in the arrogance of my youth , I was certain that nobody else on the airfield either knew or cared who Bessie Smith was , nor would any other G.I. be enchanted by basso birds , so I turned thief .
With higher values of inventory carrying costs , it is more profitable to shift more production to the quick-line plant to allow reduction in work-in-process and finished goods inventory .
To be fair , M and S also criticize identifications -LRB- mainly from news stories -RRB- of women as mother of five and other gratuitous characterizations that are not only irrelevant to the item 's newsworthiness but are rarely offered about men .
Recently I found in one of those files in which for many years I have been systematically losing things a magazine clipping from many years ago which points out that the formal language of a century and more past can lead to misunderstandings today .
What are those stories ?
When a performer is inspired , it is said that he , or she , tiene duende -LRB- ` has it ' -RRB- .
The order must be broken down into groups of units to be worked on together .
At 9:37:46 , American Airlines Flight 77 crashed into the Pentagon , traveling at approximately 530 miles per hour .
Since Slurvian thus exists in both a Germanic language -LRB- English -RRB- and a Romance language -LRB- French -RRB- , must it not therefore follow that Slurvian has its origin in the common ancestor of both tongues , that is in the Indo-stage ?
Penney was also one of the first retailers to adopt scanner technologies .
And as I look at the last slip in my random handful , again I encounter a classificatory
The whole thing ?
A list of the schools served during the 1996-97 school year is enclosed .
Um , when you 're talking about your favorite stories , what was your favorite part of the story ?
Al Qaeda helped Jemaah Islamiya -LRB- JI -RRB- , a nascent organization headed by Indonesian Islamists with cells scattered across Malaysia , Singapore , Indonesia , and the Philippines .
A men 's trousers manufacturer in the early 1990s invested in modular production in some of its lines to reduce throughput times .
I was four years old at the time .
And in this network , Bin Ladin 's agenda stood out .
He found lodgings with Younis Khalis , the head of one of the main mujahideen factions .
On the monkey bars I used to swing up and get on top of it .
Al Qaeda also used the Afghan state-owned Ariana Airlines to courier money into the country .
Salem al Hazmi cleared the metal detector and was permitted through ; Nawaf al Hazmi set off the alarms for both the first and second metal detectors and was then hand-wanded before being passed .
Mihdhar did not trigger the alarm and was permitted through the checkpoint .
When I first began to study German it took a while to learn that Gift was not something one wanted for Christmas , and that Mist was not cool and dewy , but warm and smelly .
Are you close to your family ?
Once constructed , this persisting psychological self serves as an anchor for unique experiences , which are retained easily as long as they become personally meaningful .
The FAA cleared the airspace .
Mass customization , however , has the potential to make tailor fit at least somewhat less expensive , as new systems combine features of the efficient factory system with attention to at least a few critical customer measurements .
By the autumn of 1993 , U.S. commanders concluded that the main source of trouble was a warlord , Mohammed Farrah Aidid .
At 8:52 , in Easton , Connecticut , a man named Lee Hanson received a phone call from his son Peter , a passenger on United 175 .
Unfortunately , these are difficult times for public institutions of higher education .
Computer images can be viewed on the local area network or even put on the Internet in a secure form .
The looking-glass image of utopia -- dystopia -- has provided more numerous additions to the English lexicon .
A Treasury of the World 's Great Letters , Simon and Schuster , N.Y. , 1940 -RRB- in which he relates how he sends his native boy up a palm tree , where he cuts off a couple of vast nuts .
She told him to shut-up and get her a pack of cigarettes .
Nonsexist language is no universal antidote .
An envelope and giving card are enclosed -LRB- with checks payable to Indiana University Foundation -RRB- .
An ambulance ?
A Feminist Dictionary , edited by influential Cheris Kramarae and Paula Treichler along with Ann Russo , suggests the style and the substance of some recent feminist discourse .
This was the first of several occasions on 9/11 when flight attendants took action outside the scope of their training , which emphasized that in a hijacking , they were to communicate with the cockpit crew .
Few Americans had noticed it .
The groundwork for a true global terrorist network was being laid .
Uh , well , would you care to relate the story to me now ?
When Sydney experiments with the color-matching strategy and succeeds in placing the brown piece , she internalizes the technique .
One scholar from the fourteenth century from whom Bin Ladin selectively quotes , Ibn Taimiyyah , condemned both corrupt rulers and the clerics who failed to criticize them .
A number of developments , many linked to issues we have discussed , indicate both the potential and limitations of electronic retailing .
I , at that time I , she just called them hanks .
As Damon 's message suggests , in building an eective vision of child development and child rearing , neither the child 's inner thoughts and feelings nor the role of adult guidance can be singularly extolled or wholeheartedly ignored .
At 8:48 , while the controller was still trying to locate American 11 , a New York Center manager provided the following report on a Command Center teleconference about American 11 :
We 'd basically coasted down into town and got about 50 gallons of kerosene and pumped it in the fuel tank so that so that the fuel would actually run through the fuel lines and the bus would run .
The nuances of Vietnamese history , which Mr. Henn finds so fascinating , were as useful to the men who fought Ho Chi Minh 's military machine as the facts of the Meiji Restoration to anyone who fought the Japanese Empire in WWII .
But it is patently ridiculous to refer to someone whose sex is known as a chairperson . Chair should be reserved for the office of the chairperson , not the person holding the office .
Al Qaeda helped Jemaah Islamiya -LRB- JI -RRB- , a nascent organization headed by Indonesian Islamists with cells scattered across Malaysia , Singapore , Indonesia , and the Philippines .
She got gangrene in her foot and he said if you do n't quit smoking you 're going to lose your foot .
Hani Hanjour , Khalid al Mihdhar , and Majed Moqed were flagged by CAPPS .
In their description of isoglosses , they
It sounds like , we 're talking to New York , that there 's another one aimed at the World Trade Center .
A more convincing case for Latin studies can be made on other grounds -LRB- if the study of ANY language requires pleading -RRB- .
Did you read this story itself , yourself , when you were young , or was it first told to you by someone ?
Everyone benefits from the work we do together .
International Trade Commission , U.S. imports of textiles and apparel from China and two of the traditional Big Three Asian suppliers ` Hong Kong and Korea ` continued to decline in 1996 , when these countries together with Taiwan , accounted for 23 .
Black and white yeah .
You have a good attitude about it , though !
But even without them , he would certainly have understood that the attacks on the World Trade Center would already have unfolded , given Flight 93 's tardy departure from Newark .
Qutb argued that humans can choose only between Islam and jahiliyya .
Um , I 'll definitely be ready for the change .
I said , Well we got some / / gasoline .
Note that the work in a shirt plant is generally grouped into production lots of 1,500 shirts if the progressive bundle system is used .
After anesthesia was introduced in the U.S. in 1844 , the phrase came flguratively to mean to ` deal with a bad situation resolutely , ' as in Rudyard Kipling 's lines Bite the bullet , old man , / And do n't let them think you 're afraid .
Not until 1998 did al Qaeda undertake a major terrorist operation of its own , in large part because Bin Ladin lost his base in Sudan .
Jarrah 's objective was to crash his airliner into symbols of the American Republic , the Capitol or the White House .
As a part of this inspection and repair , a detailed map is made that locates any remaining defects ; the minimum width of the bolt is measured along with the overall length of the unstretched material .
Charles Delaney asks for further examples of onomatoplazia . Here are two which misled me for
It wo n't bother you , the cold weather and stuff ?
I did that because that 's what my dad wanted me to do .
Our programs are provided to schools at a price far below our actual cost .
How about um , your kids ?
For example , students are provided both traditional classroom education , which emphasizes legal reasoning and analysis , and extensive training in fundamental lawyering skills .
The Student American Dental Hygienist 's Association Hearty Smiles project at Riley Hospital has been successful and rewarding to the children as well as the hygiene students .
From there that was kind of frustrating me a little bit , going into , um , sessions every day or every night and having 15 people around me smoking fat blunts , drinking forties of Old English , and really not getting a whole lot of stuff done that was , it was , it was just depressing .
Cameron can find his way out of a crowded reception faster than a waiter with an empty hord d'oeuvre tray , and can locate Miyares ' van is a crowded parking lot with a simple command .
I liked those Disney World things .
Chinese , Japanese , Vietnamese , Guatemalan-Mayan , eastern Kentucky Appalachian , and many other cultural groups regard newborn infants as psychologically separate beings whose most important task is to develop an interdependent relationship with their community'an emotional and social foundation that is crucial for survival and learning .
At 9:32 , a hijacker , probably Jarrah , made or attempted to make the following announcement to the passengers of Flight 93 : Ladies and Here the captain , please sit down keep remaining sitting .
Not any stories that she used to tell .
The popularity of casual-wear items like T-shirts and jeans ` quintessentially factory-sewn garments ` has also shifted sewing from home to the factory .
Have you ever read any books from foreign authors ?
However , the simultaneous loss of radio and transponder signal would be a rare and alarming occurrence , and would normally indicate a catastrophic system failure or an aircraft crash .
Please show your support and make a gift .
His primary concern was ensuring that the pilots had a clear understanding of their rules of engagement .
As we come to a close of our fiscal year , would you please help us again ?
Get your hand off my knee .
They , too , can read and write , of course , but their solecisms , barbarisms , and vulgarisms call for rebuke , and what better rebuke than to treat them as if they did not belong at all ` to condemn them figuratively to the outer darkness of the unlettered ?
What has your support of our campers meant to them and what have they been able to accomplish because you care ?
At 9:00 , American Airlines Executive Vice President Gerard Arpey learned that communications had been lost with American 77 .
Counting definitions is a start .
Although research is beginning to provide answers regarding factors that may increase the risk for SIDS and suggest actions parents can take to reduce the risks , these measures will not save all babies .
In August 1996 , Bin Ladin had issued his own self-styled fatwa calling on Muslims to drive American soldiers out of Saudi Arabia .
They would rather me stay in Nursing because they know that 's where my heart is but , um , you know , they 're behind me in whatever I decide to do .
They did n't answer .
He did so because one of the brothers did not have photo identification nor could he understand English , and because the agent found both of the passengers to be suspicious .
Somewhat more involved
Did you go door to door ?
He was ready to strike at the head of the snake .
The center also contacted the West Virginia State Police and asked whether any reports of a downed aircraft had been received .
The FBI told us they found no trace of explosives at the crash sites .
However , their cumulative effect tends to be overpowering .
Today 's girls will be tomorrow 's leaders -- and they 're counting on YOU !
I can , well you know we just relived the story today of when you built the house over on um , / / Songbird .
I want to thank you for your past support of the Visiting Nurse Service Foundation , Inc. .
Not really original , no , it was , uh , poems by well-known authors that you 'd find in a book , but she had to memorize a lot of them , and she , but she read us children 's poems , too , out of books , books that were written for children .
The details of what happened on the morning of September 11 are complex , but they play out a simple theme .
The size of the pattern can be changed and the visual images compared to get a sense of their appeal .
Moreover , Bin Ladin had in fact been sponsoring anti-Saddam Islamists in Iraqi Kurdistan , and sought to attract them into his Islamic army .
Do you ever tell this story yourself ?
The environment , including the social environment , is available for children to interact with as they make sense of their experiences , but it does not determine the evolution of the child 's mind .
Turn over responsibility for the task to the child as soon as he or she can master it without assistance .
Consider , for instance , how many store clerks still scan items incorrectly at the register .
The Command Center told Cleveland that FAA personnel well above them in the chain of command had to make the decision to seek military assistance and were working on the issue .
Na , that 's the only one they told me .
The decreasing lead time of the quick-line plant makes it competitive at a lower inventory carrying cost .
We found no evidence that , at this critical time , NORAD 's top commanders , in Florida or Cheyenne Mountain , coordinated with their counterparts at FAA headquarters to improve awareness and organize a common response .
OK , I said , So , how do we do it ?
You know what ?
The threat of terrorists hijacking commercial airliners within the United States-and using them as guided missiles-was not recognized by NORAD before 9/11 .
We have a bomb on board .
Use the enclosed card and give a generous gift to Goodwill today !
On behalf of all the men , women and children in Central Indiana who will benefit from your kindness , thank you .
Secretary Rumsfeld told us he was just gaining situational awareness when he spoke with the Vice President at 10:39 .
NEADS reported to the Continental U.S.
They 're going to lessons for this and that , and sports , and they 're playing interactive games with their computer and , uh , watching TV , and I think , really , they 're not reading on their own , like maybe we did when I was that age because we did n't have all those other things to do .
Please keep in mind , requests for donations to the Capital Campaign are separate and will be made later this month .
May good cess befall all such quixotically misguided readers !
The Secret Service initiated a number of security enhancements around the White House complex .
I was asleep , but Luigi was awake , and he thought he detected a vague form nearing the bed .
I hope you 'll think of Wanda and other mothers ' prayers and dreams this Mother 's Day .
She had a washing machine but not , not a dryer so all the laundry get , got put hung out on the clothesline .
Or do you feel like in general that 's how high school is as opposed to college ?
A total of 32 such National Guard teams were authorized by fiscal year 2001 .
Children can become competent readers and writers without being trained , pushed , or goaded into literacy learning in early childhood .
Now that manufacturers of power tools and ball bearings talk about their products as fashion items , the apparel industry'always subject to the whims of fashion ` has much to say to any industry that involves retailing .
Plus , I really was n't making the kind of connections that I wanted to make .
Die-cutters are much safer when fully automated , but building computerized loading and unloading features into the machine adds cost .
What did you enjoy about reading the Lewis and Clark journals ?
Even though I had freedom when I was , you know , home , whatever , but I still had a curfew .
Two minutes later , staff reported that they were still trying to locate Secretary Rumsfeld and Vice Chairman Myers .
And he said , Ma'am , he said , what did the guerrillas that were there eating do with themselves ?
The coat manufacturer will have to hold relatively more finished goods inventory of the low volume SKUs than of the high volume SKUs .
Communication tools like Safety-Wise , Happenings , along with event calendars and other materials , allow volunteers to provide quality , informed leadership .
You will find attached this survey plus our directional statement -LRB- goals -RRB- for 1993 that is a direct result of the survey .
I 'll twist him , sir .
Wells 's The Time Machine -LRB- 1895 -RRB- , considered by some the first work of true SF .
He 's the boss !
I 've done horrible , let 's just say horrible really , really bad .
As early as January 1994 , Bin Ladin received the surveillance reports , complete with diagrams prepared by the team 's computer specialist .
We uh , we would run our safety drills at the elementary school .
If this were indeed to have been a handbook , users would have found a longer list more useful .
Here is a commonsense style book , useful to those who have the education and common sense to be in doubt about questions of English usage .
The publisher sent unrevised bound proofs from which this review was prepared ; unfortunately , there was no proof of an index , but the publisher has assured me that there will be one in the published book , a rather essential ingredient of a work with this title .
OK , how about you Mom ?
Men say that , too , of course .
The controller understood , but chose to Calling Cleveland Center , you 're unreadable .
pogonip Another sure-fire dictionary not a quick drink snatched while riding a bouncy stick , but a fog laden with particles of ice .
Yet as political , social , and economic problems created flammable societies , Bin Ladin used Islam 's most extreme , fundamentalist traditions as his match .
When parents and children spend most of their time apart , the result is a profound dampening of parents ' socializing power .
A common approach is to forecast by analogy , using data for similar products that have been on the market previously .
We learned all of those and the fairy tales , the classics , she read all of those to us .
This ensures that they will acquire competencies that are adaptive in their culture .
In 1971 , he opened is first business , a small New Jersey construction firm .
And then , like now that I 'm in college , like I call her , like all the time and it wo n't occur that I should talk to my dad , too !
Open the door , please .
/ / Even in the in , I mean NJ winters are really cold but --
But what about a reference by MacNeil 's partner , Jim Lehrer , to some ten thousand black gold and diamond miners -LSB- on strike in South Africa -RSB- .
This was United 175 's last communication with the ground .
Witness the following conclusion by a researcher who compared American with Japanese infant rearing An American mother-infant relationship consists of two individuals ... a Japanese mother-infant relationship consists of only one individual , i.e. , mother and infant are not divided .
So now I 'm going to run three pools over the summer .
I can remember Mom and Dad saying Grandmom in the kitchen hollering , Daddy , Daddy , Daddy I wish you would n't talk like that in front of the girls .
Your donation of $ 25 , $ 50 , $ 125 , $ 250 or more will help us remain a steady source of assistance for people like Ted .
Obviously , I could not say much .
In most cases , they dealt with words and functional elements , creating what are called reconstructions in hypothetical family prototypes called , variously , Proto-Latin , Proto-Greek , Proto-Germanic , Proto-Indo-Iranian , and so forth , the ultimate goal being to posit a single language called Proto-Indo-European .
Once again , the development of Web sites to undertake some of these connections represents an important first step in this direction .
Even for basic products , demand varies from day to day and week to week .
If you help me , I said , to move my livestock to Chapeltique .
A more convincing case for Latin studies can be made on other grounds -LRB- if the study of ANY language requires pleading -RRB- .
Muscat , or muscatel , on the other hand , is found on skid rows all over the land .
It 's definitely grown .
Building a Support System for Acquiring New Knowledge and Skills
The campus also can serve as a community forum , sponsoring public lectures by authorities on issues in the news .
Indeed , the central purpose of language , from its moment of emergence , is communication , social contact , infiuencing surrounding individuals .
Focusing on these two definitions , it must be conceded that naive users who did not know the meaning of Boolean or of Boolean algebra before going to either dictionary are unlikely to come away any the wiser .
The metaphor of a scaffold has been used to describe eective adult support as children work on tasks that teach culturally valued concepts and skills .
I look forward to seeing your name on our membership list .
It is safe to say that lean retailers have also come out ahead , given their rapid growth in relation to , and at the expense of , traditional retailers in many different retail channels .
\ \ And you 'll stay here ?
Specific cliches ' working wife , working mother , house-wife , etc. ` are discussed , with sober explanations of why they are offensive and with suggestions for suitable alternatives .
Perhaps the terrorists stabbed the flight attendants to get a cockpit key , to force one of them to open the cockpit door , or to lure the captain or first officer out of the cockpit .
At 8:52 , in Easton , Connecticut , a man named Lee Hanson received a phone call from his son Peter , a passenger on United 175 .
According to the blurb on the dust jacket of this distinctly unpleasant book , Rosalind Miles is head of the Centre for Women 's Studies at Coventry Polytechnic , a lecturer , broadcaster , journalist , and author of several other books , including a highly acclaimed biography of Ben Jonson .
The Vice President 's military aide told us he believed the Vice President spoke to the President just after entering the conference room , but he did not hear what they said .
Then I said , Dear Lord , I said , what are we going to do about this ?
According to fourth-year student David Schmidt , who serves as president of the Students Affairs council , the upgraded lounge is a priority for the students .
Our faculty are involved in the community , working with city officials , conducting research , and providing the community with expertise and service .
Some of Bin Ladin 's companies ran short of funds .
Obviously , if all members of the two Boards were to pledge $ 1,000 per year , we would be most grateful and we would have a great story to tell .
Like because my dad always treated me like a boy because I was like I was the first girl on my dad 's side of the family in like , four generations or something like that .
The use of modern design tools and information technology can collapse the design time so that managerial decision-making becomes the longest step in the process ` and even the time for that step can be shortened with information technology .
Both dictionaries list abbreviations and biographical and geographical entries in separate sections at the back , a practice I have never liked .
As of this date , we have received commitments for approximately forty percent of our goal to the Timothy J. O'Leary Periodontal Endowment Fund .
It has been a busy time , for we have an ambitious agenda for growth and development .
Especially appealing , for you and the department , is the fact that a number of alumni work for companies that will match their gifts -- sometimes as much as three to one .
Such stitching generally outlasts the fabric of jeans , as one can see from looking at the holey knees of jeans worn by many teenagers .
George F. Badger , the recipient of the award was equally surprised , not to mention a little better off financially .
Most of the religions of the world connected woman with mother earth , fertility , and all the other progenetic and nurturing associations , and this was borne out in the cultures of the people .
The idiom dressed to the nines could be from Middle English dressed to then eynes ` dressed to the eyes .
A Stitch in Time is organized into five sections , roughly corresponding to the channel components .
Work hard study balance your time , you know .
All the ingredients may be present ` the music , the singers , the dancers , the setting , and costumes ` but , alas , duende itself fails to show up and the production fizzles .
You went treating !
Alternatively , an adept supplier who uses information for planning , production , and distribution may well share in the competitive advantages derived from better information on the true state of final customer demand .
SEND advances these efforts by forming long-standing relationships with local businesses , churches , residents , and other interested groups and individuals .
In February 1996 , Sudanese officials began approaching officials from the United States and other governments , asking what actions of theirs might ease foreign pressure .
If the cloth has tension before it is cut , then it will contract after it is cut into separate pattern pieces .
The IU School of Dentistry is committed to remaining the recognized leader in scholarly research , teaching and service .
But uh , we hear a lot about home and how it used to be and like I said walking five miles to school and --
There were various whimsical variants .
Hani Hanjour , Khalid al Mihdhar , and Majed Moqed were flagged by CAPPS .
I need to wipe this up !
The space age began with the launch of Sputnik in October 1957 .
One day when the wind chill factor was nearing absolute zero , I took shelter in the service club .
Notwithstanding the valuable role he plays in inspiring nonlinguists to think about language and in informing them about myriad facets of the subject , I find it hard slogging -LRB- or , as he would probably write , sloguing -RRB- .
The program could be an important boon to productivity and competitiveness .
Children 's social exchanges begin to infiuence their ways of thinking more profoundly than before , permitting them to acquire competencies in keeping with the requirements of their families and communities .
So , that was such a racy and shocking book at that time , and so , of course , we had to read it .
In play , Alison thinks about paint colors , which need not be the color of her real room .
This is illustrated in Table 9.1 -LRB- page 158 -RRB- for the men 's and boys ' shirt industry .
In the words of a newspaper ad for a language school , Do Mistake'Learn Better .
Repeatedly between 10:14 and 10:19 , a lieutenant colonel at the White House relayed to the NMCC that the Vice President had confirmed fighters were cleared to engage inbound aircraft if they could verify that the aircraft was hijacked .
And your age ?
Again , the time it takes managers to reach a decision is what determines the length of this process .
Chapters 13 through 15 examine the channel as a whole , from global , private-performance , and public-policy perspectives .
Consider , for instance , how many store clerks still scan items incorrectly at the register .
That is the basis of modern sewing operations in manufacturing facilities .
... You got a conflict on that direction ?
Well , so many bullets , so many things .
Do n't they do that a lot with like Britney Spears and people like that ?
United Way of Central Indiana adds value by doing research and follow-up to make sure that the most important needs are being met in the most efficient way .
With over 18 years experience , we have found that many conflicts between young people are rooted in attitudes and prejudices that exclude and target individuals and groups .
He spoke of the suffering of the Iraqi people as a result of sanctions imposed after the Gulf War , and he protested U.S. support of Israel .
When my students and I approached the heart of the course ` talking the English language ` nothing seemed to work for me until I closed all the books and compelled two or three students at a time to put themselves in commonplace situations in which they had to speak English .
Private gifts will play a vital role in reaching these goals .
The early phases of the Industrial Revolution in England were closely linked to the mechanization of the textile industry and its transfer from the home to the factory .
In Mandarin the name America becomes ` beautiful nation , ' as Mr. Henn says .
Pound services ensure that lost pets have a clean and safe place to stay and be cared for until their owners can be located .
If a new sewing table or a new sewing machine with programmable features is added at a particular workstatio n'that is , any device that reduces the time it takes to complete various tasks ` then the allowable time and wage rate for that operation must be changed .
New initiatives in the inner-city are taking hold .
Uh , my mom took me for a it , um , doctor 's visit uh , it was a physical .
I feel sure that you will want to be one of that special group of donors who responded to this last solicitation from Cavanaugh Hall .
Between 9:15 and 9:30 , the staff was busy arranging a return to Washington , while the President consulted his senior advisers about his remarks .
He also made use of the already-established Third World Relief Agency -LRB- TWRA -RRB- headquartered in Vienna , whose branch office locations included Zagreb and Budapest .
It can certainly make happy holiday memories .
If you have any questions , please feel free to give us a call at 638-3360 .
Yet as political , social , and economic problems created flammable societies , Bin Ladin used Islam 's most extreme , fundamentalist traditions as his match .
They have what ?
American also began getting identifications of the hijackers , as Ong and then Sweeney passed on some of the seat numbers of those who had gained unauthorized access to the cockpit .
Parents must ask questions like
It is quite possible Jarrah knew of the success of the assault on the World Trade Center .
I just had a report that American 11 is still in the air , and it 's on its way towards-heading towards Washington .
Bland slips up when he states it is to enable him to proceed on his path to the murder of Duncan .
The idea of a metal stand carrying a pyramid of cannon balls so delicately balanced as to be affected by the tiny differential expansion of brass and iron does not bear thinking about in a heavy sea .
The forecasting challenges retailers confront have been amplified in recent years by product proliferation in almost every category .
Indeed , Hannah 's tale suggests that young children denied these supports can still profit from them later , if such supports are available and they have the fortitude to capitalize on them .
We do this through a wide range of programs including community - based , therapeutic foster care , group homes and our treatment center .
The soldier in charge would command , after each firing , that the rank on the scaffold step down and be replaced by the rank that had just reloaded , thus alternating ranks and sustaining the rifle fire .
She recalled first telling the President it was a twin-engine aircraft-and then a commercial aircraft-that had struck the World Trade Center , adding that 's all we know right now , Mr. President .
I can , well you know we just relived the story today of when you built the house over on um , / / Songbird .
These practices have resulted in the integration of enterprises at all stages of the distribution and production chain , because of the infusion of real-time information on consumer sales .
During his entire time in Sudan , he had maintained guesthouses and training camps in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
Um , reading is fundamental as they say and it truly is .
Pound services ensure that lost pets have a clean and safe place to stay and be cared for until their owners can be located .
This could be a third aircraft .
Journalist Charles Rappaport once quipped , I speak ten languages ` all of them Yiddish .
It exemplifies the support and encouragement that the faculty and community provides .
To change the size of the item to be cut , the die must be removed and a new one installed .
How do they feel about your being a Theater major ?
What , you said that you were four ?
At least some FAA officials in Boston Center and the New England Region knew that a hijacker on board American 11 had said we have some planes .
The paradox of make-believe is that in everyday life , when children subordinate actions to rules , they usually give up something they want ` instead of keeping a treasured toy all to themselves , they share it ; instead of continuing to play , they clean up ; instead of watching more TV , they go to bed .
Unfortunately , most American employers do not provide this option , and many parents ` especially , single parents ` can not aord it .
How can the definers be sure we will know without being told that a man-about-town is never a woman ?
Well , as a teacher , do you see reading as something that is still important in families today ?
The guild 's institutions have , in their unobtrusively ubiquitous way , become more powerful than both the Catholic Christianity which gave them birth and the regimes of Europe that scattered them round the world .
Get your hand off my knee .
It scarcely needs pointing out that the British usage was not brought about by any sense of justice toward women but by the apparent fact that the people in Britain are not quite as uptight about usage as the Americans .
Yiddish is written in the characters of the Hebrew alphabet and from right to left and enjoys borrowing words from Russian , Polish , English , and all the other languages and countries along the routes that Jews have traveled during the past thousand years .
But it is patently ridiculous to refer to someone whose sex is known as a chairperson . Chair should be reserved for the office of the chairperson , not the person holding the office .
Bin Ladin agreed to help Turabi in an ongoing war against African Christian separatists in southern Sudan and also to do some road building .
as invested with its dignity , since the seventeenth century just as the Crown has been used for the monarch , or the Oval Office has come to stand for the President of the United States .
The forty operations indicated in the figure may require only twelve minutes if the operators are working at 100 percent efficiency , but any given shirt still takes twenty working days to pass through the plant .
The Chairman was out of the country .
Your $ 1,000 contribution can put a mentor in a child 's life-and hope in a child 's future .
Ever since the Islamist regime came to power in Khartoum , the United States and other Western governments had pressed it to stop providing a haven for terrorist organizations .
Their actions saved the lives of countless others , and may have saved either the Capitol or the White House from destruction .
I ca n't remember much family togetherness when I was a kid , Hannah remarked .
But the need is still great .
The First Apparel Design and Patterns
Members receive a membership package that includes all of our educational material , a subscription to aakp RENALlFE , membership in a local chapter if applicable and assurance that your voice is heard in Washington , DC .
One of our volunteers will be contacting you soon .
Map 33 shows the distribution of child -LRB- most of southern England -RRB- and of bairn -LRB- north of a slightly wavy line between Boston , on the Wash to the east , and Lancaster , on the west coast -RRB- .
She recalled first telling the President it was a twin-engine aircraft-and then a commercial aircraft-that had struck the World Trade Center , adding that 's all we know right now , Mr. President .
They initiated their cockpit takeover within 30 minutes of takeoff .
Big Sisters helps fill that void by matching caring , responsible adult volunteers with at-risk girls , ages 8-14 .
I would like to look for a job in education , possibly teaching elementary school , um , hopefully up north I would rather do that up north , so --
Children who failed to grasp the kidnapper 's motive and the reason for the arrest judged him to be good , not bad .
Children 's social exchanges begin to infiuence their ways of thinking more profoundly than before , permitting them to acquire competencies in keeping with the requirements of their families and communities .
Since Slurvian thus exists in both a Germanic language -LRB- English -RRB- and a Romance language -LRB- French -RRB- , must it not therefore follow that Slurvian has its origin in the common ancestor of both tongues , that is in the Indo-stage ?
' The atom was named before it was split .
Obese is a compound of two Latin words , the prefix , ob - ` over ' + `` dere '' eat .
Community needs are increasing and your help is needed more than ever .
The Science Department is in the process of renovating the labs and other facilities in order to provide our students with science instruction that is second to none .
When tired , Sophie 's teddy bear and leprechaun do n't stay up late doing just as they please .
Here is a commonsense style book , useful to those who have the education and common sense to be in doubt about questions of English usage .
You and I have done some important work together .
Has that directive been transmitted to the aircraft ?
The IUPUI Challenger Scholars are chosen from among outstanding students in the humanities , sciences , technologies and education who have chosen to pursue careers in teaching , at any level .
The idea of a domestic command for homeland defense began to be discussed in 1997 , and in 1999 the Joint Chiefs developed a concept for the establishment of a domestic Unified Command .
Junn Quechua children have diculty with false-belief tasks for years after children in industrialized nations have mastered them .
Now that , that you 're an adult obviously and have had children of your own what stories do you remember telling to your own children , and reading to your own children ?
Rice , who entered the room shortly after the Vice President and sat next to him , remembered hearing him inform the President , Sir , the CAPs are up .
In any case , on May 19 , 1996 , Bin Ladin left Sudan-significantly weakened , despite his ambitions and organizational skills .
The Branch 's goals focus on increasing the percentage of youth Grow into mentally and physically healthy adults ; Know how to structure their lives in ways that produce meaning and enjoyment ; Plan their high school program to allow them to qualify for future higher education , even if the current goals are vocational ; Use non-violent conflict resolution skills when needed ; Reach adulthood without being involved in alcohol , tobacco and other drug use ; Are able to develop and achieve their goals and aspirations .
At first , the adult tries to capture the child 's attention by working the toy and , as the clown emerges , exclaiming , Pop !
The natural line of development makes closer contact with its surrounding social context , merges with it , and is transformed by it .
No normal speaker of English encountering Man wants but little here below wonders ` except facetiously ` why women have been ignored .
' The barn was the building for storing barley .
So in some ways it was very similar to the space exploration that you were so interested in ?
There is another option called , SUGGEST , which , if invoked , lists up to seven or eight words that you might have had in mind when you wrote the one that offended the machine , and this brings me to the point of this article .
In late October a young woman librarian at the college took me to a flower-arranging exhibition .
Today we can readily buy lap-top computers with data storage capacity far greater than that entire IBM factory could have offered .
Maggy , frightened by the booming sounds , whimpers to Deb , Scary , Mommy .
The deadline for donations from each class will be July 31 .
The colors of the blouse can be changed with a few computer steps .
The slang of one military generation passes on to the next , so the Marines who called the Koreans gooks in the '50s and the Vietnamese gooks in the '60s and '70s were the linguistic heirs of the Marines who called the Nicaraguans gooks in 1912 .
In his delightful article , Onomatoplazia -LSB- XV , 1 -RSB- , Chester Delaney writes , analysand ...
International Trade Commission , U.S. imports of textiles and apparel from China and two of the traditional Big Three Asian suppliers ` Hong Kong and Korea ` continued to decline in 1996 , when these countries together with Taiwan , accounted for 23 .
We are pleased to note that Hu-Friedy , L.D.Caulk , and Star Dental have each agreed to contribute to this worthy cause .
Junn Quechua children have diculty with false-belief tasks for years after children in industrialized nations have mastered them .
When I found out that the infant mortality rate in Indiana was 86 percent greater than for mothers in Sweden , I was shocked .
All were convinced that anything so compelling and engrossing in the life of the young child must be profoundly significant .
And welfare reform is an uncertain solution with an unknown starting date .
As a result , they do not have to be preoccupied with those needs and , instead , can turn their attention outward , toward acquiring physical , cognitive , and social skills .
Please call Sharyl Hamblen at 921-2049 or Kim Gattle at 921-2056 if you have any questions .
He told us that by the time he arrived , the order had already been passed down NORAD 's chain of command .
A gift to Pleasant Run means the children in our care will have presents to open .
It was , when the first one arrived , the first soldier , and he said , Er , ma'am , make , he said , some four , six rations , he said , because plenty of soldiers have come , and I 'm going to inform the other houses .
Everyone talks nowadays about making dictionaries user-friendlier .
After consulting with NEADS command , the crew commander issued the order at 9:23 : Okay ... scramble Langley .
SEND advances these efforts by forming long-standing relationships with local businesses , churches , residents , and other interested groups and individuals .
Several are noted
After the Saudis agreed to allow U.S. armed forces to be based in the Kingdom , Bin Ladin and a number of Islamic clerics began to publicly denounce the arrangement .
Gifts of $ 100.00 are more are recognized through various ways by the school .
Um , she pretty much showed a lot of disinterest at best and , and outright hostility at worst towards my mom until we the kids came along .
But the cases suggest that stepping in only in at times of crisis can not compensate for providing the ongoing togetherness and haven of a family .
The program soon expanded to other vendors , including apparel suppliers , who entered their own trading partnerships with Wal-Mart .
Lenient -- lenient , you know .
It is not clear how the shootdown order was communicated within NORAD .
The reception is scheduled for Thursday , April 29 , -LRB- 6:00 -7:30 p.m. -RRB- at the Hyatt Regency .
Half challenge .
I was old enough at the time that I knew what was going on .
Say again , slowly .
Amsterdam was settled by the Dutch , Geneva by the Swiss , etc. , till one passes by a town apparently settled by the British ` Sodus .
She 's paying him for the apartment .
Uh , we used to sit on her back porch and uh snap uh beans or what they called doing snap beans , uh , which was really just taking green beans and snapping them into smaller pieces .
About this time the Fasten Seatbelt sign would usually have been turned off and the flight attendants would have begun preparing for cabin service .
It is not really a dictionary , of course , in the sense that is lacks definitions ; it is merely a word list .
At 9:39 , the NMCC 's deputy director for operations , a military officer , opened the call from the Pentagon , which had just been hit .
If you try to make any moves , you 'll endanger yourself and the airplane .
How many of these dresses will sell this season ?
That will only be the first step toward healing the pain of having been abandoned several times , neglected , and denied the happy childhood that should be every child 's birthright .
We put the baby mallard in a small aviary with the half-grown muscovy , and it worked .
But uh , come mealtime boy this little apartment with central air conditioning running , the smoke hung about four and a half five feet down from the ceiling .
Nothing at all !
So in some ways it was very similar to the space exploration that you were so interested in ?
-LRB- Points to the shell 's colors -RRB- Sometimes people make jewelry out of these shells .
We will host a reception for Century Club members during the Indiana Dental Association meeting in Indianapolis .
Macbeth 's action to have the bond canceled becomes null and void .
... -LSB- I -RSB- f they 're there then we 'll run on them .
We uh , we would run our safety drills at the elementary school .
Older preschoolers realize that people 's beliefs , not just their desires , aect their behavior .
Then they left , they left for the mountain , they went on up .
She learns that you can consider possibilities and choose among them , thereby controlling eventual outcomes .
Case 2 : Multiple Plants and Production Planning
In 1985 a group of courageous pioneering women established the YWCA of Indianapolis to meet the needs of women , and in 1998 the tradition continues .
You got a job cutting siding was n't it ?
he said to me .
He also stresses grievances against the United States widely shared in the Muslim world .
In addition , researchers now realize that quite normal children show both similarities and dierences in pathways of change .
Especially appealing , for you and the department , is the fact that a number of alumni work for companies that will match their gifts -- sometimes as much as three to one .
Uh , it was pretty much a kitchen a front room and two-bedroom house one bathroom .
There may be others who have had the same experience with them .
Fifty-six passengers boarded the flight .
Price reductions from the beginning to the end of the season also increased dramatically over the period from 1948 to 1988 , one in which there was considerable growth in product proliferation .
Bin Ladin now had a vision of himself as head of an international jihad confederation .
In public testimony before this Commission in May 2003 , NORAD officials stated that at 9:16 , NEADS received hijack notification of United 93 from the FAA .
By the mid-1980s , a number of the most prestigious retailers were faltering , with some filing for bankruptcy or being acquired by other retailers .
At 9:44 , NORAD briefed the conference on the possible hijacking of Delta 1989 .
I might have been influenced by the preceding double is in tadashii . But I find that tadachi ni is frequently written and printed in two words , ni meaning ` in , ' so that tadachi ni just might be equivalent to something like ` in the immediate .
bite the bullet If you visit a Revolutionary War battle site , like Fort Ticonderoga , you may see some gruesome artifacts in its museum ` bullets with teeth marks in them .
The Coming Competitive Landscape
The controller checked to see if American Airlines could establish communication with American 11 .
We do not believe that the true picture of that morning reflects discredit on the operational personnel at NEADS or FAA facilities .
Your continued generosity can help change a desperate mother 's life .
My grandmom was pretty much a chain smoker .
. Mr. Whopsle , being knocked up , was in such a very bad temper .
That 's good , though , you need to , I guess .
Our students and the public are continuing to enjoy a number of special programs , such as the Visiting Artist Program , which draws about 10 nationally known artists who present free public slide lectures about their work , the Saturday School , now in its 70th year of providing art classes for junior and senior high school students every spring and fall , and the Pre-College Program , offering art classes for recently graduated high school students who are interested in careers in the arts .
He notified his supervisor , who passed the notice up the chain of command .
It has been suggested that SF include only those stories which would be invalidated without their scientific content ; that fiction which concerns science , scientists , and the impact of science on humans ; that which explores alternate existences -LRB- whether future , extraterrestrial , or only in characters ' minds -RRB- based on facts and logical progression via scientific method .
May good cess befall all such quixotically misguided readers !
* $ 400 will pay for one program for an entire school .
He had an appetite and aptitude for business .
We need to talk to FAA .
Since that time , the financial burden of a college education has been lessened for many deserving students .
Unfortunately , most American employers do not provide this option , and many parents ` especially , single parents ` can not aord it .
Although automation of sewing operations is generally not cost effective , these innovations have made some inroads in particular segments .
It costs $ 225 to send one child to camp .
Al Qaeda 's role in organizing terrorist operations had also changed .
Your memories are probably very similar .
Perhaps $ 100 is more to your liking or , perhaps , you would be interested in making several smaller gifts during the year .
About this time , Card , the lead Secret Service agent , the President 's military aide , and the pilot were conferring on a possible destination for Air Force One .
Sharing information and current knowledge of the market across channel players achieves some of the same objectives ` at lower cost ` of formally reaching forward or backward into markets .
He then discovered , to his surprise , that the Langley fighters were not headed north toward the Baltimore area as instructed , but east over the ocean .
One spoke very little English and one spoke excellent English .
One of us will call you to discuss how your company can become an important highly visible partner with the JCC in support of our scholarship programs .
To achieve the 90 percent cloth utilization typical of this kind of production , one needs to combine six pairs of pants into one marker .
Enclosed is a form you can complete and return to us in the postage-paid envelope .
About someone who is in complete charge of a project , they could say , He runs things completely !
Junior may have wrecked the car and daughter may have attained the age for orthodontia .
You did n't like them ?
However , we recognize that contributions at the Maennerchor Society level are not possible for all .
Bin Ladin has stated flatly , Our fight against these governments is not separate from our fight against you .
But I 'm never going to take the knives out .
The literacy statistics change little from year to year .
It is not at once apparent why the book is styled an almanac , but that is there is no other book I know of that contains as much diverse information about American writers as this one .
And did you find that to be kind of hard , or did , you know -- ?
How far away ?
It is the term applied to a one-year-old sheep .
she said to them , because of you we 're going to die too , through no fault of our own !
A valuable seven-week course called COPES -LSB- Community Orientation for Expatriate Spouses -RSB- introduces the non-employed spouse to day-to-day life and opportunities in central Indiana .
As one witness recalled , -LSB- It -RSB- was almost like there were parallel decisionmaking processes going on ; one was a voice conference orchestrated by the NMCC ... and then there was the -LSB- White House video teleconference -RSB- .
We will host a reception for Century Club members during the Indiana Dental Association meeting in Indianapolis .
The Vice President again said yes .
We have concluded , from the available evidence , that the Vice President arrived in the room shortly before 10:00 , perhaps at 9:58 .
They had been responding to a report about an aircraft that did not exist .
About this same time Sweeney reported to Woodward , Something is wrong .
These social encounters oer children many opportunities to hear people refer to their own mental states and those of others and , therefore , to observe dierent points of view .
The balance comes from fees , special events , grants and individual gifts .
This sort of misnomer leads Carnegie to suppose that to the uninitiated no map is so misleading as that of West Australia where lakes are salt-bogs without surface water , springs seldom run , and native ` wells ' are merely tiny holes in the rock , yielding from 0 to 200 gallons .
But the situation soon
I enjoy sharing these small victories with you through my letters .
Consider Dickens ' sharp image in Bleak House -LRB- Chapter LIV -RRB- when he describes how Sir Leicester leans back in his chair , and breathlessly ejaculates .
So it 's almost like a second home .
For Indianapolis , that public university must be IUPUI .
Radar data show the Otis fighters were airborne at 8:53 .
... One nation , invisible .
In his delightful article , Onomatoplazia -LSB- XV , 1 -RSB- , Chester Delaney writes , analysand ...
The crate .
The Vice President 's military aide told us he believed the Vice President spoke to the President just after entering the conference room , but he did not hear what they said .
Jarrah 's objective was to crash his airliner into symbols of the American Republic , the Capitol or the White House .
Manufacturers suddenly have much more to do than just make clothing ` they are being asked to do work previously done by the retailer , such as picking and packing the order for each store from the retailer 's warehouse .
We brought them back in the afternoon , when I saw that , behind her there came a big group of , they looked like soldiers , but in street clothes .
As explained in previous chapters , variation in weekly demand can be characterized by a standardized measure , the coefficient of variation , or Cv .
Indiana residents -LRB- 4,400 of our 5,980 alumni -RRB- may also take advantage of the Indiana Tax Credit -LRB- Form CC-40 -RRB- .
Recall the Zinacanteco Indian child weavers and the Brazilian child street vendors , who are advanced in skills relevant to their own culture yet behind on tasks devised for children in Western industrialized nations .
However , it did n't seem to be so horrifying .
In Great Expectations -LRB- Chapter VI -RRB- , we learn how . .
Muslims believe that these revelations , given to the greatest and last of a chain of prophets stretching from Abraham through Jesus , complete God 's message to humanity .
Seizing on symbols of Islam 's past greatness , he promises to restore pride to people who consider themselves the victims of successive foreign masters .
The user is offered a choice with man - a a tiger or other animal that has acquired the habit of eating a woman given to chasing , catching and devouring men .
Push them back .
My grandmom was pretty much a chain smoker .
As this exchange shows , Secretary Rumsfeld was not in the NMCC when the shootdown order was first conveyed .
You wrote this out all by yourself .
A guy with a bottle-shaped brown paper bag , damp and wrinkled at its upper end , has almost certainly been slugging down a sweet wine of high proof , and the odds are pretty good you would find it is a muscadoodle . After the guy finishes his Napa Valley smoke and has slept it off , he is looking for the means to get another muscat fix .
In August 1996 , Bin Ladin had issued his own self-styled fatwa calling on Muslims to drive American soldiers out of Saudi Arabia .
We hope the events of the near future will not .
Your $ 1,000 contribution can put a mentor in a child 's life-and hope in a child 's future .
The manufacture of men 's shirts provides another illustration .
set in a type -LRB- as boldface -RRB- readily distinguishable from that of the lightface running text which defines , explains , or identifies the entry
Please consider joining the Chairman 's Roundtable with a gift of $ 1,000 .
For North Carolina ?
The Secret Service agent felt strongly that the situation in Washington was too unstable for the President to return there , and Card agreed .
When Bond Stores had customers lining up around the block to buy suits , casual wear , as we know it today , did not exist .
He boarded the aircraft , asked the Secret Service about the safety of his family , and called the Vice President .
As the Soviets began their withdrawal , the jihad 's leaders debated what to do next .
United nine three , have you got information on that yet ?
The cockpit voice recorder data indicate that a woman , most likely a flight attendant , was being held captive in the cockpit .
He learned in the tunnel that the Pentagon had been hit , and he saw television coverage of smoke coming from the building .
an item recorded , as in a diary , dictionary , or account .
Your contribution -- large or small -- through the Annual Fund will carry us one more step toward realizing the Purdue dream for the 21st century .
- The new Masters in Planning degree ;
Allows children to learn , play , and develop friendships during their summer and holiday vacations .
A response card is enclosed for your convenience .
Wages have risen relative to the average of all manufacturing or nondurable manufacturing .
His preaching had inspired the assassination of Sadat .
We have found no evidence indicating that one of the hijackers , or anyone else , sat there on this flight .
It is spoken even in A beautiful girl awakens in bed to find a vampire at her side .
Um , I 'll definitely be ready for the change .
However , it was seen at the time as a success .
Yet a tension exists between its desire to provide customers with a changing variety of apparel fashions and the need to increase its capacity to replenish a higher percentage of products , thereby taking advantage of its expertise in logistics .
Throwing up .
I like , uh , political non-fiction , and I 've read The Making of the President series from 1960 on up .
As a member of the Law Alumni Board -LRB- Board of Visitors -RRB- you are quite well acquainted with the programs , progress and problems of the law school .
United Way of Central Indiana adds value by doing research and follow-up to make sure that the most important needs are being met in the most efficient way .
In contrast , children who regarded their teachers as unsupportive were more likely to disengage , stop trying , and show declines in achievement .
We would like to announce the success of this year 's campaign at the Annual Meeting on April 27 , so please return you pledge or gift within the next 30 days .
Chinese speak Mandarin , Cantonese , Fukienese , Hakka , etc. , tongues often so dissimilar that verbal intercommunication is impossible .
There is nothing wrong with any of -LSB- these images -RSB- in themselves .
The NEADS technician who took this call from the FAA immediately passed the word to the mission crew commander , who reported to the NEADS battle Mission Crew Commander , Okay , uh , American Airlines is still airborne .
Retail Replenishment Performance
The Department of Defense , like the Department of State , had a coordinator who represented the department on the interagency committee concerned with counterterrorism .
Insofar as it means attendant , an acolyte can be either a man or a woman .
The thin plastic sheet effectively cuts off the flow of room air through the fabric .
Correspondingly , employment in automotive and apparel trimmings increased 71.4 percent from 1979 to 1997 while in women 's and misses blouses and skirts it declined by 60.6 percent in the same period .
The reason , Robinson and Godbey suggest , is that our pace of life is faster .
Bin Ladin reportedly showed particular interest in learning how to use truck bombs such as the one that had killed 241 U.S.
Then I said , Dear Lord , I said , what are we going to do about this ?
In a time when higher education , and graduate programs in particular , are suffering from a lack of funding , we are positioning ourselves to remain in a leadership position with outstanding faculty , students , and private support from alumni and friends of the program .
Here at The Salvation Army , this is our continuous goal .
Do you think that 's what it was ?
Our state appropriation is not now - nor has it ever been -- sufficient to fund , for example , all of the costs associated with faculty research , student programs , scholarships , seminars , guest speakers , and the law library .
Everyone benefits from the work we do together .
Journalists and other commentators have sometimes taken a facetious view of the situation , suggesting that person , itself , is sexist because - son denotes ` male offspring , ' that words like manhole are sexist , and that even woman -LRB- wo + man -RRB- is sexist .
The headword is syllabified in W , not in L . In older dictionaries the words are syllabified mainly to help in pronouncing them ; latterly , syllabication has been used largely to find where a word can be hyphenated at the end of a line of text , though , judging by today 's newspapers and magazines , one would be sore put to believe that a dictionary had ever been within the grasp of their editors , proofreaders , or the programmers who wrote the hyphenation programs for the automatic typesetting many of them now employ .
Many of the children are victims of abuse or live in unstable homes .
At the same time , these regimes had closed off nearly all paths for peaceful opposition , forcing their critics to choose silence , exile , or violent opposition .
These are particularly tricky when short words , like articles or pronouns , are
I should worry .
Six feet five and thin , Bin Ladin appeared to be ungainly but was in fact quite athletic , skilled as a horseman , runner , climber , and soccer player .
Of that number , 70 percent are stray , lost pets .
In the matter of pronunciations of BrEng names , it is an old-fashioned fantasy of Americans that Brits go round saying POM-frit for Pontefract : most Brits that I have heard give the name a spelling pronunciation these days ; and so with many of the old shibboleths .
Being at WBRC learning to cope with the disability was a major feat for Miyares .
No one at the FAA or the airlines that day had ever dealt with multiple hijackings .
It is wonderful to be able to write this letter to you as a special friend of the Leukemia Society of America .
Assume that the retailer wishes to provide a 95 percent order-fulfillment rate for this SKU , that the retailer checks inventory once per week , and that the manufacturer 's lead time to deliver replenishment units is overnight .
Had Jessica been thinking about Tyrone 's zone , she might have framed the items on her list this
In addition to that behind-the-scenes role , MCCOY has taken an out-front role in developing a Summer Bus Pass , neighborhood youth councils , and the We Value Youth information line .
Rather , the intensity of adult support depends on where the task falls within the child 's zone .
What does he do ?
Speed of delivery has increasingly become part of the competitive equation .
We can not identify whose voices can be heard .
Tuition for the 1999-2000 school year is $ 6,250 and is expected to go up next year .
He also showed me the newspaper clipping .
Your National Audubon Society membership also gives you the opportunity to be part of the Audubon Network .
He could go and make more his self if he would get off his butt and do it .
In 1990 , 73 percent of all workers in this industry were classified as working in the sewing department ; 91 percent were sewing machine operators .
I have a savings account .
Girl Scouting 's many friends who have been the recipients of good wishes , we have enhanced our facilities and programs to increase the joy that Girl Scouting brings to all girls .
No , someone brought Mom the necklace as a gift .
The value of the coefficient can vary from zero -LRB- if demand is exactly the same every week -RRB- to numbers much greater than one for wildly fluctuating weekly demand .
Thus , in modern parlance , when a person goes off half cocked -LRB- or at half cock -RRB- , he or she is not in control of the situation .
We would all slide the windows down on the bus open the door , stick your head out the door , you could n't hear anything coming that way , you could n't hear anything coming the other way , and he 'd just drop it in low and gun it , we would make it another morning .
My prize example was uttered by the incomparable Cher , during a morning-show interview .
She performs a single operation on each garment in the bundle .
At 9:29 , the autopilot on American 77 was disengaged ; the aircraft was at 7,000 feet and approximately 38 miles west of the Pentagon .
Some , like French , Spanish , Italian , and Portuguese , had more in common with one another than they did with , say , German , English , Swedish , Danish , and Dutch , which , in turn , bore only a remote resemblance to Russian and Polish , on the one hand , and the two extant varieties of , say , Gaelic , on the other .
Dentistry has been a part of my life for as long as I can remember .
Now you watch a lot of television do n't you ?
And they put out the , the word that yes , they had killed him .
I remember going down to the church and there was a group of men there that were organizing an uh , evacuation of all the valuables of the church , take them to the second floor .
And take advantage of offers on select Audubon products .
As a result , 60 percent of our budget comes from United Way of Central Indiana , 10 percent from schools , and the remaining 30 percent from the generosity of business , our own fundraising activities and individual gifts .
The Science Department is in the process of renovating the labs and other facilities in order to provide our students with science instruction that is second to none .
IUPUI is growing and so is the English Department .
Yeah I had to take it , as children ?
We are returning to the airport .
The idea of a metal stand carrying a pyramid of cannon balls so delicately balanced as to be affected by the tiny differential expansion of brass and iron does not bear thinking about in a heavy sea .
As you know , SEND is a neighborhood-based organization investing in Greater Fountain Square 's housing , youth , and economic future .
A gift to Pleasant Run means the children in our care will have presents to open .
Because they were living in a , in an apartment basically .
You should n't drink that non-pasteurized milk , but hey , it never hurt us .
If you need this book , it is probably too late ' unless you are about to take an SAT or GRE .
Indeed , it is not clear to us that the video teleconference was fully under way before 9:37 , when the Pentagon was struck .
Smacked my chest .
In contrast , suppliers that have continued to innovate and expand their use of the four practices , as well as other activities described in previous chapters , keep outperforming the industry as a whole .
As a male reader , I get strong vibrations from this book that the authors advocate the paranoid view that everything in the language that is not exactly as they would like it to be is the result of a gigantic hate program against women .
He also made use of the already-established Third World Relief Agency -LRB- TWRA -RRB- headquartered in Vienna , whose branch office locations included Zagreb and Budapest .
$ 1 invested in preschool education for a disadvantaged child saves $ 4.75 in later special education , welfare payments , crime , and other costs .
Um , well , let 's see , so do you think that those experiences helped you figure out the kinds of things you liked to read ?
I firmly am committed to that .
One other technical innovation deserves mention here , partly because it illustrates why the most sophisticated equipment is not always appropriate for factory operations .
Finally , turning to her toilet , she rested her face in her hands , and gave a sort of groan .
It 's just one of those things , you know that happened .
Rukeyser 's Sphinx was not very affable , either . -RRB-
Al Qaeda 's role in organizing terrorist operations had also changed .
Knit fleece goods are commonly joined by a seaming operation called over-edging in the factory -LRB- and overlocking sewing in home use -RRB- .
I 've not been able to corroborate this explanation , but I 'll never forget it .
What about Piaget 's belief that through make-believe , young children solidify their new symbolic capacity ?
That sounds like fun .
Um , now why did you decide to stay in Charlotte to go to school ?
How old were you when she shared this story with you ?
As a donor to the School of Dentistry , you are making a significant investment in dental education in Indiana .
Although by age 4 children know that not all TV programming is real , they judge TV reality according to whether the images resemble people and objects in everyday life .
The subassemblies for the collars , backs , fronts , cuffs , and sleeves might be on one side of a center aisle down the factory floor and the major assembly steps on the other side .
When was that ?
So , I said , No , I said , I 'm not going to be able to go .
It 's a relatively painless experience and not very cumbersome to deal with , not bad .
. . I chucked him out the door and he 's not been back innerwards .
Knitting mills now account for almost 30 percent of production employees engaged in textile manufacturing .
Perhaps one day we shall find an Etruscan library , buried deep in the Italian countryside ; but for the present , we have to make do with what we have , which is precious little .
Every Japan veteran has his list of favorite mistakes .
Proposition 3 The assembly room ` the traditional focus of attention for industry competitiveness ` can provide competitive benefits only if other more fundamental changes in manufacturing practice have been introduced .
The parent or teacher intervenes only when the child is truly stuck , granting the child as much opportunity to master his or her own behavior as possible .
You know what ?
Your involvement will be greatly appreciated .
Gradually , spike one 's guns came to mean ` frustrate the enemy by blocking his intended plan of action .
Since a second copy exceeded the first by one hundred percent , it was considered an abundance .
You now have the opportunity to help your school honor Dr. Phillips by contributing to an endowed professorship in his honor which will help assure continuation of his work .
After bloody struggles , the Sunni became -LRB- and remain -RRB- the majority sect .
Right now , there are thousands of people who do not know what it feels like to support themselves .
It is difficult to make any sensible connection between the lives of authors and their creations .
oy not so much a word as an entire vocabulary , as Rosten can express any emotion , from trivial delight to the blackest woe .
They have already transformed channel relations in such industries as food and grocery , home-building products , personal computers , and office products .
-LRB- Careful feminist writers avoid unthinking use of imagery redolent of colonialism and militarism . -RRB-
At 8:41 , Sweeney told Woodward that passengers in coach were under the impression that there was a routine medical emergency in first class .
Unless I 'm like , when I go home for like Christmas break , after being there for like two weeks , it was like I 'd never moved out and we get kind of like tense with each other .
Yeah , he 's down .
The syllabication of headwords is not an important feature in British the Collins English Dictionary , which offered an elaborate system in its first edition -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , set the words solid in its second edition -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , but I am informed that the major portion of the correspondence received at Collins Publishing concerning the dictionary concerns this change and is critical of it .
In preschools and kindergartens , behaviorist tenets were used to justify large-group drill on letters , numbers , and general knowledge as well as repetitive worksheet practice that required young children to sit at their desks for long periods , filling in blanks , coloring within the lines , and otherwise following teacher prescriptions .
She wondered what would happen if she could take one child from the city and place that youngster where she was now -- in the midst of this beauty and serenity .
Dental hygiene is proving to be an exciting and rewarding career , both in private practice and community settings .
But technical innovations have aided the operators .
Each year , we help thousands of people who face tremendous obstacles .
I have enclosed a membership application for your use or you can call us at -LRB-800-RRB-749-2257 to join today .
In 1989 , the law school received $ 38,912 in matching gifts from 55 companies .
Sweeney told Woodward that she and Ong were trying to relay as much information as they could to people on the ground .
Uh , they 're speculating it 's from the aircraft .
That nine minutes ' notice before impact was the most the military would receive of any of the four hijackings .
But some very clever comparative linguists , beginning in Germany in the 19th century , theorized about how the nature of the ancestors of the more modern tongues .
Did he ever tell you any other stories ?
Five years .
Intelligence clearly linked the bombing to Libya 's Colonel Muammar Qadhafi .
For example , sketches or photos can be draped with material of different colors and patterns .
No state dollars are available for this project .
1 . Determine if the company you or your spouse works for has a matching gift program -LRB- through the personnel office -RRB- .
What did you choose ?
The going gets tougher , however , as the two meanings of the answer move further
As a key part of its efforts , Defense created National Guard WMD Civil Support Teams to respond in the event of a WMD terrorist incident .
At 7:18 , Mihdhar and Moqed entered the security checkpoint .
Rounding a bend , with the sun now behind us , the show suddenly transforms to green moss , yellow sand , blue-green conifers .
The President told us his instinct was to project calm , not to have the country see an excited reaction at a moment of crisis .
I like working and making money .
I guess one of the other authors I like a lot uh is C.S.
I spent hours daydreaming and looking at old pictures of Mom , Dad , Sarah , and me .
This information infrastructure proved most beneficial when it gave Penney 's major vendors access to sales data via direct broadcast satellite .
In other words , the savings created in throughput reduction in assembly were lost on the shipping dock .
What a pleasure , for example , to discover that one who has been tagged out at home plate is the victim of an out-throw .
Is he your favorite superhero ?
But technical innovations have aided the operators .
Shortly thereafter , the passengers and flight crew began a series of calls from GTE airphones and cellular phones .
Much research confirms that overloading children with input leads to disorganization of behavior .
This year 's Annual Appeal goal is $ 65,000 .
One admiral declares that he was literally thus cradled , under the breast of a gun-carriage .
So now I 'm going to run three pools over the summer .
In particular , retaining some short-cycle capacity may be advantageous for production of SKUs with higher levels of demand variation , whether because of fashion content or uncommon size ` that is , for garments that have unique design elements or are in a size few consumers wear .
Umm , go ahead and tell me about a story .
Throwing up .
He trained in desktop publishing and combined his enthusiastic work ethic with new-found skills in a burgeoning industry .
Denim is from de ` from ' + Nimes , the town .
The Retail Fallout
A Feminist Dictionary , edited by influential Cheris Kramarae and Paula Treichler along with Ann Russo , suggests the style and the substance of some recent feminist discourse .
There is nothing wrong with any of -LSB- these images -RSB- in themselves .
Every time we stop I want you to get off and let whoever I 'm letting on , in and then you get back in , sit on the step .
The kids need your leadership now more than ever .
I just ca n't remember .
Well , who told you that story ?
During the 1980s , however , the amount of inventory held by Federated ballooned while it faced bankruptcy .
That 's what they 're speculating , that 's speculation only .
The employers in the stable shops with employees whom they were anxious to keep suffered as much as we did because the union was weak .
crapulous , crapulent What this suggests would , of course , only occur to pre-pubescent boys and has nothing to do with the real meaning of drunkenness , overeating .
When a pattern piece is cut from the lay , the cutter then makes the notch cuts indicated on the marker .
One of the passengers who mentioned a bomb expressed his belief that it was not real .
This one-time staple has been replaced by shirts of dizzying diversity in fabric , design , and style , providing the final consumer with a huge assortment of shirts while exposing retailers and manufacturers to increased risk of holding large volumes of unsold goods .
I also had conversation with American Airlines , and they 've told us that they believe that one of their stewardesses was stabbed and that there are people in the cockpit that have control of the aircraft , and that 's all the information they have right now .
In the matter of pronunciations of BrEng names , it is an old-fashioned fantasy of Americans that Brits go round saying POM-frit for Pontefract : most Brits that I have heard give the name a spelling pronunciation these days ; and so with many of the old shibboleths .
We invite you to sponsor a bench .
Uh , it 's interesting how , uh , stories become so impressionable the younger the hearer .
It was something that they were in a position to do one time and no one before or no one since could ever reduplicate it .
In contrast , suppliers that have continued to innovate and expand their use of the four practices , as well as other activities described in previous chapters , keep outperforming the industry as a whole .
I feel like it 's that way everywhere .
However , these tax credits are only available for a limited time , so we ask that you act soon if you would like to use them .
Based on our 1992 survey , we estimated lead times for two different standard lead times that represent performance for a typical product in the supplier 's selection and shortest lead times that indicate a supplier 's best practice .
Believing they had only a minute or two , the Vice President again communicated the authorization to engage or take out the aircraft .
\ \ They was n't ghosts .
But not every kid is as lucky as Nick .
To the best of our recollection , this may be the only instance in which the origin of an expression has been traced to a statue .
Oh , you want a cracker !
I have nobody here to guide me .
High demand variation similarly occurs during the beginning and end of a product life cycle .
A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , she says .
These advancements simply would not have been available without contributions from alumni and friends of the school .
Because several passengers on United 93 described three hijackers on the plane , not four , some have wondered whether one of the hijackers had been able to use the cockpit jump seat from the outset of the flight .
Miyares spent the next four months in hospitals in Japan and the U.S. before being medically discharged from the Army with as service-connected disability for diabetes .
Putting another ply on top the same way creates an additional problem .
The word Yiddish derives from the German judisch ` Jewish .
Under the command of state governors , they provided support to civilian agencies to assess the nature of the attack , offer medical and technical advice , and coordinate state and local responses .
I look forward to seeing your name on our membership list .
Ricky alternately named the numbers he recognized and counted items as they passed through the checkout .
Afterwards , the Bishop walked among the crowds , eating their picnic lunches .
She then told of the stabbings of the two flight attendants .
The next two chapters examine apparel operations , starting with a look at the use of information technologies and automation equipment in the preassembly stages of garment-making -LRB- Chapter 8 -RRB- and then the sewing room -LRB- Chapter 9 -RRB- .
Well , he milked the cow every morning , but that day , he could n't milk her , because the gunfire was so heavy , and because everything was falling near the house .
Notice how Alison 's imagination ranges far beyond the immediate play props before her ' a tea set , a toy truck , and an ambulance .
Basic items also represent a major percentage of all apparel goods sold .
Do you remember the names of any of them ?
The controller only heard something unintelligible ; he did not hear the specific words we have some planes .
It is far better for anyone to kill a single American soldier than to squander his efforts on other activities , he said .
How does the YWCA differ from other organizations that provide health , fitness , social and education services ?
How was it going to high school in Charlotte ?
In addition , the full donation of $ 1,000 can be itemized as a federal income tax deduction .
This lesson was applied , using Tomahawk missiles , early in the Clinton administration .
One of the flights that received the warning was United 93 .
Your mother was n't real happy about that .
The bull start making his noises and all that other stuff .
Some machines have an automatic thread-trimmer to do this step ; if not , then the threads must be cut and the finished work put in an appropriate pile to be tied together when all the pieces of the bundle have been finished .
One admiral declares that he was literally thus cradled , under the breast of a gun-carriage .
These people are living proof that your investment pays off .
These were part of a larger network used by diverse organizations for recruiting and training fighters for Islamic insurgencies in such places as Tajikistan , Kashmir , and Chechnya .
The President and the Vice President The President was seated in a classroom when , at 9:05 , Andrew Card whispered to A second plane hit the second tower .
Dental hygiene is proving to be an exciting and rewarding career , both in private practice and community settings .
It 's just one of those things that you know , you just do n't think people want to hear much about these days .
At about 9:00 , the senior NMCC operations officer reached out to the FAA operations center for information .
It 's hard to explain exactly how camp can change a child 's heart .
Collins allows the Scots pronunciation , but , I am sorry to report , favors the English .
My mom believes me , because she knows I 'll go .
And , as a Palestinian , he saw Israel as the top priority for the next stage .
The first is that I find their interpretation of the evidence often skewed ; the second is that while adjustment to lexicon , which they have always strongly advocated , is one thing , modification of grammar is another .
Late last Spring , we established an account for the IGGS Scholarship to help defray the tuition costs for an undergraduate major in Geology at IUPUI .
I do n't remember , but only , only a fractured collarbone , which I recommend to anyone that needs to break a bone , break a collarbone .
Mr. Joseph Hymes ' Do Mistake'Learn Better -LSB- XV ,1 -RSB- brought to mind the time a Japanese acquaintance told me of a friend of hers who decided to tackle the original English version of three books she had enjoyed while in Japan .
The doctor sewed up her leg .
This machine picks up cut material from a carousel at one end and delivers finished sleeves at the other .
Information regarding inadequate classrooms , moot court facilities , offices , the library and support service areas follow the above paragraphs .
It 's not a family story .
Please send any survival tips for third and fourth year dental students to me , in care of IUSD !
Infants tried all manner of signals ` facial expressions , vocalizations , and body movements ` to get their mother or father to respond again .
Because several passengers on United 93 described three hijackers on the plane , not four , some have wondered whether one of the hijackers had been able to use the cockpit jump seat from the outset of the flight .
American Airlines dispatchers also tried , without success .
Rosentraub Associate Dean of SPEA at Indianapolis
Charles Delaney asks for further examples of onomatoplazia . Here are two which misled me for
She uses speech derived from that conversation to refiect on the thunder , allay her fear , and help her wait until Deb 's task is finished and they can go inside .
That will only be the first step toward healing the pain of having been abandoned several times , neglected , and denied the happy childhood that should be every child 's birthright .
Through conversing with others , we try to make puzzling events and behaviors understandable .
Actually , my sister wrote a story on it .
We had a large tractor-trailer parked out front and uh , these guys all assembled to take the pews out of the church .
None is the combined Old English ne ` not ' + on ` one .
Like in most schools in Charlotte , if you go on other sides , it 's like everybody 's just white , but in my school , there was every kind of person you could ever meet .
Two days a week , Kevin leaves his office 45 minutes early to take charge of his 2-year-old daughter , Sophie , while her mother , a university professor , teaches a late class .
Do feel like it 's changed a lot ?
Our faculty are involved in the community , working with city officials , conducting research , and providing the community with expertise and service .
Feminists ponder causes , implications .
Shall we finish it off ?
As work progresses through a typical sewing plant , it is also common for a special order to disrupt the flow .
Now that manufacturers of power tools and ball bearings talk about their products as fashion items , the apparel industry'always subject to the whims of fashion ` has much to say to any industry that involves retailing .
Cleveland even told the Command Center it was prepared to contact a nearby military base to make the request .
In addition , they overstated the FAA 's ability to provide the military with timely and useful information that morning .
Computer images can be viewed on the local area network or even put on the Internet in a secure form .
Even on so small an island as Taiwan the Mandarin-speaking ex-mainlanders can not converse with the Taiwanese-born majority who have not bothered to learn Mandarin .
Not so paleolinguistics , or the reconstruction of ancient languages .
In the words of a newspaper ad for a language school , Do Mistake'Learn Better .
In addition to that behind-the-scenes role , MCCOY has taken an out-front role in developing a Summer Bus Pass , neighborhood youth councils , and the We Value Youth information line .
When a pattern piece is cut from the lay , the cutter then makes the notch cuts indicated on the marker .
While that has not been literally proposed -LRB- as far as I know -RRB- , the fact that the men 's names appear first has been used by some feminists to illustrate the manifestation of an attitude that women have had to put up with all these centuries .
State financial support is unlikely to increase significantly during the remainder of this decade .
This organization 's structure included as its operating arms an intelligence component , a military committee , a financial committee , a political committee , and a committee in charge of media affairs and propaganda .
Perhaps the second system can not access events stored by the first , making the earliest events of our lives forever irretrievable .
I urge you to support your alma mater so that we can continue to make you proud of the degree that you hold from this institution .
Half challenge .
According to one call , they voted on whether to rush the terrorists in an attempt to retake the plane .
Any Muslim who rejects his ideas is just one more nonbeliever worthy of destruction .
I am sure you will understand my writing to you once more about the important work of the American Cancer Society .
Recently we read that how children turn out is mostly written in their genes ; there 's little we as parents can do about it .
So they would , they would always come to me , and they told me , Ma'am , sell us milk , sell us yogurt , sell us cheese , or sell us a , a hog , a plump hog , well I had to sell them , and I am going to sell , he 'd said , if you sell them to everyone else , sell to us , too .
Your gift to Goodwill will help us do even more this year because your gift will be used to directly support our work .
Your contribution to Goodwill will mean more than you may know .
At first glance , it might appear that almost all of the cloth is used in the marker ; in fact , only 90 percent has been covered in the layout of 108 individual pieces .
` Cause we 're like , now I can say this because I 'm older or whatever and I can like deal with it , I 'm exactly like my dad .
On 9/11 , the terrorists turned off the transponders on three of the four hijacked aircraft .
Because introducing changes at any step may unbalance the system as a whole , technological innovations have not easily found their way into the sewing room ` which may be out of sync with what an integrated retail-apparel-textile channel requires .
In any event , it is hard to discern , from the arch style affected in an attempt to make dull facts interesting , just what is the origin of sow one 's wild oats . In many entries , Claiborne labors the obvious , offering little or nothing we do not already know , could easily imagine , or for which the author offers no explanation .
Notwithstanding the unfortunate fact that the gathering and assessment of citational evidence is not what it should -LRB- or might -RRB- be , I should still put my money on professional lexicographers and their resources rather than on M and S.
Do you remember little Pierre ?
Nonsexist language is no universal antidote .
In the mid-1990s , Nordstrom ran newspaper ads promising , for certain products , that if the size or color of an item the customer wished to purchase was not in stock at the store , Nordstrom would locate the desired item and mail it to the customer at no additional cost ` both the item and its delivery were free .
She did not display signs of panic and did not indicate any awareness of an impending crash .
She would save everything .
So , early that morning , that afternoon , I came down from San Miguel , and I told him , I 'm going to go .
Though novel for its open endorsement of indiscriminate killing , Bin Ladin 's 1998 declaration was only the latest in the long series of his public and private calls since 1992 that singled out the United States for attack .
I , I do think they read to them when they are little .
Hmmm , might be an abalone shell .
All understood the plane had been hijacked .
Not until 1998 did al Qaeda undertake a major terrorist operation of its own , in large part because Bin Ladin lost his base in Sudan .
Besides going to Valencia for paella , the compleat traveler in Spain should experience duende . This is not easy to arrange , however , for duende , unlike paella , can not be made to order .
Your past support of the Challenger program has been critical to its success these last four years .
In a time when higher education , and graduate programs in particular , are suffering from a lack of funding , we are positioning ourselves to remain in a leadership position with outstanding faculty , students , and private support from alumni and friends of the program .
For W9 's exemplary precision in telling us what vocabulary entries and dictionary entries are is offset by its vagueness about which type of entry its PR-wallahs have counted for their blurb .
Daddy , Daddy , Daddy send those girls to get those filthy cigarettes .
I was under the impression it was based on Webster 's Ninth Collegiate Dictionary , and indeed it was ; but there are so many improvements and changes that the absence both of a Longman copyright notice and of any identification of a specific editorial director are a bit mysterious .
It was , when the first one arrived , the first soldier , and he said , Er , ma'am , make , he said , some four , six rations , he said , because plenty of soldiers have come , and I 'm going to inform the other houses .
People here at the school have asked for the opportunity to support students and recognize his good work by participating in the Steven L. Bricker Scholarship Endowment .
By combining our assets , we can make a difference .
Your gift to Goodwill will help the many people who want to tell their own stories of success .
According to Campbell , the only godlike female figure in the Bible is the Virgin Mary , and she appears , identified as virgin , only in the Gospel according to Luke .
In 1998 , CCI served 31,484 individuals right in their own backyards .
Safire can not be accused of being copy-proud -LRB- except , evidently , of awful puns , as in Ms. is deliberately msterious , but at least it is not deliberately msleading and other mscegenations -RRB- .
Without those conversations , this level of insight is slow to develop .
We hope the events of the near future will not .
At the same time or shortly thereafter , Atta-the only terrorist on board trained to fly a jet-would have moved to the cockpit from his business-class seat , possibly accompanied by Omari .
It exemplifies the support and encouragement that the faculty and community provides .
When most people think of apparel design , they see fashion designers and models on runways .
Well , it was n't light yet when the gunfire starts .
Thank you for your ongoing support of our great school !
Again , let me assure you that we would appreciate receiving one million dollars from you and each of our 161 alumni .
Don Quixote is listed in the Appendix , but I could not find him in the dictionary , nor could I find quixotic , Queen of Sheba , Jeeves , Venus , Einstein -LRB- for ` genius ' -RRB- , Hitler -LRB- for ` demagogue , tryant ' -RRB- , Attila the Hun -LRB- for ` barbarian ' -RRB- , Robinson Crusoe -LRB- for ` castaway ; lonely person ' -RRB- ` but man Friday is in ' Horatio Alger , Narcissus , etc. .
Thank you again for sharing our hope for a future without cancer .
I read everything I could get my hands on .
As I recall , I 've never asked you for a contribution ... until now .
-LSB- the tenor -RSB- brings the opera to its climax in his final suicide .
American narratives rarely dwelt on misdeeds and , at times , even recast children 's oenses as strengths ` as indicative of quick thinking and an active , spirited disposition .
This method helps children move beyond concrete objects by looking for higher-order relationships ` in Sydney 's case , categorizing puzzle pieces by color and shape .
Genes and peers do not supplant adult agents , including parents , grandparents , aunts , uncles , family friends , and teachers .
The independence Cameron gives Urban is phenomenal .
At eight or ten stitches an inch , it is possible to seam thirteen to sixteen or more inches a second .
The other is of the newer , playful genre , often referred to as cryptic ; but this designation is by no means universal .
So that helped you learn about people that you had not necessarily met .
Through the youth mapping process , it was confirmed that the positive opportunities for youth on weekend evenings were lacking .
Does he ever let you drive the car ?
Thank you in advance for your contribution and interest in dental hygiene education .
We 're told that one aircraft is down but we do not have a pilot report that did it .
After being in and out of Egyptian prisons during the 1980s , Abdel Rahman found refuge in the United States .
But caring adults like you can reach out and help .
They welcome the chance to belong , to become self - sufficient , to regain their self-esteem and confidence .
Finally , turning to her toilet , she rested her face in her hands , and gave a sort of groan .
Is it like a gun ?
Basic products are prime candidates for lean retailing because such a product style remains in a retailer and apparel company 's product line over much of the selling season and often over several years .
Five-year pledges are essential , and will be recognized at the IDA Annual Session and in school and professional publications .
Be that as it may , a later Australian visitor to English drizzle might feel nostalgic when thinking of the parched and thirsty but water-obsessed vocabulary developed in the drier areas of our sunburnt land .
He did not know that other aircraft had been hijacked .
Do you think that 's what she wants ?
Rusine should be added to the supplement of English words ending in - ine -LRB- p.
And so what year does that make you , are you a -- ?
He also stresses grievances against the United States widely shared in the Muslim world .
By the 1990s , high birthrates and declining rates of infant mortality had produced a common problem throughout the Muslim a large , steadily increasing population of young men without any reasonable expectation of suitable or steady employment-a sure prescription for social turbulence .
In part , that is attributable to the designation of his correspondents , who keep him informed on language that is not within earshot , as the Lexicographic Irregulars , an amusing reference the first time or two it was used but now beginning to cloy .
On the other hand , one would hate to lose the information that might be contained in past years ' selling patterns .
Do you read yet ?
These are dead people that are --
It is based on an array of selective and equivocal findings , mustered to convince readers that parenting eects are confined to how children behave in parents ' presence and do not extend beyond the home .
In The Bride of Lammermoor -LRB- Chapter V -RRB- , we are informed that the heroine placed certain restrictions on their intercourse , a limitation that might have been more usefully set in that same author 's Rob Roy -LRB- Chapter VII -RRB- where we are told of the chance that the narrator and Miss Vernon might be thrown into very close and frequent intercourse .
Perhaps you 'll even save a life .
The message , again , that I get from the story , for me personally , was that there would always be a special connection between me and God , and actually was just another of the ways my grandmother put for me to learn , or believe , that I could do anything , I could be anything , because I had a special connection and special protection , um , from not only her , which was more important for me at the time .
' For English , this means a capacity to add the Latinate onto the vernacular , then Greek onto the Latinate , so that you can eat a hearty breakfast , and be cordial afterwards without suffering from cardiac arrest .
We need to get the military involved with us .
If approval was given , the orders would be transmitted down NORAD 's chain of command .
And , um , my junior year of high sch , high school , we moved into like the city , the west side of Charlotte , and I went to West Meck , and that was a , um , culture experience , \ \ I guess \ \ .
Once constructed , this persisting psychological self serves as an anchor for unique experiences , which are retained easily as long as they become personally meaningful .
I was always into those kinds of heroic things , um , so I read a lot of those things .
To our knowledge none of them had ever flown an actual airliner before .
Because you are an organization that cares , you are invited once again to be an integral part of this fabulous event as a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction ' 99 .
At the dawn of a new millennium , a fresh set of theories of child development has blossomed .
Three of the flights had actually taken off within 10 to 15 minutes of their planned departure times .
The first pertains to operational performance , or the ability of a supplier to respond to lean retailing replenishment requirements .
All of this is a minor irritation to the user , but Philip Gove wanted to save space at all costs .
In many other places , the ancient sites lay buried ` and still do ` beneath modern modern property owners quite understandably take a dim view of tearing down their buildings on the off chance that the remnants of an ancient town will be found several yards below .
And uh , me and my friend there we 'd always sit together in the first or second seat on the bus .
The information-integrated channels developed in the United States , which are now influencing sourcing patterns from Mexico and the Caribbean Basin , have begun to affect the textile and apparel sectors worldwide .
We were very proud that our class stepped up and made a difference for young deserving students - just like we were 20 years ago back in 1980 !
Outraged , several Libyan members of al Qaeda and the Islamic Army Shura renounced all connections with him .
Or the flight attendants may just have been in their way .
The Operations Center located at FAA headquarters receives notifications of incidents , including accidents and hijackings .
In addition , gifts provide essential support in a number of other areas , including recruitment of new faculty members and students , maintaining our Career Services office , securing guest speakers , supporting the school 's commencement and publications
There are many difficulties inherent in adducing citational evidence unsupported by frequency .
Three months later , when interviewed in Afghanistan by ABC-TV , Bin Ladin enlarged on these themes .
Therefore , I stand uncorrected .
None are reported to have received a significant response .
And how they use to take their lunches to school and some of the things they took for lunch like fatback meat biscuits and -- .
Yeah , we got ta get-we got ta alert the military real quick on this .
At 9:41 , Cleveland Center lost United 93 's transponder signal .
Though Turabi had been its inspirational leader , General Omar al Bashir , president since 1989 , had never been entirely under his thumb .
A Stitch in Time is organized into five sections , roughly corresponding to the channel components .
It costs $ 225 to send one child to camp .
Instead , they obey their caregivers and go to bed .
And I said to him , I 'm not going to be able to go .
Together , I believe that we can make a contribution which will be very meaningful for the students at the school .
All my digits um , still work .
In this way , the adult evokes from the child his or her current knowledge and , on that basis , can scaold more eectively .
Or if they ever will at all ?
Britain and North America are not only literate , but dictionarate .
We have provided an invoice to facilitate your gift .
I just ca n't remember .
In interviews with us , NEADS personnel expressed considerable confusion over the nature and effect of the order .
No it has n't because my grades are still pretty bad .
Although these advances are encouraging , our work is far from complete .
Repeatedly between 10:14 and 10:19 , a lieutenant colonel at the White House relayed to the NMCC that the Vice President had confirmed fighters were cleared to engage inbound aircraft if they could verify that the aircraft was hijacked .
He also lost the head of his military committee , Abu Ubaidah al Banshiri , one of the most capable and popular leaders of al Qaeda .
Throughout much of the post-World War II era , the majority of men 's shirts sold in the United States were white dress shirts , primarily through department stores .
Therefore , the amount of finished goods in the manufacturer 's distribution center needed to satisfy weekly demand for all SKUs depends on the cycle times of the plants supplying finished product , and what fraction of production is made in each plant .
Okay , you read that from the Vice President , right ?
In fact , a production line is probably never in perfect balance .
Quiet now .
When toddlers begin to speak , their main interest is in talking about what people do and the consequences of their behavior .
'Cause we have got confirmation - He did not land .
We always had books lots of books .
But between water and watt there are fifty-four main entries in Cobuild and 148 in CED . They share such entries as water biscuit and waterworks . But in addition CED alone enters water measurer -LRB- a ` bug ' -RRB- , Watford -LRB- a ` town north of London ' -RRB- , etc. .
Increased profit came from missing fewer sales by being in stock a higher percentage of the time .
These are challenging times for public institutions of higher education , with legislative appropriations unable to fund schools to the level they have in the past .
At 9:36 , the FAA 's Boston Center called NEADS and relayed the discovery about an unidentified aircraft closing in on Latest report .
As you know , major changes in dental education are under way throughout the country .
Consider a study of the relationship of maternal employment to first graders ' academic and social competence .
Every Japan veteran has his list of favorite mistakes .
Um , I guess the time when I was four .
She wondered what would happen if she could take one child from the city and place that youngster where she was now -- in the midst of this beauty and serenity .
An arresting one occurs in A Passage to India -LRB- Chapter XXI -RRB- in which Forster describes a small building as a flimsy and frivolous erection , while in The Mayor of Casterbridge -LRB- Chapter XVI -RRB- the Mayor himself beheld the unattractive exterior of Farfrae 's erection .
If there is something wrong , it behooves us to get at the roots of the problem , not to flail about wildly , for only after the source of a disease has been identified can one properly investigate its cure .
In this competition for legitimacy , secular regimes had no alternative to offer .
As it turned out , the NEADS air defenders had nine minutes ' notice on the first hijacked plane , no advance notice on the second , no advance notice on the third , and no advance notice on the fourth .
He quotes an Andalusian artist , Manuel Torres , as having exclaimed of composer Manuel de Falla 's Nocturno del Generalife , Todo lo que tiene sonidos negros tiene duende -LRB- ` All that has black sounds has duende ' -RRB- .
Because of this , most expensive automation equipment is concentrated in preassembly , drawing on multi-shift operations .
And I could n't , well , do anything else .
English-types -LRB- like us -RRB- thrive in an environment that fosters dialogue .
When was the last time you stopped at IUPUI since you graduated ?
Now I am writing to ask if you would continue your support with a further donation for 1990 .
However , the excitement and motivation of that goal is often diminished by the difficult financial constraints that students experience .
America is under attack .
His checked bag was screened for explosives and then loaded on the plane .
I pointed out to him that if they made available a proper manual the number of calls could probably be reduced to 6,000 .
Garlic is compounded from the Old English gar ` spear , ' and leac ` leek .
Unfortunately , most American employers do not provide this option , and many parents ` especially , single parents ` can not aord it .
Please make checks payable to IU Foundation for the Timothy J. O'Leary Periodontal Endowment Fund .
If there is something wrong , it behooves us to get at the roots of the problem , not to flail about wildly , for only after the source of a disease has been identified can one properly investigate its cure .
But what about a reference by MacNeil 's partner , Jim Lehrer , to some ten thousand black gold and diamond miners -LSB- on strike in South Africa -RSB- .
Any of these
Both individuals agreed that the teleconference played no role in coordinating a response to the attacks of 9/11 .
Fortunately , not all reports are as disturbing as Hochschild 's .
Tell me about Batman .
According to Campbell , the only godlike female figure in the Bible is the Virgin Mary , and she appears , identified as virgin , only in the Gospel according to Luke .
I am asking for the support of the families of Herron students to help maintain this vital program .
Such information is very likely to be misinterpreted by the average user , who does not approach a dictionary with a critical eye .
Perhaps Aman will sharpen his perspective and techniques and institute such interviews as a regular feature of Maledicta .
Who would have been telling you those stories ?
Men are seldom assigned to review them , possibly because the editor fears that they will be either ignorant of or unsympathetic to the issues raised , if not biased against them , or because the editor is a woman .
If you help me , I said , to move my livestock to Chapeltique .
Well , it would probably been things like living back in the hills of TN and having to ride a mule to school , things like that .
And I said to him , I 'm not going to be able to go .
The aircraft 's identity or type was unknown .
In a recent provocative study , sociologist Arlie Hochschild spent months getting to know employees at a large Midwestern corporation she called Americo .
The knitting machine produces cloth as the loom does but uses a different method .
Bottom-up the young being inducted into school at an early age and proceeding , level by level , to institutions of ever higher learning , stopping off for various reasons at various levels , usually marked by tests and the distribution of certificates providing a social grade .
With over 18 years experience , we have found that many conflicts between young people are rooted in attitudes and prejudices that exclude and target individuals and groups .
I can not overemphasize the importance of your support .
One of the flights that received the warning was United 93 .
A moment later , the clear , high-pitched sound of the whistle could be heard over the Rabbi 's final shofar blast .
We brought them back in the afternoon , when I saw that , behind her there came a big group of , they looked like soldiers , but in street clothes .
And to request confirmation , they might well say You do it exactly this way !
It came over the chat .
Two such hints , however , have only a few possible answers in common , so that the solver can concentrate on them and pick the most probable one .
And the Family Studies Project is planning a journal .
Another book that I read recently is very interesting books The Journals of Lewis and Clark .
Vivacious , stimulating parental behavior , including frequent questioning , instructing , and pointing out objects , is beneficial for reserved , inactive infants ; it helps them become interested in and engaged with novel toys .
Your gift to Goodwill will help us do even more this year because your gift will be used to directly support our work .
Note that the work in a shirt plant is generally grouped into production lots of 1,500 shirts if the progressive bundle system is used .
In the new competitive arena ` where demand uncertainty and time to market have become important factors along with price ` textile firms are being forced to adapt to information-integrated channels , rather than just drawing on the economies of scale that led to their success in the past .
At that point , the second call was cut off .
Because you are an organization that cares , you are invited to become an integral part of this fabulous event by becoming a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction ' 99 .
The operation was not cost the United States lost two planes .
Mitch , in contrast , scores low on fearful distress and high on positive mood .
Presumably FAA would have provided such information , but we do not know how long that would have taken , nor how long it would have taken NEADS to locate the target .
At last , he has found success in a job that he loves .
Authoritative parenting , whether assessed through direct observation or older children 's ratings of their parents ' communication , is linked to many aspects of competence .
Did you write this ?
Thank you for your generosity .
Tax dollars that would have been spent on public assistance are saved .
Your Third Prize notwithstanding , Duncan was murdered several pages earlier .
I urge your consideration of joining the Maennerchor Society by making a gift of $ 1,000 per year .
The Retail Fallout
At 9:57 , the passenger assault began .
-LRB- -RRB- When cancer comes up I 'm just pretty , pretty interested in it , to find out what they went through and I can relate to it .
True , there is an occasional mention in his column of a point raised by a correspondent , and the Letters section of the Magazine prints a comment from time to time , but an important feature of the books is their inclusion of far more writer-reader interaction than one might suspect from reading the column alone .
Being at WBRC learning to cope with the disability was a major feat for Miyares .
Well , this story , and I must tell you , I have n't read this in The Bible , so I do n't know if it 's totally accurate , but I prefer to get it like There was a huge crowd of people , and , um , Jesus decided that what he wanted to do was to , uh , entertain the little children .
Outstanding Herron students are honored on this special evening of recognition with gifts from local companies and individuals .
Gifts of $ 100.00 are more are recognized through various ways by the school .
You know what ?
Well , and I forgot to tell you when the soldiers came , to my house , the guerrillas were there , the guerrillas went back .
These funds would insure that scholarships are available to students as long as there are students to support .
By the autumn of 1993 , U.S. commanders concluded that the main source of trouble was a warlord , Mohammed Farrah Aidid .
The history , culture , and body of beliefs from which Bin Ladin has shaped and spread his message are largely unknown to many Americans .
Once again , the development of Web sites to undertake some of these connections represents an important first step in this direction .
Although we associate trench warfare with World War I , trenches were characteristic also of the Civil War .
By investing in the community through this partnership , you can help more than 220,000 people in central Indiana next year .
And so , uh , those things come about through the work of reading rather than through listening to some person on the street corner or , uh , gazing on TV .
I suspect that that is precisely the song 's origin .
Additionally , there is a tremendous need to upgrade the technological infrastructure of the school .
There is no intelligent life on this planet .
In 1996 , these figures will triple .
He could go and make more his self if he would get off his butt and do it .
J. C. Penney built an internal data communications network well in advance of its use with suppliers .
Some over-edge sewing operations common with knit goods actually trim the edges of cloth just in front of the needle ; in these cases any fused material from the laser cutting could be trimmed away .
Because Ballinger was still responsible for his other flights as well as Flight 175 , his warning message was not transmitted to Flight 93 until 9:23 .
Far more acquired valuable skills but lived in stagnant economies that could not generate satisfying jobs .
It scarcely needs pointing out that the British usage was not brought about by any sense of justice toward women but by the apparent fact that the people in Britain are not quite as uptight about usage as the Americans .
I said , Well you can use paint thinner or turpentine or gasoline .
While pretending , Vygotsky explained , children repeatedly face confiicts between the rules of the make-believe situation and what they would do if they could act impulsively , and they usually decide in favor of the rules .
We shall return to this point later .
This joint attention to objects and events fosters early language development .
Thank you for your continued financial support , and for remaining alert for neighbors who need a helping hand .
The hijackers were wearing red bandanas , and they forced the passengers to the back of the aircraft .
As the lead pilot explained , I reverted to the Russian threat .
However you choose to participate , I know you 'll enjoy being a part of the Herron School of Art and Gallery .
Finally , the cloth must be spread in as many layers of thickness as necessary to achieve the number of units requested or as many as can be properly cut at one time .
Please , consider renewing your support of these great kids today .
He said , Daddy I have to go poo-poo .
These are particularly tricky when short words , like articles or pronouns , are
Therefore , it is not surprising that most replenishment products are basics or fashion-basics with relatively stable Manufacturers are unwilling to hold speculative stock to meet replenishment requests from retailers for fashion products because the risk of holding those fashion goods in finished goods inventory is too high .
The word might also have been used for a receptacle near the guns where powder and balls were kept .
Daddy , Daddy , Daddy send those girls to get those filthy cigarettes .
NORAD officials have maintained that they would have intercepted and shot down United 93 .
Tell me about Batman .
Please send the largest contribution you can comfortably make .
Elbert , I just want to ask you uh , some questions about your experience with uh , stories .
The center also contacted the West Virginia State Police and asked whether any reports of a downed aircraft had been received .
new and creative research .
The syllabication of headwords is not an important feature in British the Collins English Dictionary , which offered an elaborate system in its first edition -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , set the words solid in its second edition -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , but I am informed that the major portion of the correspondence received at Collins Publishing concerning the dictionary concerns this change and is critical of it .
But I 'm also trying to teach them that they have to earn what they get , and to be part of making sure their lives are better .
The whole idea of such a procedure is enough to make one sweat bullets .
Some time later , I got still another version of MUSKRAT RAMBLE , with still another version of the title .
I want to thank you for your past support of the Visiting Nurse Service Foundation , Inc. .
If approval was given , the orders would be transmitted down NORAD 's chain of command .
That 's good , though , you need to , I guess .
Actually my first semester at Charlotte , I was a Pre-Business major to go into Marketing and Advertising , because I did that in high school , too .
And uh , I do n't remember the specifics as to what he did , but the bus driver Louie was about four and a half feet tall driving a 72-passenger diesel bus .
They 're making trincheras , they call them trincheras , where they 're putting mounds of stones near the houses , so that the bullets there .
These dialogues occur frequently and spontaneously as adults and children spend time together ` in everyday situations such as household chores , mealtimes , play , storybook reading , outings in the community , and children 's eorts to acquire all sorts of skills .
A number of developments , many linked to issues we have discussed , indicate both the potential and limitations of electronic retailing .
And your age ?
The aircraft was a Boeing 757 piloted by Captain Charles F. Burlingame and First Officer David Charlebois .
Bin Ladin was also willing to explore possibilities for cooperation with Iraq , even though Iraq 's dictator , Saddam Hussein , had never had an Islamist agenda-save for his opportunistic pose as a defender of the faithful against Crusaders during the Gulf War of 1991 .
24,000 community volunteers pick up 2 million pounds of litter , plant 1,200 trees and paint 50 homes for the poor and elderly .
Please RSVP to Tammy Jackson by Tuesday , November 2 , 1999 at 264-7555 , ext. .
Junn Quechua children have diculty with false-belief tasks for years after children in industrialized nations have mastered them .
J. C. Penney built an internal data communications network well in advance of its use with suppliers .
The vocabulary-building argument is a potent one for proponents of Latin education .
Do you enjoy -- ?
That 's why it 's such like a big thing , because my uncle , he went , he went into the military and then came out .
Because they 're going to set up a committee , he said to me , so that when those big battalions , he said to me , of guerrillas arrive , these people attend , for example , the president is going to talk to the rest so that they all get food together for them .
You can not touch , see , or hear the most important benefit of your Audubon membership .
Because you are an organization that cares , you are invited to become an integral part of this fabulous event by becoming a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction ' 99 .
I just kept reading until I finally had read almost every one of them .
Um , reading is fundamental as they say and it truly is .
Your support will help them go to work .
Let us start with the three groups of clues encountered in the classical crossword synonyms , superordinates , and definitions .
You 'd better do it right !
Here the answer is a definite yes .
This letter is to ask for your support in remembering your fellow classmate .
But not all fantasy qualifies as wish fulfillment .
Some maintained collaborative relationships with al Qaeda , but many disengaged entirely .
Shootdown authority was first communicated to NEADS at 10:31 .
I just really did n't ever love poetry for some reason .
Everybody 's family is different .
One gets the impression that the editors of L used the good stuff from the W and substituted their own , much better material when they encountered some of the bad stuff .
Yet the train trip across the country she will take at age 31/2 and her first day of kindergarten at age 5 may still be memorable when she is 80 .
There are sharp differences in the United States between organized labor and business and in the political arena as well .
Are you going to get gifts for anyone this year ?
Tuition for the 1999-2000 school year is $ 6,250 and is expected to go up next year .
All of this is possible because we are a statewide member network .
Finally , turning to her toilet , she rested her face in her hands , and gave a sort of groan .
Lean retailing has also changed the way the textile industry relates to both apparel producers and retailers .
Uh , it 's interesting how , uh , stories become so impressionable the younger the hearer .
Are you going to buy any gifts for people or make anything ?
At a time when many dental schools are closing or cutting back on programs , Indiana University is investing in and enhancing its own future .
Historians have often discussed the three estates of the Western world ` nobility , church , and commons .
But the highest-level Defense Department officials relied on the NMCC 's air threat conference , in which the FAA did not participate for the first 48 minutes .
Your contribution helped make it possible for us to provide our students with a quality education .
Recently in Chambers I came across the adjective perjink , a Scots word given also in Collins , but not in any of the other desk dictionaries I it means finical .
Coming to Goodwill was the first step toward my becoming totally independent .
One recipient of a call from the aircraft recounted specifically asking her caller whether the hijackers had guns .
I ca n't remember much family togetherness when I was a kid , Hannah remarked .
A guy with a bottle-shaped brown paper bag , damp and wrinkled at its upper end , has almost certainly been slugging down a sweet wine of high proof , and the odds are pretty good you would find it is a muscadoodle . After the guy finishes his Napa Valley smoke and has slept it off , he is looking for the means to get another muscat fix .
Do you remember the names of any of them ?
He had a pillow , one of those big pillows , and it looked red , all of it with blood and swollen like this . So he said , from the running down from several places , but the one that , this one -LSB- indicates eyebrow -RSB- , was , was too much .
You did a really good job .
The child 's mind , then , is a profoundly social organ .
Many business firms have casual days for office attire .
In this way , the adult evokes from the child his or her current knowledge and , on that basis , can scaold more eectively .
Through the year , we also offer a number of different programs -- including scouting , basketball and after-school activities -- to help children develop talents , character and self-esteem .
The measurements must still be transmitted to a CAD system that will automatically alter the pattern to conform to specific body measurements .
I might have been influenced by the preceding double is in tadashii . But I find that tadachi ni is frequently written and printed in two words , ni meaning ` in , ' so that tadachi ni just might be equivalent to something like ` in the immediate .
Short leaves of 6 weeks or less -LRB- the norm in the United States -RRB- were linked to maternal anxiety and depression and negative interactions with babies .
It had been publicly declared years earlier , most notably in a declaration faxed early in 1998 to an Arabic-language newspaper in London .
Wo n't you be a part of extending the promise with your gift today ?
Be that as it may , a later Australian visitor to English drizzle might feel nostalgic when thinking of the parched and thirsty but water-obsessed vocabulary developed in the drier areas of our sunburnt land .
The President and the Vice President indicated to us they had not been aware that fighters had been scrambled out of Andrews , at the request of the Secret Service and outside the military chain of command .
In 1971 , he opened is first business , a small New Jersey construction firm .
Profitability is measured as operating profit margin ` revenue minus costs of goods sold divided by revenue .
These undergo a natural course of development through direct contact with the environment during the first two years of life , similar to the process of exploration and discovery described by Piaget .
I shamelessly and freely borrowed the concept , making adaptations to fit our needs and used it as a direct mail appeal last fall ... samples enclosed .
At 8:34 , the Boston Center controller received a third transmission from American 11 :
As the explorer Ernest Giles put it , the explorer 's experience is a baptism worse than that of fire ` the baptism of no water .
Yiddish never apologizes for what it is ` the earthy , wise soul of an expressive people learning that life is but a mingled yarn , good and ill together .
And your age ?
So what has changed the prognosis for American apparel and textiles and provided new opportunities for these industries ?
Did you identify with any of these characters ?
That war , like others , produced disgruntled veterans and those more adventurous or more restless after military service .
The Hadith , which recount Mohammed 's sayings and deeds as recorded by his contemporaries , are another fundamental source .
Your contribution -- large or small -- through the Annual Fund will carry us one more step toward realizing the Purdue dream for the 21st century .
Then a unique marker must be created that combines different orders using the same fabric .
By 8:00 A.M. on the morning of Tuesday , September 11,2001 , they had defeated all the security layers that America 's civil aviation security system then had in place to prevent a hijacking .
The airlines bore responsibility , too .
We believe there is no more appropriate time to have a coordinated and collaborative effort to financially support the services MCCOY offers to the community as a whole .
Parents , as I noted earlier , often complain that they have too little time for children ` indeed , too little time to sleep , read , cook , exercise , and socialize as well !
Let me emphasize by further extending , in the quote above .
This guild of scholars is one of the most successful enterprises in the history of our species .
We lived between , between the border of Honduras and El Salvador .
go off half cocked Muzzleloaders , then as now , had a half cock , or safety position , for a gun 's hammer that partially back-locked the trigger mechanism so that the weapon could not be fired .
Yet a few years ago , it almost closed its doors due to a lack of applicants .
In addition , the full donation of $ 1,000 can be itemized as a federal income tax deduction .
Um , my mom has because she knows how important it is to me and everything like that and my dad actually two weeks ago when I went home , I do n't even remember why I went home , but I went home for something and he 's like , he 's still trying to convince me to double major .
I know about that !
Uh , we used to walk up to the local grocery store , uh , which was about three or four blocks away .
At 8:44 , Gonzalez reported losing phone contact with Ong .
If I was n't working here .
The book just tied right into it .
Our programs are provided to schools at a price far below our actual cost .
The growth of private-label programs among retailers in the 1980s exemplifies this trend .
Well , because it was really interesting stuff .
They took out all the rest -LRB- of the shrapnel -RRB- , but the one in his eyebrow , they could n't get it out .
Mass customization , however , has the potential to make tailor fit at least somewhat less expensive , as new systems combine features of the efficient factory system with attention to at least a few critical customer measurements .
They make up the class of Semantic Clue Elements .
Um , not too many stories about my dad 's childhood .
It is a pivotal time in the life of a young girl-when small changes in her behavior , or the choices she makes , can affect her future .
The costs associated with demand uncertainty , which were previously connected primarily with fashion products ` that is , the problem of selling a highly perishable item ` have grown enormously for apparel retailers .
It was not too bad early on , when , according to Miles , the seven Maccabean martyrs who saved Judaism did so only at the instigation of their mother .
The costs associated with demand uncertainty , which were previously connected primarily with fashion products ` that is , the problem of selling a highly perishable item ` have grown enormously for apparel retailers .
We believe such statements do not reflect an adequate appreciation of the FAA 's responsibility for the safety and security of civil aviation .
I guess I want to say that it 's been a real positive experience living here , because my , my mother really wants to move back up north because that 's where she 's from .
A Midwesterner , Will Hays , Jr. , who is proud of his knowledge of post-Civil-War history , tells me the following origin of shot , as in shotglass , absent from Gunning for the English Language :
Rosy , too , had seen the tune as Muskrat , Muskat , and Muscat . I asked him what he thought the original title was .
Presumably FAA would have provided such information , but we do not know how long that would have taken , nor how long it would have taken NEADS to locate the target .
Unlike PBS , however , SLS uses the single garment rather than the bundle as the unit of production .
I read a lot of other authors that were n't , were n't as good writers but also had interesting ideas .
And then , like now that I 'm in college , like I call her , like all the time and it wo n't occur that I should talk to my dad , too !
A small capital in Czechoslovakia
Moreover , significant increases in state financial support for public higher education are extremely unlikely during the remainder of this decade .
Ooh , one of my three older sisters .
I write to ask you to become a supporter of the Moving Company .
History and Political Context Few fundamentalist movements in the Islamic world gained lasting political power .
It is true that textiles firms still sell to apparel-makers , which in turn sell to retailers , which ultimately sell to consumers .
Many skills and life patterns , which are key components for self-sufficiency , are formed during this period .
Tacitly , Daly , like most feminists , invokes an earlier , quieter voice , that of Virginia Woolf .
Take a step toward making a difference in the lives of our young woman and recommit to the Girl Scout vision .
Our close neighbour .
Some time ago , Texans picked up a speech habit that is being acquired by the rest of the country .
The most important lesson we can take from Miller 's provocative findings is that when parents and teachers take time to construct narratives with and about the young child , they create a zone that spurs children to weave moral and social rules into their self-definitions and to behave accordingly .
His generous contribution to dentistry in 1971 has helped twenty-five orthodontic students so far to meet educational expenses ; and more students will receive scholarships this year .
The changes now going on have their analog in the last century , when technological innovations of the day like railroads , telegraph , and steam power ` developed for purposes far afield of retail , apparel , or textiles ` helped transform the mass distri-bution of goods and information .
And what 's your major ?
I should worry .
As one witness recalled , -LSB- It -RSB- was almost like there were parallel decisionmaking processes going on ; one was a voice conference orchestrated by the NMCC ... and then there was the -LSB- White House video teleconference -RSB- .
The controller checked his radio equipment and contacted another controller at 8:53 , saying that we may have a hijack and that he could not find the aircraft .
There seems little point in going any further , except to say that this is the Revised Edition ; one shudders to think of what might have been in the first edition .
What we are able to accomplish each year is a direct result of your generosity and your understanding of what it takes to provide the best legal education we possibly can .
The baby has learned that only when he is distraught will the parent reliably come to his aid .
Crisis managers at the FAA and the airlines did not yet act to warn other aircraft .
Bin Ladin went initially to Jalalabad , probably because it was in an area controlled by a provincial council of Islamic leaders who were not major contenders for national power .
Because of rapid brain growth and gradual decline in brain plasticity , the first 5 to 8 years of life are regarded as a sensitive phase of development in which appropriate stimulation is necessary for children to reach their full genetic potential .
Bin Ladin , whose efforts in Afghanistan had earned him celebrity and respect , proposed to the Saudi monarchy that he summon mujahideen for a jihad to retake Kuwait .
naches the ` glow of pleasure-plus-pride that only a child can give to its parents ' : This is my son , the Doctor !
But another aircraft was heading toward Washington , an aircraft about which NORAD had heard United 93 .
With all the activity , these facilities will be used more than ever !
During the 1980s , however , the amount of inventory held by Federated ballooned while it faced bankruptcy .
And it was one afternoon I was out playing on the uh , sidewalk and uh Mom was , Mom was in the kitchen doing something and I was , I guess pretending to act like a salesman and I went up to the front door and rang the doorbell .
Daisy is a combination of the Old English words , durges ` day 's ' + eage ` eye ' .
Working in its favor is a social contract with a three-part system established in every country in the
She further indicated that the hijackers were not aware of her phone call , and that they had put all the passengers in the back of the plane .
Got him just out of 9,500-9 ,000 now .
Today , in addition to one-on-one tutoring , we offer small group and English as a Second Language tutoring and video-based instruction for adults with learning disabilities .
In part , that is attributable to the designation of his correspondents , who keep him informed on language that is not within earshot , as the Lexicographic Irregulars , an amusing reference the first time or two it was used but now beginning to cloy .
Oh well , the cultural differences would come through in the writing , yeah , sure .
This method helps children move beyond concrete objects by looking for higher-order relationships ` in Sydney 's case , categorizing puzzle pieces by color and shape .
That is the basis of modern sewing operations in manufacturing facilities .
Thank , thank you for your stories .
They make up the class of Semantic Clue Elements .
We believe such statements do not reflect an adequate appreciation of the FAA 's responsibility for the safety and security of civil aviation .
Others who worked with ACM 's high school programming competition , with engineering 's super mileage vehicle , with RHllv1 's Baker 's Club , or with any of the School 's other activities helped to maintain traditions in their departments that future classes will be encouraged to continue .
' The atom was named before it was split .
Too many families have separate adult-child living areas , each equipped with its own TV and other leisure pursuits so that parent-child dialogues seldom take place .
Granddad had seen something one night .
However , despite exhaustive research , I am reluctantly forced to resort to the familiar lexical locution , ` Source unknown .
Mass customization , however , has the potential to make tailor fit at least somewhat less expensive , as new systems combine features of the efficient factory system with attention to at least a few critical customer measurements .
I just had a report that American 11 is still in the air , and it 's on its way towards-heading towards Washington .
Please make camp possible for all deserving Indianapolis children and send in a tax deductible contribution today in the enclosed envelope .
At 8:21 , American 11 turned off its transponder , immediately degrading the information available about the aircraft .
Clearly , this rosily checkered past was soon to be replaced , chiefly , it seems , as Judeo-Christian-Islamic-Confucian-Buddhist cultures flourished .
The operator must first select the work to be done , put aside the tickets that indicate she performed the sewing appropriate for those bundles and should be paid at the specified rate for the job , open the appropriate bundles , and position the pieces to be joined on the sewing table in preparation for sewing .
But if we did n't want to work with them , we should n't get them into anything with the mil , military , such as , informing on them , or something like that .
All on board , as well as many civilian and military personnel in the building , were killed .
Yes , I understand .
And in several of these random instances of pleonasm , truism , kinky syntax , malapropos metaphor , and just plain dumb things to say , I perceived the moroxonic spirit at work .
The air defense of America began with this call .
He returned to Afghanistan .
What about Piaget 's belief that through make-believe , young children solidify their new symbolic capacity ?
Through repetition of the task and coaching by experts , the operator would become very productive .
And , anyway , uh , anyway , went on from there , started doing a lot of stuff in college working with um one person specifically .
Cultures , and adults within them responsible for socialization , select dierent tasks for children 's learning .
Finally , I would remind Mr. Henn that the point of the Vietnam war has nothing to do with whether we called the country ` Nam or Vietnam . It is that today Russian military personnel operate their ships and planes out of our former base complex at Cam Ranh Bay while the political language Ho Chi Minh imported from Moscow is now current through all of Indo-China .
And , um , I just wish that my counselor would have been more helpful to me .
Please note that on your calendar .
Subcontractors who might do cutting as well as sewing are provided with enough fabric to make the order .
Salem al Hazmi cleared the metal detector and was permitted through ; Nawaf al Hazmi set off the alarms for both the first and second metal detectors and was then hand-wanded before being passed .
In the hands of an already successful scholar , the extras that endowments provide ensure continued success - for the scholar and the school .
Coming to Goodwill was the first step toward my becoming totally independent .
A successful U.S. apparel-maker , for instance , may assemble basic men 's khaki pants in average sizes in Mexico , taking advantage of low labor costs as well as Mexico 's proximity to the maker 's Texas distribution centers ; at the same time , this company can choose to manufacture products with more variable demand , like khaki pants with narrow waists and long inseams , in the United States , providing fast turnaround for retailers and lower exposure to inventory risk .
SPEA 's enviable reputation benefits everyone connected to the school - students , faculty , and most importantly , alumni .
Inside the NMCC , the deputy director for operations called for an allpurpose significant event conference .
She has a cut , see ?
They are thus a ready audience for calls to Muslims to purify their society , reject unwelcome modernization , and adhere strictly to the Sharia .
Thanks to our Big Sisters volunteers , these young people are self-confident , believe in themselves and are beginning to realize their full potential .
In all the ways just mentioned , parents and other adults are vital conveyers of culture , through direct teaching of attitudes and values and through the pervasive imprint of culture on the settings and activities they provide for children .
Um , I guess the only story that they ever say a lot about my grandmother was the fact that she did not like my mom when uh my father and she first got together .
Please send your check today .
Yet the income gap in free time is not large ; financially well-o individuals average only 2 to 4 hours a week less free time than do their less economically advantaged counterparts .
Establishing the target customer base is therefore a critical first step in any merchandising strategy .
How can parents beat the time bind ?
I guess I lay there unconscious awhile .
Islam is divided into two main branches , Sunni and Shia .
The NEADS technician who took this call from the FAA immediately passed the word to the mission crew commander , who reported to the NEADS battle Mission Crew Commander , Okay , uh , American Airlines is still airborne .
They would then take their body measurements to any of several participating retailers , who pass the information on to their apparel suppliers and have the clothing custom-made .
However , we recognize that gifts at the Maennerchor Society level are not possible for all .
The looking-glass image of utopia -- dystopia -- has provided more numerous additions to the English lexicon .
American 11 struck the NorthTower at 8:46 .
As explained in previous chapters , variation in weekly demand can be characterized by a standardized measure , the coefficient of variation , or Cv .
What happened ?
It 's kind of a , which is the cause and which is the effect , question .
And I said , I do n't have anybody , I said , hidden away .
The other aircraft referred to by New York Center was United 175 .
She waits tables like one night a week at another job to help put me through and everything like that .
Finally , measurement , fit , color , and texture remain central components of apparel sales .
And do you read a lot ?
-LRB- This , remember , was in my youth , and it was a time when typographical errors were called typographical errors , not typos ` at least by kids in junior high . -RRB-
While most of the group 's key figures had accompanied Bin Ladin to Afghanistan , Banshiri had remained in Kenya to oversee the training and weapons shipments of the cell set up some four years earlier .
Big Sisters are mentors and friends who empower girls to more fully reach their potential , experience life 's opportunities and perhaps begin to dream .
Here we will show how a decision tool can be used to make the transition from general intuition to specific decisions about -LRB- 1 -RRB- which products to make in each plant and -LRB- 2 -RRB- how to schedule the time and quantity of production for each product .
Yeah I had to take it , as children ?
It is similar with members low on the ladder of rank .
He also showed me the newspaper clipping .
Say again , slowly .
On the whole , readers can draw their own conclusions about the breadth of coverage ; as for me , I should -LRB- regrettably -RRB- sacrifice Montrachet to gain others .
In 1989 , the law school received $ 38,912 in matching gifts from 55 companies .
People like 74-year-old Margaret , who keeps active by playing bridge and taking classes in Spanish , aerobics and sewing at Heritage Place .
Manufacturers suddenly have much more to do than just make clothing ` they are being asked to do work previously done by the retailer , such as picking and packing the order for each store from the retailer 's warehouse .
Men say that , too , of course .
Do you think that 's what it was ?
Gifts to United Way helped provide shelter , medical care , counseling and job placement to end his homelessness .
Imaginative play , Vygotsky noted , also functions as a bridge from the concrete thought of the preschool and early school years to mature adult thought , which can be totally free of real situations .
. . Defication of humankind as supreme .
Some remain profoundly impaired by inadequate adult investment in their childhoods .
You can go out on the weekends but during the week it , you know , it should be study time .
I always had to get up early , milk the cows , and , uh , run , run them , as we say , because it 's a , to the pastures , until times got pretty bad , and one day , I sent my daughter to , to the pasture to bring in the cows .
Please join in this help with your gift today .
Creating and expanding opportunities for neighborhood businesses .
The parent always in a hurry ` who says , when the child desires involvement , There is n't time , or who fails to insist that the child join in household tasks in keeping with his or her capacity ` severely limits the child 's learning .
Well , one day , I sai , I was going from San Miguel , uh , to Carolina , my brother lived , my brother was the principal of that , of that school there , in Carolina .
When a baseball player is removed by the manager , the organist plays Auld Lang Syne .
Examples of franglais which they find particularly monstrous are , I hear , to be condemned to a newly created Mus ?? e des horreurs .
The long , disjointed document condemned the Saudi monarchy for allowing the presence of an army of infidels in a land with the sites most sacred to Islam , and celebrated recent suicide bombings of American military facilities in the Kingdom .
The connotation of gifted artistic performance , however , might stem from the gypsy culture in Andalusia whose dialect , cal ?? , has words like duquende -LRB- possibly from the Russian dook -RRB- meaning ` spirit or ghost , ' and duquendio , meaning ` maestro .
We 'll welcome their call and do our best to help them through the difficult time , so they can get on with their lives .
As Figure 6.6 shows , the safety stock needed to achieve a given customer service level is proportional to the standard deviation of the demand forecast .
Human Resources and Productivity Growth
Then the next day I do n't know if you were n't there .
I have n't tried opium , but can not imagine that Opium smells much like an opium den ; and it is impossible to guess at what the millennium will smell like .
It is not clear how the shootdown order was communicated within NORAD .
metapsychosis One of the finest of traps for the knowledgeable it has nothing to do with some over-arching , society-wide psychological illness like alcoholism or jogging .
To save this precious , historical land from developers , Audubon worked with a local bank and purchased this land for preservation .
The music industry , well , you want more of the juicy , sordid details .
What about high school into college into adulthood what are some of the books that you read ?
I would just scream and scream you know that , No , no , do n't do that .
The international environment for Bin Ladin 's efforts was ideal .
In this period , a number of key technological changes sewing machines that made many more stitches a minute , long knives instead of shears for cutting , and pressing machines .
We continue to assume that this SKU has the weekly demand distribution shown in Figure 6.1 -LRB- page 92 -RRB- .
When bar codes and EDI are combined with advanced shipping practices , the benefit of each practice is enhanced ; order processing occurs more rapidly , accurately , and with less paper .
When somebody orders custom-made clothing , his or her measurements are taken by a fitter in a store and , three to six weeks later , the garment appears .
These advancements simply would not have been available without contributions from alumni and friends of the school .
The other is of the newer , playful genre , often referred to as cryptic ; but this designation is by no means universal .
My cousin 's .
Gradually , spike one 's guns came to mean ` frustrate the enemy by blocking his intended plan of action .
Hold it as long as you can .
Increased rates of product introduction , product proliferation , and shortened product cycles mean that companies have to respond much faster to rapidly changing markets .
You can help make this valuable program available to many persons who are not currently benefiting from dental care .
It 's a relatively painless experience and not very cumbersome to deal with , not bad .
Putting another ply on top the same way creates an additional problem .
All The Little Monster Books , I ca n't remember what the individual names of them were but I 've read them all multiple times .
As a result , they do not have to be preoccupied with those needs and , instead , can turn their attention outward , toward acquiring physical , cognitive , and social skills .
At 8:28 , Boston Center called the Command Center in Herndon to advise that it believed American 11 had been hijacked and was heading toward New York Center 's airspace .
In the absence of information that the crash was anything other than an accident , the White House staff monitored the news as they went ahead with their regular schedules .
Here 's how it Simply detach the Care Card from the top of this letter and keep it handy .
Islam is a faith that brings comfort to a billion people around the world .
This chapter also describes a new approach to production and sourcing strategies , one that balances traditional and short-cycle production lines .
Did you have lots of storybooks at your house that were read to you ?
Two minutes later the transponder was turned off and even primary radar contact with the aircraft was lost .
If you believe that balderdash , you 'll believe anything .
And I think that brings a smile to God 's face .
More likely , they read wants as meaning ` desires ' rather than ` lacks , ' but that might well be a deliberate , facetious ambiguity .
They hid and , the soldiers came to the house .
It is unlike Dr. Aman to cloak his subject ` dirty language'under the euphemism verbal aggression : he and most of the authors of the articles appearing in Maledicta let it all hang out ; some , however , tuck it away neatly and write under a pseudonym .
Do you think that 's what she wants ?
We are also organizing an IU Periodontal Alumni Association that we discussed in Dallas .
In sociocultural theory , this joint , mutual focus is called intersubjectivity , or shared understanding .
Those who are not familiar with feminist writings may find it useful and interesting to consider a book , recently published in Britain , that is typical of the harsher brand of such works .
Well , my brother had a , cow , tied out , and a goat , the cow 's offspring .
I kept them in good shape until my last 78-rpm turntable died .
But between water and watt there are fifty-four main entries in Cobuild and 148 in CED . They share such entries as water biscuit and waterworks . But in addition CED alone enters water measurer -LRB- a ` bug ' -RRB- , Watford -LRB- a ` town north of London ' -RRB- , etc. .
And did you like living in Charlotte all your life ?
I kept them in good shape until my last 78-rpm turntable died .
I would just scream and scream you know that , No , no , do n't do that .
He views either of them as the instrument , the bond , of his not being able to pass on the crown to a successor of his choosing -LRB- or of his subsequent begetting -RRB- .
Many controllers work at the FAA 's 22 Air Route Traffic Control Centers .
In Bleak House -LRB- Chapter XXVII -RRB- Grandfather Smallweed , referring to Mr. George , warns Mr. Tulkinghorn that I have him periodically in a vice .
Um , I guess the only story that they ever say a lot about my grandmother was the fact that she did not like my mom when uh my father and she first got together .
When I first began to study German it took a while to learn that Gift was not something one wanted for Christmas , and that Mist was not cool and dewy , but warm and smelly .
` If it were not for the services they provide us , we older persons would not be able to get around to do our business , such as visits to doctors , grocery and drug stores .
Adjust the task to an appropriately challenging level , and tailor teaching and assistance to the child 's changing needs .
The jagged heavy line in Figure 6.5 -LRB- page 100 -RRB- depicts a typical inventory pattern for a replenishable product like our blue jeans in size 8 . Note that the inventory level drops gradually as consumers purchase the item .
All the lowest dives , the phoniest ginmills ...
The threat of Soviet bombers diminished significantly as the Cold War ended , and the number of NORAD alert sites was reduced from its Cold War high of 26 .
I had my second chance to change my life .
Consequently , Sydney begins to move toward independent solving of the puzzle .
From Fiber to Cloth to Finished Product
The optimal policy is one for which marginal increases or decreases in chosen inventory levels will not confer additional profits .
Furthermore , the repression and isolation of women in many Muslim countries have not only seriously limited individual opportunity but also crippled overall economic productivity .
American 77 was then 5 miles west-southwest of the Pentagon and began a 330-degree turn .
It is only from an article about CED that we learn it has 171,000 entries , which suggests that Collins means by references what Merriam-Webster means by entries . But CED and Cobuild certainly do not say so !
As of this date , we have received commitments for approximately forty percent of our goal to the Timothy J. O'Leary Periodontal Endowment Fund .
He appointed a new financial manager , whom his followers saw as miserly .
Make your contribution payable to the Indiana University Foundation with the designation for Law - Indpls .
The jagged heavy line in Figure 6.5 -LRB- page 100 -RRB- depicts a typical inventory pattern for a replenishable product like our blue jeans in size 8 . Note that the inventory level drops gradually as consumers purchase the item .
The aircraft 's identity or type was unknown .
They have already transformed channel relations in such industries as food and grocery , home-building products , personal computers , and office products .
These findings are not an indictment of maternal employment or nonparental child care .
We have provided an invoice to facilitate your gift .
What color is it ?
I still read history .
This means that half of your contribution will be returned to you through State tax savings , while the entire donation amount will remain deductible on your Federal taxes .
Which is really a story from beginning to end , I suppose .
At 10:00:03 , Jarrah stabilized the airplane .
As early as 11/2 to 2 years , children begin to talk about the past , guided by adults who prompt them and expand on their fragmented recollections .
Because Ballinger was still responsible for his other flights as well as Flight 175 , his warning message was not transmitted to Flight 93 until 9:23 .
The most up-to-date versions of automatic-cutting equipment , including the GERBERcutter , are even more effective .
It 's such a handicap not to read .
Like when I lived at home , we did not get along at all for anything in the world ; we would fight all the time .
words = terms -LRB- synonym -RRB- perverse = flag for anagram anagram of ` terms ' = MSTER the first person = ADAM without = outside -LRB- ! -RRB- ADAM outside MSTER = AMSTERDAM
There is conflicting evidence about when the Vice President arrived in the shelter conference room .
We first turn to the problem of forecasting sales in retail stores .
That 's the way , way it was , they 're big , plenty , if I were to tell you all the stories of what we went through , I tell you , that I 'd keep you all night . That 's how it was , it was said , but thank God in the family hardly -- The guerrillas also took out a man from the outskirts near the , the place where we lived , who was called Juan .
The hijacking began between 8:51 and 8:54 .
But after September 1996 , when first Jalalabad and then Kabul fell to the Taliban , Bin Ladin cemented his ties with them .
Can sort shapes into categories .
Why would n't you want to stay on Charlotte ?
They said the hijackers wielded knives and claimed to have a bomb .
As of this date , we have received commitments for approximately forty percent of our goal to the Timothy J. O'Leary Periodontal Endowment Fund .
All of the above techniques rest , in one way or another , on the meanings of words .
Even after controlling for the independent effects of firm size , product mix , and distribution channel on performance , we found that the most innovative firms were significantly more profitable than those that had adopted fewer of the key practices .
Saudi Arabia and the United States supplied billions of dollars worth of secret assistance to rebel groups in Afghanistan fighting the Soviet occupation .
Al Qaeda members could travel freely within the country , enter and exit it without visas or any immigration procedures , purchase and import vehicles and weapons , and enjoy the use of official Afghan Ministry of Defense license plates .
They were , um , they were best-seller type fiction from the um , 40 's and 50 's and 60 's and on , just , they were members of a book club and they got a lot of books that way .
It was all of those positive influences that I have to thank for opening my eyes to dentistry as a profession .
That 's a good attitude !
As you review the gifts you 've made this year I please consider a year-end gift to Herron School of Art .
At 9:03:11 , United Airlines Flight 175 struck the South Tower of the World Trade Center .
Nostalgia for Islam 's past glory remains a powerful force .
You will find attached this survey plus our directional statement -LRB- goals -RRB- for 1993 that is a direct result of the survey .
This could be a third aircraft .
American 11 struck the NorthTower at 8:46 .
It may help a family stay together .
Inside the National Military Command Center , the deputy director of operations and his assistant began notifying senior Pentagon officials of the incident .
In short , while leaders in Washington believed that the fighters above them had been instructed to take out hostile aircraft , the only orders actually conveyed to the pilots were to ID type and tail .
Six weeks of learning and exploring , sports , arts , and fellowship .
The emergency call lasted approximately 25 minutes , as Ong calmly and professionally relayed information about events taking place aboard the airplane to authorities on the ground .
They lived across the street from us in PA. .
Thus we now have the big A as well as the A-word and the M-question as well as the M-word . Perhaps we shall see such forms as the little A , the new A , or the A-option . If these variants prove productive , the lexicon of one-letter words could spread like wild flowers , as Sam Goldwyn once said .
A response card is enclosed for your convenience .
I guarantee you 'll feel good knowing you 've helped us touch a heart .
Earlier , on page 49 , we learnt about Agnodice , who lived to become the world 's first known woman gynaecologist , in the fourth century BC .
Enclosed is information that describes this program , as well as our community education initiatives in over 20 American Indian Nation .
For example , the success of The Gap 's jeans , J. C. Penney 's Arizona line , and Sears 's Canyon River Blue line has led to erosion of the market share held by the two leading jeans manufacturers , Levi Strauss and VF Corporation .
Um she used to , she used to walk every day .
Oh , can you think of any other stories ?
Did you ever see the ghost ?
Increased profit came from missing fewer sales by being in stock a higher percentage of the time .
Take a step toward making a difference in the lives of our young woman and recommit to the Girl Scout vision .
The forecasting and inventory models presented in this chapter are not new ; they have been recommended for years by statisticians and operations researchers .
A picture-restorer is one who cleans and restores and sometimes ruins old pictures .
I 'm told I 'm a lot like him .
As for Macbeth 's great bond , this is a crux over which commentators have argued for years .
He next spoke to Vice President Cheney , Dr. Rice , New York Governor George Pataki , and FBI Director Robert Mueller .
I also encourage you to seek additional support through your company , church , or service organization .
She had a washing machine but not , not a dryer so all the laundry get , got put hung out on the clothesline .
Please make checks payable to IU Foundation for the Timothy J. O'Leary Periodontal Endowment Fund .
And what can be done to ameliorate sweatshop conditions in developing countries that produce and export half of the apparel purchased in this country ?
My friend , a punster , spotted the fact that the plate nicely violated the no offensive plates rule .
I guess I read a lot of classic comics .
Um , do you remember everything that your mom , like when she 's telling the story , do you remember everything she tells or is some of it you remember and some of it you do n't ?
The Command Center 's national operations manager , Ben Sliney , ordered all FAA facilities to instruct all aircraft to land at the nearest airport .
And now as a trustee for our local Chapter , I 'm seeing first hand how our volunteer efforts are paying off for kids like Nicholas .
Please consider joining the Chairman 's Roundtable with a gift of $ 1,000 .
But because the iron balls and the brass holders had markedly different coefficients of expansion , the pyramids of cannonballs had a tendency to collapse during cold snaps ` weather that was cold enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey .
You went treating !
Beginning at 8:52 , the controller made repeated attempts to reach the crew of United 175 .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Of course , at that time my rent was $ 50.00 a month .
Wal-Mart is the most well known of the early lean retailers .
33 By 1994 , the Saudi government would freeze his financial assets and revoke his citizenship .
As a result , some of the fashion-oriented products that had been sourced offshore can then return to the United States .
In Bleak House -LRB- Chapter XXVII -RRB- Grandfather Smallweed , referring to Mr. George , warns Mr. Tulkinghorn that I have him periodically in a vice .
Our work on apparel supplier adjustments to lean retailing suggests that an economy characterized by an increasing level of modern manufacturing and retailing practices should experience lower levels of inventories relative to sales .
The Hazmi brothers , sitting in 5E and 5F , joined Hanjour in the first-class cabin .
No it was gas because you washed your legs all over because you did it in shorts .
She knew I was going to do it , but Dad was pretty irate .
Markets certainly have not disappeared , but these relationships have been transformed .
Chapters 13 through 15 examine the channel as a whole , from global , private-performance , and public-policy perspectives .
Sophie turned toward the teddy bear , lifted his paw , and exclaimed , She wants a lollipop to hold in her hand !
She asked her mother to alert American Airlines .
I just really did n't ever love poetry for some reason .
Indeed , efforts to use public concern , and at times outrage , to tackle the sweatshop problem go back to the early part of this century .
Historians have often discussed the three estates of the Western world ` nobility , church , and commons .
If you 're not from Charlotte , you 're not going to know where that 's at , but , um , it was really far away from everybody and behind the airport and stuff like that .
Take a few moments to list five or six competencies of a child you know well .
Quiet now .
Bin Ladin maintained connections in the Bosnian conflict as well .
Because they were living in a , in an apartment basically .
I just loved Cinderella . I also saw my sisters as the wicked stepsisters sometimes , and I was Cinderella , running around waiting on them .
The inaccurate accounts created the impression that the Langley scramble was a logical response to an actual hijacked aircraft .
I am happy to report that we have reached our 50 person minimum and the Class of '58 will be celebrating , as planned , at the Holiday Inn on Saturday , September 18 at 6:30 .
Oh well that was Rosemary , her mother was gone .
I was on this earth you know , I 've lived on this earth for some reason , I just do n't know what it is yet .
Command Uh , that 's a decision somebody 's gon na have to make probably in the next ten minutes .
I hope this correspondence finds you and your family doing well .
I liked that part .
And what can be done to ameliorate sweatshop conditions in developing countries that produce and export half of the apparel purchased in this country ?
traces the word from an episode of the comic strip Buck Rogers in the 25th Century written by Philip Francis Nowlan in 1929 -- Ahead of me was one of those golden dragon Mongols , with a deadly disintegrator ray .
I guess I read a lot of classic comics .
Other extremists had , and have , followings of their own .
I said , If you , if you would lend me your boys tomorrow .
Are you going to get gifts for anyone this year ?
Yeah , but I 've done it for so long , I 'm used to like lifeguard and like everything like that .
In the past eight years SEND has renovated over 70 homes for affordable resale to families , created more than 100 high quality apartments , assisted 20 businesses to expand or improve their facilities , created three new parks , and taught more than 200 youth work ethics and skills .
These social encounters oer children many opportunities to hear people refer to their own mental states and those of others and , therefore , to observe dierent points of view .
Also at 8:25 , and again at 8:29 , Amy Sweeney got through to the American Flight Services Office in Boston but was cut off after she reported someone was hurt aboard the flight .
` If it were not for the services they provide us , we older persons would not be able to get around to do our business , such as visits to doctors , grocery and drug stores .
In practical terms , this means that a retailer carrying a broader array of goods faces increased costs both for carrying goods in inventory that will not sell -LRB- overstocks -RRB- and running out of a good that sells beyond expectations -LRB- stock-outs -RRB- .
I have nothing particularly adverse to say about the book .
We noted earlier that a retailer 's decision about how much to stock depends on the demand forecast for the product , the level of product availability it wishes to provide to customers , the frequency with which it will place replenishment orders , and the lead time to acquire replenishment units .
The Herndon Command Center immediately established a teleconference between Boston , New York , and Cleveland Centers so that Boston Center could help the others understand what was happening .
For instance , in 1995 , the Labor Department sponsored the Apparel Industry Partnership , in which a number of U.S. apparel manufacturers , UNITE ! , the National Consumers League , the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility and others agreed to monitor compliance with labor standards of contractors .
Do you read yet ?
The Lord helped me for a reason .
Ironically , she notes , economically less well o parents find it easier to establish a viable dividing line between workplace and home .
To be fair , M and S also criticize identifications -LRB- mainly from news stories -RRB- of women as mother of five and other gratuitous characterizations that are not only irrelevant to the item 's newsworthiness but are rarely offered about men .
Let me assure you that we would appreciate receiving one million dollars from you .
Thank you for your continued financial support , and for remaining alert for neighbors who need a helping hand .
Perhaps the Proximity people thought that they had got round that little problem by giving the same definition for each of the items in the list ; but we know that only very rarely are two synonyms bi-unique -LRB- which is another way of saying that if A = B , B does not necessarily always equal A -RRB- , an ineluctable fact of language .
Do you feel like that 's just in Charlotte that that 's how the school systems are ?
These are in turn surrounded and supported by holders of school certificates and other qualifications .
For example , even at age 2 , they waited patiently to open a small gift until a guest had departed ` proper etiquette in Chinese culture .
When parents do make an eort , preschoolers watch less TV , find educational programs more appealing , and more often view shows with their parents .
Genes and peers do not supplant adult agents , including parents , grandparents , aunts , uncles , family friends , and teachers .
While most of the group 's key figures had accompanied Bin Ladin to Afghanistan , Banshiri had remained in Kenya to oversee the training and weapons shipments of the cell set up some four years earlier .
Uh , let 's see .
He liked to do little league and soccer with him , and we did all the things families do .
From Fiber to Cloth to Finished Product
In 1998 , CCI served 31,484 individuals right in their own backyards .
With its roots in Taylorism , each PBS task is given a target time or SAM -LRB- Standard Allocated Minutes -RRB- .
Constant Lambert noted The most successful time traveler of our days was undoubtedly Serge Diaghileff .
It is unlike Dr. Aman to cloak his subject ` dirty language'under the euphemism verbal aggression : he and most of the authors of the articles appearing in Maledicta let it all hang out ; some , however , tuck it away neatly and write under a pseudonym .
So this story was read to you by your cousins ?
It has been a busy time , for we have an ambitious agenda for growth and development .
The story that it comes from the song Green Grow the Lilacs , said to have been sung at San Jacinto , is an example of folk etymology .
What , ah , story in your childhood had the most impact on you ?
From there that was kind of frustrating me a little bit , going into , um , sessions every day or every night and having 15 people around me smoking fat blunts , drinking forties of Old English , and really not getting a whole lot of stuff done that was , it was , it was just depressing .
Al Qaeda leaders set up a Nairobi cell and used it to send weapons and trainers to the Somali warlords battling U.S. forces , an operation directly supervised by al Qaeda 's military leader .
He decided to make a brief statement from the school before leaving for the airport .
At the same time or shortly thereafter , Atta-the only terrorist on board trained to fly a jet-would have moved to the cockpit from his business-class seat , possibly accompanied by Omari .
Gifts to the Chancellor 's Circle will help pay travel costs to our city and campus for prospective faculty and their spouses , along with some relocation costs .
To help accomplish these goals we need your support .
Just how does imaginative play help children distinguish ideas from the enticing stimuli around them and use thought to guide behavior ?
So you feel like it 's a southern thing ?
Wages have risen relative to the average of all manufacturing or nondurable manufacturing .
Nevertheless , they constituted a potential resource for al Qaeda .
Over the last ten years , VNS has delivered over $ 1 million worth of free services to the citizens of Central Indiana .
Lean retailing itself implies a dramatic reduction in the amount of inventory held by retail enterprises .
FAA controllers at Boston Center , which had tracked the first two hijackings , requested at 9:07 that Herndon Command Center get messages to airborne aircraft to increase security for the cockpit .
And I 'm like , I 'm trying to convince him to , you know , if I do n't make it and there 's a strong possibility I wo n't , I know that , I 'm not stupid , I 'm nor going to go to L.A. and make five million or more than that --
In the fall of 1993 , another such delegation went to the Bekaa Valley in Lebanon for further training in explosives as well as in intelligence and security .
skinflint In many parts of early America , necessities such as flint were scarce .
It wo n't bother you , the cold weather and stuff ?
Everyone talks nowadays about making dictionaries user-friendlier .
None are reported to have received a significant response .
In early childhood , it predicts positive mood , self-confidence and independence in mastery of new tasks , cooperativeness , and resistance to engaging in disruptive behavior .
According to the blurb on the dust jacket of this distinctly unpleasant book , Rosalind Miles is head of the Centre for Women 's Studies at Coventry Polytechnic , a lecturer , broadcaster , journalist , and author of several other books , including a highly acclaimed biography of Ben Jonson .
Bin Ladin began delivering diatribes against the United States before he left Saudi Arabia .
Retail Replenishment Performance
Essentially , random fluctuation in demand can not be explained by trends , seasonality , cyclicality , or other factors like advertising and new product introduction .
Language appropriate to a basic ability to read and write , followed by the capacity to handle abstract usage , and , at a higher level , to be at ease with what Philip Gove in Webster 's Third called ISV , ` international scientific vocabulary .
Um , when you 're talking about your favorite stories , what was your favorite part of the story ?
Feminists have much to say about men 's claim that women talk too much .
Do you feel like that 's just in Charlotte that that 's how the school systems are ?
Why is reading so important ?
So I guess they went that far .
The law school 's 5,900 alumni are a distinguished group .
You may remember bumping into me somewhere along your path through college .
There 's , my dad reminds me from time to time .
Yet these nagging problems do not negate the need for a new approach to inventory management ; they merely indicate how complicated supplier relationships have become .
Many business firms have casual days for office attire .
I am sure I am not the first to point out Joseph Hynes 's , Do Mistake'Learn Better , -LSB- XV ,1 -RSB- mistakes in Japanizing English words , e.g. , sei fu not safe-o , nain not nine-o .
Yeah , he had a guy that would help him on Wednesdays , it was the local barber .
Although few retailers have embraced the complete set of forecasting and inventory models described in this chapter , lean retailers are moving in that direction .
It carried its full capacity of nine flight attendants .
Notice how , for the biological side of brain development to go forward , appropriate stimulation is essential while formation of neural connections is at its peak .
W lists the date of the earliest recorded use in English ... of the sense which the date precedes .
Did your dad read to you too ?
He could have learned of this from messages being sent by United Airlines to the cockpits of its transcontinental flights , including Flight 93 , warning of cockpit intrusion and telling of the New York attacks .
As for Macbeth 's great bond , this is a crux over which commentators have argued for years .
to which the other replied , Yes , put it in it , and pull it down .
However , some recent studies explore the connection between development of linguistic gender and sex/gender , and the question of anatomically determined language is fashionable . -RRB-
Duende -LSB- XV , 1 -RSB- may be absent in Italian and French , as Mr. Bria assures us , but it is alive and prospering in Portuguese .
The standardized shipping container marker ` which is possible only because of the existence of bar codes in the first place ` provides a scannable description of a carton that can be electronically associated with data files containing specific information on the individual products shipped to the retailer .
Sweeney told Woodward that she and Ong were trying to relay as much information as they could to people on the ground .
Today , in addition to one-on-one tutoring , we offer small group and English as a Second Language tutoring and video-based instruction for adults with learning disabilities .
A Treasury of the World 's Great Letters , Simon and Schuster , N.Y. , 1940 -RRB- in which he relates how he sends his native boy up a palm tree , where he cuts off a couple of vast nuts .
We 're just , we just we do n't know who he is .
The First Apparel Design and Patterns
And how old are you ?
Each narrative focused on a relatively exceptional personal experience .
There was no hijack to report at 9:16 .
Shootdown authority was first communicated to NEADS at 10:31 .
Bin Ladin began delivering diatribes against the United States before he left Saudi Arabia .
Cultures , and adults within them responsible for socialization , select dierent tasks for children 's learning .
The idea of a domestic command for homeland defense began to be discussed in 1997 , and in 1999 the Joint Chiefs developed a concept for the establishment of a domestic Unified Command .
Retail buyers of old grappled with this problem as they do today .
One of us will call you to discuss how your company can become an important highly visible partner with the JCC in support of our scholarship programs .
In the course of this chapter , I have had much to say about just how parents and teachers can capitalize on children 's natural propensities .
... One nation , invisible .
We need your participation in our activities and your financial support to help make our goals happen .
These new practices ` which we call lean retailing ` have compelled apparel producers to reorganize the manner in which they relate to retail customers , undertake distribution , forecast and plan production , and manage their supplier relations .
How does the YWCA differ from other organizations that provide health , fitness , social and education services ?
I would enjoy meeting with you and hearing how the School of Engineering and Technology has affected your life .
In Bleak House -LRB- Chapter XXVII -RRB- Grandfather Smallweed , referring to Mr. George , warns Mr. Tulkinghorn that I have him periodically in a vice .
The President and the Vice President indicated to us they had not been aware that fighters had been scrambled out of Andrews , at the request of the Secret Service and outside the military chain of command .
Hand guns of the fourteenth century were equipped with touchholes ; in order to discharge such a weapon it was necessary to touch it with a torch .
In terms of the retail bottom line , this risk appeared in the indirect costs associated with holding inventories of unwanted products and stock-outs of popular items .
From General Stores to Mass Retailers
So they would , they would always come to me , and they told me , Ma'am , sell us milk , sell us yogurt , sell us cheese , or sell us a , a hog , a plump hog , well I had to sell them , and I am going to sell , he 'd said , if you sell them to everyone else , sell to us , too .
The definition in the Third Unabridged was a model of clarity compared with that .
Richard Bauerls writes interestingly about the recent proliferation of one-letter words -LSB- XIV , 1 ; XV , 1 -RSB- .
The recorder captured the sounds of loud thumps , crashes , shouts , and breaking glasses and plates .
Your contribution will help with funding so Jameson Camp can continue providing the year-round camping experience that gives kids a chance to create dreams .
bar code Not the ethics of the legal profession nor the law that interferes with the corner conviviality , but the small rectangle of stripes -LRB- bars -RRB- on store merchandise that provides coded pricing and inventory information to electronic scanners .
What writers ?
Do you know what a teja is ?
Just before 8:14 , it had climbed to 26,000 feet , not quite its initial assigned cruising altitude of 29,000 feet .
It is spoken even in A beautiful girl awakens in bed to find a vampire at her side .
As our consideration of Anselmo and his parents revealed , doing the task for the child severely reduces learning and self-regulation .
But only four editors for such a massive work ?
So after two or three days he called Callgrove and said , Do n't bother coming in I found a guy better than you .
Miyares is a quick to share credit for his success with his business partner and long time friend Clay Chong -LRB- they own NUVENCO Group , a San Diego based product and business management firm where Chong is president and Miyares vice president -RRB- ; Chong 's wife , Jan , administrative supervisor for the organization ; and JoAnn .
OK , well um , are there any particular stories related to this or anything else you enjoy reading now or um , I mean , is there anything looking at what you experienced , is there anything , any type of stories that you like to read now or that you like to hear about now ?
Junior may have wrecked the car and daughter may have attained the age for orthodontia .
He argued that other extremists , who aimed at local rulers or Israel , did not go far enough .
No , it was first told to me by my grandmother , who is , um , was my first teacher , and remains my hero .
Presumably FAA would have provided such information , but we do not know how long that would have taken , nor how long it would have taken NEADS to locate the target .
These trainers were later heard boasting that their assistance led to the October 1993 shootdown of two U.S.
But there is something you can do to help .
The IUPUI Challenger Scholars Program encourages bright and dedicated students who want to teach to continue in that career path .
/ / The fine county of Gaston .
Now what about your mom ?
But of what use is a long entry on spoonerisms ?
In the 95 paper , I extend Tuleja my sympathies .
Anybody who asks Why a brass monkey ?
A Stitch in Time uses the U.S. apparel story to highlight the transformation of retailing and manufacturing across the board .
I mean literally you could just see it hang , it looked like a fire scene on the news it was awful .
At 9:03:11 , United Airlines Flight 175 struck the South Tower of the World Trade Center .
That is to say , beside Indo-European and Indo-Hittite , there must have existed an Indo-Slurvian .
Where ellipses occur , I have not bothered to copy down the entire list of offerings , selecting only those that struck me as odd , either because of the incongruity of the choice or because I could not , in the wildest flights of dyslexic , schizophrenic-fancy , imagine the criteria employed in arriving at the selections .
Not until 1998 did al Qaeda undertake a major terrorist operation of its own , in large part because Bin Ladin lost his base in Sudan .
Well , they must have because I still read fiction .
So , we stayed there .
You can see from the enclosed newspaper article the quality and diversity of those who receive this honor .
Thanks to our Big Sisters volunteers , these young people are self-confident , believe in themselves and are beginning to realize their full potential .
She did not display signs of panic and did not indicate any awareness of an impending crash .
They typically determined the specifications of the goods purchased , the volume purchased , and the price to be charged to customers at retail .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
We discuss the trade-off arising from providing new products with little information on consumer demand -LRB- fashion products -RRB- and replenishing items on the basis of sales -LRB- historically limited to more basic products -RRB- in detail in Chapter 6 .
He was defeated by the alerted , unarmed passengers of United 93 .
Enclosed is a specially prepared and entertaining crossword puzzle that challenges your knowledge about the law school .
The emergence of textile , apparel , and retail enterprises in the United States is full of fascinating twists .
Almost 80 percent -LRB- $ 390,000 -RRB- of our operating budget is consumed by programs to serve stray and unwanted animals -LRB- the National Charities Information Bureau 's standard is 60 percent -RRB- .
I will call you in a few weeks to discuss your level of interest .
Bin Ladin maintained connections in the Bosnian conflict as well .
Then he assists with a general prompt , Which piece might go down here ?
Other parents use a repetitive style .
-- the teachers were much more , I guess , I do n't know ???
The computer , on command , then connects the image of the points on its screen with a series of line segments that form the silhouette of the pattern piece .
So I remember silly things like that , that were a lot of fun . I read , uh , the story that , I do n't , this is n't , ah , I think the first real story that I read was , uh , The Red Badge of Courage .
Their actions saved the lives of countless others , and may have saved either the Capitol or the White House from destruction .
A robust economy helps by providing job opportunities , but to be honest , most of the people who are n't working today are quite simply the ones who face the greatest obstacles .
And leave a singed bottom all involved With stench and ...
Some over-edge sewing operations common with knit goods actually trim the edges of cloth just in front of the needle ; in these cases any fused material from the laser cutting could be trimmed away .
Salem al Hazmi cleared the metal detector and was permitted through ; Nawaf al Hazmi set off the alarms for both the first and second metal detectors and was then hand-wanded before being passed .
Low-cost labor overseas and the increasing penetration of imports have certainly undercut American apparel manufacturers ; apparel imports grew rapidly in most categories starting in the mid-1970s .
For your convenience , I am enclosing a copy of Form CC-40 , which should be filed with your Indiana State Income Tax .
The other name , native well is , as a later explorer David Carnegie , author of Spinifex and Sand -LRB- 1898 -RRB- , points out , a misnomer .
Slang 's space cadet ` an eccentric , especially one who is stuporous or out of touch with reality ' evolved from Tom Corbett , Space Cadet , a 1950 television series depicting the adventures of a 24th-century cadet in the Solar Guides , the interplanetary police force keeping order in the Solar Alliance .
Please keep in mind , requests for donations to the Capital Campaign are separate and will be made later this month .
For example , because of wage differentials between the countries , U.S. apparel-makers would need to be 2.5 times more productive than firms in Hong Kong to be competitive .
She knew I was going to do it , but Dad was pretty irate .
But some very clever comparative linguists , beginning in Germany in the 19th century , theorized about how the nature of the ancestors of the more modern tongues .
I recently purchased a new computer , and , because it operated on a system different from the one of my old computer , I asked a few friends to recommend a word-processing package that I might.find useful .
Bin Ladin seemed willing to include in the confederation terrorists from almost every corner of the Muslim world .
These capacities , in turn , ease the task of establishing an intersubjective connection , and that connection provides the platform for the creation of additional zones , enabling children to master complex , culturally adaptive skills .
Whose girls ?
Um , what other , now I know you worked with your dad in the beginning there when you were quite younger .
Some , like French , Spanish , Italian , and Portuguese , had more in common with one another than they did with , say , German , English , Swedish , Danish , and Dutch , which , in turn , bore only a remote resemblance to Russian and Polish , on the one hand , and the two extant varieties of , say , Gaelic , on the other .
Enclosed is a form you can complete and return to us in the postage-paid envelope .
Its only real faults are its title , which belies the content , the cutesy headings , and the lack of a truly detailed self-indexing does not provide coverage of sufficient detail .
No , they did n't , no , just that one .
Finally , as children participate in narratives and listen to those of others , they acquire culturally accepted ways for negotiating clashing viewpoints .
Around age 2 , children begin to pretend with less realistic toys , such as a block for a telephone .
Um , do you have a , one of those types of stories ?
By 10:45 there was , however , another set of fighters circling Washington that had entirely different rules of engagement .
However , when I highlighted antecedent , what appeared on the screen was the same list of synonyms but with antecedent missing , and preceding had reappeared .
Islam is a faith that brings comfort to a billion people around the world .
Such fund are often used for college tuition , vocational training or a deposit on an apartment .
Oftener than not , use of language establishes membership and social-cum-educational rank as clearly as any parchment .
Suits and pants require thread colors that match or blend with the shell fabric , and it is important to reduce the number of thread changes the sewing operator has to make .
In particular , advanced practices in distribution and modular production interact with each other because they both reduce throughput time .
Where is , where was this ?
But the highest-level Defense Department officials relied on the NMCC 's air threat conference , in which the FAA did not participate for the first 48 minutes .
At 9:57 , the passenger assault began .
If you 'd like to make a donation at a later date , please indicate your pledge on the invoice and return it to us .
It is true that textiles firms still sell to apparel-makers , which in turn sell to retailers , which ultimately sell to consumers .
Do you have a chance to re-tell this story , um , in your work or to your own children ?
In the past eight years SEND has renovated over 70 homes for affordable resale to families , created more than 100 high quality apartments , assisted 20 businesses to expand or improve their facilities , created three new parks , and taught more than 200 youth work ethics and skills .
Pages later -LRB- Chapter XXXVII -RRB- , it is acknowledged that He , too , felt that this was their last free intercourse .
As United 93 left Newark , the flight 's crew members were unaware of the hijacking of American 11 .
You can not touch , see , or hear the most important benefit of your Audubon membership .
That 's a little bit of pressure , though .
Whether clerical workers or executives , the majority confirmed the parental state of mind just They complained of overly long workdays and frenetic home lives .
The new world of rapid replenishment implies additional capabilities for both the retailer and manufacturer .
We thought it would be cool to see just how far a BB would shoot .
This year I have been teaching introductory geology laboratories .
You 'd better do it right !
And who told you that story ?
The Vice President was mistaken in his belief that shootdown authorization had been passed to the pilots flying at NORAD 's direction .
I know about that !
Laser-cutting equipment must be totally enclosed to be safe for human operators .
Such a plot had not been carried out anywhere in the world in more than 30 years , and never in the United States .
Miyares spent the next four months in hospitals in Japan and the U.S. before being medically discharged from the Army with as service-connected disability for diabetes .
In interviews with us , NEADS personnel expressed considerable confusion over the nature and effect of the order .
words = terms -LRB- synonym -RRB- perverse = flag for anagram anagram of ` terms ' = MSTER the first person = ADAM without = outside -LRB- ! -RRB- ADAM outside MSTER = AMSTERDAM
Yet the income gap in free time is not large ; financially well-o individuals average only 2 to 4 hours a week less free time than do their less economically advantaged counterparts .
The plane is making strange moves .
But my main object in choosing the passage was to illustrate the way in which Shakespeare could move from the literal to the metaphorical or metaphysical in his use of a legal term .
Please help Goodwill and help people find jobs .
It came over the chat .
Markets certainly have not disappeared , but these relationships have been transformed .
I know most of you will find it hard to believe , but we are about to celebrate our 35th Anniversary .
And , there is always a need for scholarship funds to help make college degrees possible for our students , most of whom come from central Indiana .
Chapter 3 , Generalizations , treats with good sense methods that can be employed to avoid sexism in a wide variety of constructions .
It is safe to say that lean retailers have also come out ahead , given their rapid growth in relation to , and at the expense of , traditional retailers in many different retail channels .
Between ages 3 and 4 , this detachment of make-believe symbols from the real-life conditions they stand for is well developed .
Often , an entry offers nothing in the way of etymology and merely explains the meaning .
On Flight 93 , however , the takeover took place 46 minutes after takeoff and there were only four hijackers .
In addition , they overstated the FAA 's ability to provide the military with timely and useful information that morning .
That 's the latest report we have .
It took somebody like Slater ` an indentured apprentice for over six years at the Arkwright and Strut 's plant in Milford , England ` to ferry the plans to America .
Computer images can be viewed on the local area network or even put on the Internet in a secure form .
That fund would allow us to grant a $ 500 scholarship annually to meritorious applicants with financial need .
Others are from families that are struggling to provide a healthy , happy environment but do n't have the resources to make it possible .
Michael was born with cerebral palsy .
Writing containing such labored figures makes for hard reading .
I 've done horrible , let 's just say horrible really , really bad .
Um , she always kept all her bills and expenses at an absolute minimum ran everything very efficiently kept an extremely tidy house uh .
We classify the SKUs into three those with high demand -LRB- averaging 5,700 units a week -RRB- and low demand variation -LRB- Cv = 0.6 -RRB- , those with medium demand -LRB- averaging 3,000 units a week -RRB- and medium demand variation -LRB- Cv = 0.7 -RRB- , and those with low demand -LRB- averaging 1,300 units a week -RRB- and high demand variation -LRB- Cv = 1.3 -RRB- .
They said the hijackers wielded knives and claimed to have a bomb .
We continue to assume that this SKU has the weekly demand distribution shown in Figure 6.1 -LRB- page 92 -RRB- .
Do you have a playtime at school ?
They seem to have him on a primary radar .
In this chapter , we will concentrate on the past hundred years , outlining major changes in American retail , apparel , and textiles that occurred before the 1980s .
Shall we finish it off ?
At 8:44 , Gonzalez reported losing phone contact with Ong .
By 1920 , over half of the spinning and weaving capacity was in the South , leading industrialization there .
Which is really a story from beginning to end , I suppose .
The traditional system of apparel assembly was designed to minimize the direct labor costs of assembly , not production throughput time .
This year , 1993 , marks the ten-year anniversary of the A. Rebekah Fisk Memorial Scholarship .
After all , what can one do with a language like English except come up with things like A SLUT NIXES SEX IN TULSA or I MAIM MAIMI ?
Please remain quiet .
You could n't leave it if you did n't rinse your glass out after you got drinking after you got done drinking it would stick to the glass to the point where you 'd have to scrape it .
They claimed they had a bomb .
The plane is making strange moves .
Projects such as this touch the lives of others and enhance the education of the students .
It is spoken even in A beautiful girl awakens in bed to find a vampire at her side .
Oh I 've done that a number of times .
The threat of Soviet bombers diminished significantly as the Cold War ended , and the number of NORAD alert sites was reduced from its Cold War high of 26 .
It was n't always like that .
There seems little point in going any further , except to say that this is the Revised Edition ; one shudders to think of what might have been in the first edition .
The new requirements stress closer attention to individual learning between students and advisers and emphasize the connections among literary study , writing , and linguistics .
Sarah hung out with another family in the neighborhood .
Together with those who were already donors , there are over 1,350 staff and faculty supporting the work of IUPUI with their gifts .
So , then , I grabbed him , and when I grabbed him , I put him under the bed , and I went outside .
At 9:32 , a third radio transmission came over the Keep remaining sitting .
We reach out to kids -- especially those from disadvantaged neighborhoods where the risks are highest .
9 About two-thirds of the production volume of our surveyed business units did their marker-making , spreading , and cutting in a single location .
How do they feel about your being a Theater major ?
Fulfilling his bargain with Turabi , Bin Ladin used his construction company to build a new highway from Khartoum to Port Sudan on the Red Sea coast .
United nine three , have you got information on that yet ?
When they learned a second plane had struck the World Trade Center , nearly everyone in the White House told us , they immediately knew it was not an accident .
Our studies of business units with differing levels of the four practices indicate that firms with the complete set of practices achieve similar or slightly better performance in regard to the percentage of goods delivered complete and on time , although these differences between business units are not very dramatic .
Twenty-three when he arrived in Afghanistan in 1980 , Bin Ladin was the seventeenth of 57 children of a Saudi construction magnate .
An envelope and giving card are enclosed -LRB- with checks payable to Indiana University Foundation -RRB- .
Quality assembly of garments from pieces of material cut according to a particular pattern involves operations that can be carried out almost anywhere in the world .
Act today to reserve your FREE CLOCK and become a member of the National Audubon Society .
Even when make-believe does fulfill a child 's wishes , such pleasure is not unique to play .
L uses a version of what I call the Moo Goo Gai Pan or Ah-oo-gah system , favored by newspapers because , though primitive , it is virtually unlike the W system , which requires even a casual user to deal with distinctions between a ?? , \ ? \ , ? $ and a \ ?
This machine picks up cut material from a carousel at one end and delivers finished sleeves at the other .
How old would you say you were when your cousins were doing this reading ?
Oh , he 's down ?
It is not widely recognized that in our community there are families in need .
It 's summertime , so it must be time for CAMP !
It 's just one of those things that you know , you just do n't think people want to hear much about these days .
' Keep Indianapolis Beautiful helps us do this by providing us opportunities to work with outstanding people in our community .
Laser-cutting equipment must be totally enclosed to be safe for human operators .
Your gift to the law school will be an investment in its continued excellence .
There is no arguing with taste , but even those who support the second tenet must admit that if researchers felt that way about cancer , syphilis , and AIDS , there would not be much point to research at all .
Pleasant Run cares for at-risk children and families .
About this time the Fasten Seatbelt sign would usually have been turned off and the flight attendants would have begun preparing for cabin service .
Business ventures led him from coast to coast , gaining experience along the way .
They assumed the fighter escort would be discreet , vectored to a position five miles directly behind the hijacked aircraft , where it could perform its mission to monitor the aircraft 's flight path .
Both plants are capable of making the same set of products .
That 's best thing , that 's the best play right now .
Who would want to wear such a scent ?
In those days , people as a rule did not take much care of phonograph records .
We brought them back in the afternoon , when I saw that , behind her there came a big group of , they looked like soldiers , but in street clothes .
Boston Center asked the Herndon Command Center to issue a similar cockpit security alert nationwide .
In some plants , the carts may contain up to a day 's worth of work .
On a farm and uh , she has some wild and crazy stories that she sat and shared with us .
Bin Ladin flew on a leased aircraft from Khartoum to Jalalabad , with a refueling stopover in the United Arab Emirates .
We have a bomb on board .
South Asia had an indigenous form of Islamic fundamentalism , which had developed in the nineteenth century at a school in the Indian village of Deoband .
However , a donation of $ 25 or more entitles you to official membership in the Alumni Association with the privileges thereof , 1 -RRB- The right to vote in the upcoming Alumni Association Board Member elections -LRB- currently two members of the Class of ' 84 , Maureen Althert and Brian Elson serve on the Board -RRB- ; 2 -RRB- An official Alumni Association decal and membership card ; 3 -RRB- A discount on Alumni Association apparel ; and , 4 -RRB- Eligibility for the Charity Raffle , $ 500 to be given to the charity of your choice .
In doing so , they invite children to judge the appropriateness of their requirements .
That 's the way , way it was , they 're big , plenty , if I were to tell you all the stories of what we went through , I tell you , that I 'd keep you all night . That 's how it was , it was said , but thank God in the family hardly -- The guerrillas also took out a man from the outskirts near the , the place where we lived , who was called Juan .
Between 7:03 and 7:39 , Saeed al Ghamdi , Ahmed al Nami , Ahmad al Haznawi , and Ziad Jarrah checked in at the United Airlines ticket counter for Flight 93 , going to Los Angeles .
These people and their successes are real .
In the hands of an already successful scholar , the extras that endowments provide ensure continued success - for the scholar and the school .
Your gift will also count toward the largest campaign for private contributions in the University 's history .
This does not necessarily translate into a desire for clerical rule and the abolition of a secular state .
We have concluded , from the available evidence , that the Vice President arrived in the room shortly before 10:00 , perhaps at 9:58 .
But the long lead times they require will increasingly challenge such arrangements .
It is the story of eccentric and violent ideas sprouting in the fertile ground of political and social turmoil .
The recurrent motif of time travel came to the fore in H.G.
As shown in the cases studied in Chapter 7 , production-cycle time and inventory carrying costs are two crucial parameters in making rapid replenishment sourcing decisions .
Your contribution will be used to recruit and retain quality volunteers .
Three minutes later , Sweeney was reconnected to the office and began relaying updates to the manager , Michael Woodward .
American 77 traveled undetected for 36 minutes on a course heading due east for Washington , D.C.
About this same time Sweeney reported to Woodward , Something is wrong .
In 1998 , Iraq was under intensifying U.S. pressure , which culminated in a series of large air attacks in December .
OK , how about you Mom ?
Each week 's demand has been divided by the average demand over the twenty-four weeks ; therefore , the average weekly demand is simply equal to 1.0 on this normalized scale .
Enclosed is a pledge card and return envelope to assist you in making your tax deductible contribution .
Since its re-organization , MCCOY has established its unique niche within the community by refraining from direct service programming and focusing on what it does helping to identify youth needs , convening groups of individuals and organizations which can address those needs , and moving toward collaborative solutions .
The computer , on command , then connects the image of the points on its screen with a series of line segments that form the silhouette of the pattern piece .
Of course you only had a thousand students through all those six grades .
The funds go directly to the students ' tuition .
We use terms like Neanderthal Man , Peking Man , etc. , without believing for a moment that there were no Neanderthal or Peking women -LRB- leaving aside Peking Toms -RRB- .
Please find it in your heart to renew your pledge or , if possible , increase it .
It was kind of , it 's sort of , it seemed unfair to me to , um , to subject her to that , and plus , I mean , the schedule was just starting to take a toll on me as well , and you can only put in so many 80 hour weeks before you kind of break down from it .
As you know , major changes in dental education are under way throughout the country .
By 1920 , over half of the spinning and weaving capacity was in the South , leading industrialization there .
Every meter of fabric destined for apparel production is normally inspected by the textile manufacturer .
Rukeyser 's Sphinx was not very affable , either . -RRB-
In addition to that , by helping them find jobs , Goodwill reduced the state 's Public Support tab by an estimated $ 4 million .
It was led by Ali Mohamed , a former Egyptian army officer who had moved to the United States in the mid-1980s , enlisted in the U.S.
In preschools and kindergartens , behaviorist tenets were used to justify large-group drill on letters , numbers , and general knowledge as well as repetitive worksheet practice that required young children to sit at their desks for long periods , filling in blanks , coloring within the lines , and otherwise following teacher prescriptions .
The computer , on command , then connects the image of the points on its screen with a series of line segments that form the silhouette of the pattern piece .
Anything else ?
-LSB- A message to businessmen from the Pasco County -LRB- Fla. . -RRB-
Perhaps one day we shall find an Etruscan library , buried deep in the Italian countryside ; but for the present , we have to make do with what we have , which is precious little .
Enclosed is a pledge card and return envelope to assist you in making your tax deductible contribution .
At first , children find it difficult to distinguish words and other mental symbols from the objects and actions to which they refer .
Allows children to learn , play , and develop friendships during their summer and holiday vacations .
I 'm going to cut it with the , a knife , the knot , so the cow can go and she wo n't die .
Bodenheim adds a Most of the above-listed terms are peculiar to Harlem , but some of them are also used by whites in other sections .
Intelligence clearly linked the bombing to Libya 's Colonel Muammar Qadhafi .
They were armed and under NORAD 's control .
They initiated their cockpit takeover within 30 minutes of takeoff .
After the Soviet Union 's twenty-year ban on Vygotsky 's writings was lifted in the mid-1950s , his major works reached the West .
In the same way , those who support equal rights for women would be well advised to concentrate on the issues at hand and not contaminate their cause with trivia , like whether Romeo and Juliet or Antony and Cleopatra ought to have the order of the names reversed in odd-numbered years so that women get top billing .
I feel sure that you will want to be one of that special group of donors who responded to this last solicitation from Cavanaugh Hall .
Meanwhile , a manager from Boston Center reported that they had deciphered what they had heard in one of the first hijacker transmissions from American 11 : Boston Hey ... you still there ?
As the tax year draws to a close I would like to urge you to make a tax deductible contribution for the support of Women 's Studies .
By this time , Bin Ladin was well-known and a senior figure among Islamist extremists , especially those in Egypt , the Arabian Peninsula , and the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region .
Right now , there are thousands of people who do not know what it feels like to support themselves .
At 8:26 , Ong reported that the plane was flying erratically .
Or the virtual impossibility of finding a quiet place to study or even think , so that the children can cope in school and one day have a chance of achieving something better ?
In the course of this chapter , I have had much to say about just how parents and teachers can capitalize on children 's natural propensities .
The young adults who leave Pleasant Run have those same feelings .
For Johnson 's Frenchie this becomes , Bid him go to hell , to hell he goes .
In order to do this , laboratories must be developed and maintained with equipment that will provide first-rate , hands-on experience for our students .
Unlike the earlier flights , the Flight 77 hijackers were reported by a passenger to have box cutters .
Yeah that 's one that I like .
Um , I wish I could think more .
That sounds dangerous .
Before we take up this emerging theoretical consensus , let 's address the question of whether greater parental commitment , in the context of today 's demanding and stressful work lives , is possible .
These include toys , books , television , computers , special lessons , weekend outings , time with grandparents and other extended family members , as well as the quality of child care , schooling , and the neighborhood they choose to live in -LRB- depending , of course , on the extent to which communities oer viable choices -RRB- .
Not long afterward , senior al Qaeda operatives and trainers traveled to Iran to receive training in explosives .
Because my family is by no means rich , but we never had that much trouble , so -- .
There was confusion at that moment in the FAA .
As if this earth in fast thick pants were breathing .
The Hijacking of American 77 American Airlines Flight 77 was scheduled to depart from Washington Dulles for Los Angeles at 8:10 .
What writers ?
In February 1996 , Sudanese officials began approaching officials from the United States and other governments , asking what actions of theirs might ease foreign pressure .
-RRB- Juvenal wrote his satire on Rome in the early years of the second century , during the reign of the Emperor Trajan .
Two minutes later , staff reported that they were still trying to locate Secretary Rumsfeld and Vice Chairman Myers .
Such information is very likely to be misinterpreted by the average user , who does not approach a dictionary with a critical eye .
But the longer term viability of American textile centers will depend on the development of infrastructures capable of supporting advanced textile production in countries close to the U.S. market , such as Mexico and elsewhere in Latin America .
A number of poignant Yiddish words defy genuine translation into
A common human genetic heritage and basic regularities in children 's physical and social environments yield certain universal , broad outlines of development .
You know , like I know one day I 'll have to sit down and decide if I 'm where I want to be in life or if I 'm not .
Touching the lives of youth on a daily basis , helping develop new skills , and preparing children to face the challenges of the next century are the Club 's strengths .
They were planning to hijack these planes and turn them into large guided missiles , loaded with up to 11,400 gallons of jet fuel .
The space age began with the launch of Sputnik in October 1957 .
The operation was carried out principally , perhaps exclusively , by Saudi Hezbollah , an organization that had received support from the government of Iran .
But the conflict did not begin on 9/11 .
All my digits um , still work .
The good news is that the teen-age birth rate has fallen almost 9 percent since 1991 .
Jarrah , like Atta earlier , may have inadvertently broadcast the message because he did not know how to operate the radio and the intercom .
Indeed , no clear dividing line exists between prereading and reading .
Please make checks payable to Indiana University Foundation .
How should I start ?
And that 's how it was , he left , at dawn , and he said , See you there , and he left with the , with the livestock , with the , and the , the others who were going to help .
We had a large tractor-trailer parked out front and uh , these guys all assembled to take the pews out of the church .
Amsterdam was settled by the Dutch , Geneva by the Swiss , etc. , till one passes by a town apparently settled by the British ` Sodus .
I was always into those kinds of heroic things , um , so I read a lot of those things .
His preaching had inspired the assassination of Sadat .
In Cecilia 's case she had to face the situation with a limited education , no skills and no source of income .
In urban centers , there have always been small shops with goods for sale .
The whole enchilada !
Um , and we 're talking about childhood and middle school , what about high school ?
Your gift to Goodwill will help the many people who want to tell their own stories of success .
Feminists ponder causes , implications .
And that keeps me , as an adult , one , remembering to pray like a child , and to maintain some of the innocence , which is difficult , of a child .
As outlined during recent meetings of the Board of Visitors and Alumni Association Directors , these will include an Indianapolis law student/alumni telephone campaign and increased emphasis on giving at the Maennerchor Society level .
There is no arguing with taste , but even those who support the second tenet must admit that if researchers felt that way about cancer , syphilis , and AIDS , there would not be much point to research at all .
Consequently , Sydney begins to move toward independent solving of the puzzle .
You know you look down and see the Pentagon burning and I thought the bastards snuck one by us .
The law school is limited in these recessionary times because it 's impractical to raise tuition significantly to gain the difference from lost state appropriations .
Rounding a bend , with the sun now behind us , the show suddenly transforms to green moss , yellow sand , blue-green conifers .
Simply fill out the enclosed card , and we will see you at the Grill !
Under the leadership of Dean H. William Gilmore , the school has identified student support and technological infrastructure as the greatest needs in this year 's annual fund appeal .
The remainder of Chapter 1 is mainly a catalogue of misinterpretations , aberrations , and plain errors regarding the use of man as a generic .
Determining the degree to which a supplier benefits from its technological investments is the real issue .
Do feel like it 's changed a lot ?
The New York Center controller and manager were unaware that American 11 had already crashed .
SPEA 's enviable reputation benefits everyone connected to the school - students , faculty , and most importantly , alumni .
That is not entirely true , for linguists know too much about language to suggest that there ever was , literally , a single language from which all Indo-European languages descended .
As graduates of the class of 1990 , we would like to leave behind something tangible , in appreciation for the support and encouragement we have received from other students in the School of Engineering and Technology .
What were your least favorite parts of the story ?
Although there have been specialized spinning and weaving mills , the great majority of output is produced in enterprises that engage in both operations .
They could not recall that any of the passengers they screened were CAPPS selectees .
It carried its full capacity of nine flight attendants .
That sounds dangerous .
Ah , we heard a suspicious transmission on our departure out of Boston , ah , with someone , ah , it sounded like someone keyed the mikes and said ah everyone ah stay in your seats .
We then show how supplier performance , ranging from the degree of inventory risk to profitability , is changed by their information technology investments and the sequence in which they are adopted .
However you choose to participate , I know you 'll enjoy being a part of the Herron School of Art and Gallery .
Like in most schools in Charlotte , if you go on other sides , it 's like everybody 's just white , but in my school , there was every kind of person you could ever meet .
Well , I did and sometime later removed it to my cottage in Canada and used decopor -LRB- a thick , clear glazed resin -RRB- on the top .
As for me , I do my utmost to avoid language that may offend people , including men .
The inaccurate accounts created the impression that the Langley scramble was a logical response to an actual hijacked aircraft .
Your child was a recent participant in a Social Health program at his or her school .
The Japanese spell and pronounce what they hear and are accustomed to pronounce , much as Americans are inclined to say Kindagarden , ekscape , lawnjeray , asterik , and ekcetera .
Hopefully , all of us can do more internal marketing with our young patients to encourage them to consider the field of Dental Assisting .
They also raise grave concerns about the recent proliferation of expensive commercial early learning centers , in which infants are barraged with letter and number fiashcards and slightly older toddlers are drenched in a full curriculum of reading , math , science , art , music , gym , and more .
When bar codes and EDI are combined with advanced shipping practices , the benefit of each practice is enhanced ; order processing occurs more rapidly , accurately , and with less paper .
I firmly am committed to that .
It is difficult to make any sensible connection between the lives of authors and their creations .
His checked bag was screened for explosives and then loaded on the plane .
And I said to him , And what is that for ?
Further research is needed and families still need help .
No finer education is available-anywhere .
The popularity of casual-wear items like T-shirts and jeans ` quintessentially factory-sewn garments ` has also shifted sewing from home to the factory .
Um , I 'm sure I have I just ca n't think of what .
Look at this .
He cut out a square and a circle with help today .
My , and I somehow managed to convince my , my mother and stepfather , of the time , to uh get me a couple of turn tables and started mixing songs and scratching and doing all that D.J. stuff .
Between 9:01 and 9:02 , a manager from New York Center told the Command Center in
Unless I 'm like , when I go home for like Christmas break , after being there for like two weeks , it was like I 'd never moved out and we get kind of like tense with each other .
Six , southwest of the White House , deviating away .
I 'm from New York .
Nor do our troubles end here .
The opposite of point-blank is hanging fire , ` undecided , up in the air .
Not too many stories about Grandmom and Grandpop though they were pretty quiet .
The Black Cane Society is named after the Black Cane award which is given annually by the law students to the professor who is voted to be the most outstanding classroom teacher .
There were various whimsical variants .
Radar reconstructions performed after 9/11 reveal that FAA radar equipment tracked the flight from the moment its transponder was turned off at 8:56 .
I really do n't .
What is counterproductive is the notion that speakers of a language have to recognize semantic they do n't recognize it , they create it .
So , I have my sister 's kid here and I 'm going to kill him underneath this vehicle shortly .
So , we stayed there .
He was rebuffed , and the Saudis joined the U.S.-led coalition .
They , too , can read and write , of course , but their solecisms , barbarisms , and vulgarisms call for rebuke , and what better rebuke than to treat them as if they did not belong at all ` to condemn them figuratively to the outer darkness of the unlettered ?
Al Qaeda leaders set up a Nairobi cell and used it to send weapons and trainers to the Somali warlords battling U.S. forces , an operation directly supervised by al Qaeda 's military leader .
We 'd basically coasted down into town and got about 50 gallons of kerosene and pumped it in the fuel tank so that so that the fuel would actually run through the fuel lines and the bus would run .
And they are less likely to cry and more likely to use gestures and words to express their desires than are infants whose parents delayed or failed to respond to their calls for help .
The parallels with the information integration now occurring in retail-apparel-textile channels ` this time driven by advances in computer and related technologies ` are striking .
Did you go door to door ?
Too many families have separate adult-child living areas , each equipped with its own TV and other leisure pursuits so that parent-child dialogues seldom take place .
Die-cutters are much safer when fully automated , but building computerized loading and unloading features into the machine adds cost .
Simply increasing inventory for all SKUs would be a poor allocation of investment , further increasing the order-fill rate for those SKUs for which service levels are already high .
In addition to these dimensions , there are quarterly collections of different fabrics .
However , even for a basic product like blue jeans , it is unlikely that all these assumptions will hold .
That message and all subsequent attempts to contact the flight were not acknowledged .
Maybe we 'll soon have Heroin -LRB- or Heroine , or Heroine -RRB- , Smack , and Coke , -LRB- though we can be sure that the company coming up with the last of these will hear from you-know-who -RRB- .
We count on your continuing interest in Sudden Infant Death Syndrome , the SIDS Alliance and our programs .
From the poet Sappho , who in the sixth century BC was the first to use the lyric to write subjectively and explore the range of female experience , to the Chinese polymath Pan Chao -LRB- Ban Zhao -RRB- , who flourished around AD 100 as historian , poet , astronomer , mathematician and educationalist , the range is startling .
It wo n't bother you , the cold weather and stuff ?
According to one call , they voted on whether to rush the terrorists in an attempt to retake the plane .
As a result , product proliferation represents a shift in the curve relating sales volume and variability -LRB- see Figure 7.4 -RRB- .
Can you remember the first story that you can remember anyone telling you some of the first memories of someone telling you a story ?
We hope the enclosed bookmark , just the right size for a paperback , will remind you of Joe and the hundreds of other adults working to improve their lives , their families and their community through stronger basic skills .
' Two plus ten equals twelve in any language .
A picture-restorer is one who cleans and restores and sometimes ruins old pictures .
Next bend , back to silver .
The L was based on the W , but a comparison , albeit superficial , reveals a number of differences , to
The NMCC officer who participated told us that the call was monitored only periodically because the information was sporadic , it was of little value , and there were other important tasks .
I can assure you that your investment in this institution will allow us to continue the long tradition of excellence that is Cathedral High School .
Notice how Alison 's imagination ranges far beyond the immediate play props before her ' a tea set , a toy truck , and an ambulance .
YOU CAN HELP SUPPORT THESE AND OTHER NEEDED SERVICES HERE IN CENTRAL INDIANA .
Although these advances are encouraging , our work is far from complete .
And that 's how it was , he left , at dawn , and he said , See you there , and he left with the , with the livestock , with the , and the , the others who were going to help .
M and S also go out of their way to praise usages that neatly sidestep offensive usage .
Several FAA air traffic control officials told us it was the air carriers ' responsibility to notify their planes of security problems .
I wish I could take back my whole freshman year .
At the same time , Boston Center realized that a message transmitted just before 8:25 by the hijacker pilot of American 11 included the phrase , We have some planes .
This year I have been teaching introductory geology laboratories .
And I said to him , And what is that for ?
This is demonstrated in a variety of a shared literacy and the assumptions and biases that go with it ; an awareness of what books are for ; consciousness and use of innumerable cultural allusions and educated idioms ; and a relative ease in reading a periodical called VERBATIM , with sections called OBITER DICTA and EPISTOLAE .
After an adult describes and demonstrates some activity -LRB- for example , putting a teddy bear to bed -RRB- , 1-year-olds who as yet have little language can easily reproduce the main steps in correct sequence with toys .
We hope you had an opportunity to read about Robert and his time at the Club before the letter became lost in the numerous pieces of mail one receives over the holidays .
Onomatoplazia struck a delightful chord for me .
For example , the Secretary of Labor has used his or her bully pulpit to call attention to the problem
Its blades are its spears .
A manager at the Herndon Command Center asked FAA headquarters if they wanted to order a nationwide ground stop .
A good book for browsing in , giving many Scots words which have come into use in other parts of the English-speaking world and others which could perhaps add a little color -LRB- or colour -RRB- to English vocabulary here and there .
Steven Schimmele Vice President , Class of 1992
In a recent provocative study , sociologist Arlie Hochschild spent months getting to know employees at a large Midwestern corporation she called Americo .
So I liked that .
Miller describes the generally high self-control the Chinese children in these families displayed ` listening attentively to elders and complying without reminders .
It seems silly to separate Gruy ?  re the cheese from Gruy ?  re the place in Switzerland whence it comes ' indeed , the latter is not even an entry in the geographical sections of either dictionary .
This is not newsletter .
OK , and your age ?
Did you notice any differences between an American writer and someone of foreign descent ?
Parents seem to be in the best position to read to their child often and to tailor their dialogues to the child 's interests and abilities .
The Encyclopedia of Indianapolis is progressing well .
Uh , it was pretty much a kitchen a front room and two-bedroom house one bathroom .
A member of the Muslim Brotherhood executed in 1966 on charges of attempting to overthrow the government , Qutb mixed Islamic scholarship with a very superficial acquaintance with Western history and thought .
Essentially , he proposes that the parent of all Indo-European languages was itself born in central Anatolia , whence it spread eastward , westward , and northward , being modified by the influences of the languages with which it came into contact , till it ultimately emerged in its recognizable , modern manifestations which we categorize into Germanic , Hellenic , Italic , Indo-Iranian , Anatolian , Armenian , Celtic , Tocharian , Albanian , and BaltoSlavic .
When they 're running with the wind in their faces and the sun on their backs , or stepping barefoot onto cool , green grass .
Bear in mind , however , that the information-integrated channel requires substantial investment in technologies by retailers .
These are in turn surrounded and supported by holders of school certificates and other qualifications .
Based on our 1992 survey , we estimated lead times for two different standard lead times that represent performance for a typical product in the supplier 's selection and shortest lead times that indicate a supplier 's best practice .
The Maennerchor Society brings together persons who share a desire to provide enduring and generous support for the law school .
The Challenger Scholars Program attempts in a small way to address this crisis by encouraging bright and dedicated students with a desire to extend their knowledge into the classroom as teachers to continue in that career path .
What has your support of our campers meant to them and what have they been able to accomplish because you care ?
Of course , if a researcher tampers with the evidence , making a unilateral , unsupported claim or assumption that a word means something that it does not , then that does not constitute semantic it is what is known as dirty work at the crossroads , and M and S are indulging in a bit of mischief by suggesting that semantic change either has taken place or is taking place because they have some evidence that a certain change in usage had crept in .
Clarke reported that they were asking the President for authority to shoot down aircraft .
Oh yeah , superheroes like Captain Marvel , Superman , Batman and all of them .
As Andrew Norman wrote , in a letter published in this book on page 113 , You flit freely back and forth between prescriptivism and descriptivism .
Daisy is a combination of the Old English words , durges ` day 's ' + eage ` eye ' .
Top-down an apex of professors and doctors buttressed by the holders of college degrees -LRB- many of them lower-level administrators , teachers , and researchers within the system -RRB- .
Gradually , the child takes increasing responsibility for attaining intersubjectivity , until both parties make similar contributions to the shared mental state that fuels children 's learning in the zone .
I just had a report that American 11 is still in the air , and it 's on its way towards-heading towards Washington .
The complexity of the problem , even for basic blue jeans , is staggering .
Science fiction .
They say we 're going up in the mountains to find some snow .
United 93 and the Shootdown Order On the morning of 9/11 , the President and Vice President stayed in contact not by an open line of communication but through a series of calls .
This , in turn , suggests that firms with more of the key technologies in place will have total inventories that are less volatile .
But NEADS did not know where to send the alert fighter aircraft , and the officer directing the fighters pressed for more I do n't know where I 'm scrambling these guys to .
If you believe that balderdash , you 'll believe anything .
Bin Ladin flew on a leased aircraft from Khartoum to Jalalabad , with a refueling stopover in the United Arab Emirates .
The first topic addressed in the White House video teleconference-at about 9:40 - was the physical security of the President , the White House , and federal agencies .
We broke new ground by using information technology to manage our business together , instead of just to audit it .
Between 9:34 and 9:38 , the Cleveland controller observed United 93 climbing to 40,700 feet and immediately moved several aircraft out its way .
The time was 9:38 .
Figure 7.2 depicts the weekly demand for a different SKU ` the same single-breasted coat ` but this time in a less popular size -LRB- 43-regular -RRB- .
They touch an object , hold it up , or point to it while looking at another person to make sure he or she notices .
If you need this book , it is probably too late ' unless you are about to take an SAT or GRE .
As you know , this is an extraordinary year for council fund raising .
As the Soviets began their withdrawal , the jihad 's leaders debated what to do next .
Benson 's action picture in Lucia in London -LRB- Chapter 8 -RRB- : Georgie stepped on a beautiful pansy .
This retailer launched its Web site in 1995 , the first major apparel retailer to do so .
I urge your consideration of joining the Maennerchor Society by making a gift of $ 1,000 per year .
Any Muslim who rejects his ideas is just one more nonbeliever worthy of destruction .
Benson 's action picture in Lucia in London -LRB- Chapter 8 -RRB- : Georgie stepped on a beautiful pansy .
It praised the 1983 suicide bombing in Beirut that killed 241 U.S.
Hani Hanjour , assigned to seat 1B -LRB- first class -RRB- , soon followed .
There 's still time to be listed in the ALUMNI BULLETIN and for us to send you an invitation to the Century Club reception on May 3rd .
However , the excitement and motivation of that goal is often diminished by the difficult financial constraints that students experience .
In order to develop job skills , a man with some serious disabilities begins working in Goodwill 's industrial division .
The flight attendants would have begun their cabin service .
Chapter 10 considers how new human resource practices that allow for short-cycle production , in concert with the use of information technology , can positively affect the performance of suppliers .
Marking cartons and containers for shipment according to channel-wide standards can speed up distribution .
For example , even at age 2 , they waited patiently to open a small gift until a guest had departed ` proper etiquette in Chinese culture .
FAA headquarters is ultimately responsible for the management of the National Airspace System .
It was n't always like that .
While writers whose business it is to be witty often fail to produce , grave authors occasionally are mirthful when laughter is farthest from their minds .
Apparel items at the very top of this triangle include dresses from Paris , Milan , and New York runways , which represent a very small share of apparel sold .
And I said to him , And what is that for ?
By now , you should have received registration materials for the Fall Alumni Dental Conference .
I love it !
When Hart , Schaffner , and Marx , for instance , opened its doors in 1879 , only 40 percent of men 's suits were ready-made .
Thank you for your generosity .
From the poet Sappho , who in the sixth century BC was the first to use the lyric to write subjectively and explore the range of female experience , to the Chinese polymath Pan Chao -LRB- Ban Zhao -RRB- , who flourished around AD 100 as historian , poet , astronomer , mathematician and educationalist , the range is startling .
In early September you received an annual appeal from Herron .
There is nobody around I could practise with .
But he would indeed be feigning naivete to claim that generic man is now understood to include woman .
We 'll welcome their call and do our best to help them through the difficult time , so they can get on with their lives .
We then show how supplier performance , ranging from the degree of inventory risk to profitability , is changed by their information technology investments and the sequence in which they are adopted .
In the new competitive arena ` where demand uncertainty and time to market have become important factors along with price ` textile firms are being forced to adapt to information-integrated channels , rather than just drawing on the economies of scale that led to their success in the past .
While pretending , Vygotsky explained , children repeatedly face confiicts between the rules of the make-believe situation and what they would do if they could act impulsively , and they usually decide in favor of the rules .
That war , like others , produced disgruntled veterans and those more adventurous or more restless after military service .
A few months ago , Carl Newton and I wrote a letter asking you to consider a financial contribution to graduate Endodontics at Indiana University .
Um she used to , she used to walk every day .
-RRB- for the ironic title of his dystopic novel .
And uh , somewhere in the middle of VA. .
In 1990 , the law school received only $ 18,114 in matching gifts from 15 companies .
The flight had taken off just as American 11 was being hijacked , and at 8:42 the United 175 flight crew completed their report on a suspicious transmission overheard from another plane -LRB- which turned out to have been Flight 11 -RRB- just after takeoff .
The most recent hijacking that involved U.S. air traffic controllers , FAA management , and military coordination had occurred in 1993 .
Instead , the Department established the Joint Forces Command , located at Norfolk , Virginia , making it responsible for military response to domestic emergencies , both natural and man-made .
Bin Ladin maintained connections in the Bosnian conflict as well .
When are you going to that ?
You and I have done some important work together .
And just as important , I invite you to renew your partnership with The Salvation Army by sending a contribution , once again , today .
At least two callers from the flight reported that the hijackers knew that passengers were making calls but did not seem to care .
Groundhog hole found the front tire of the motorcycle and I managed to fly over the handlebars .
L 's set of symbols is somewhat closer to that of the International Phonetic Alphabet ; W follows the system used in the Third Unabridged , which is too complicated for my taste , being replete with diacritics .
What kind of , do you ever tell stories to your little sister ?
Cultures , and adults within them responsible for socialization , select dierent tasks for children 's learning .
Tough question .
Well , some of them that uh , with your mother Marsha uh , I she was , I believe about 18 when I was born .
To a Western ear , the most predictable of language traits , perhaps , is the well-advertised Japanese use of r for our l . Indeed , in my travels about Honshu during a three-month visit , I did hear coinrocker , see you rater , Adurt Graphics -LRB- dirty books -RRB- , blackwrrants -LRB- hit-and-miss rendering of black walnuts -RRB- , Coffee Corombia -LRB- a chain of coffee shops -RRB- , and Coconut Glove .
. Substantively , if not literally , she made a morox .
Under its , it 's , Bryson gives , among others the following examples from the Washington Post , Its the worst its been in the last five years , Its come full circle , then goes on to say It 's , which was intended in each of the examples above , is the contraction of it is .
Umm , go ahead and tell me about a story .
What happened ?
There are several critical areas which can not be funded by the citizens of the State of Indiana , and without these programs our school can not completely fulfill its mission .
I do , but it gets to a point where like I feel like if I fail , it 's just going to be like way too much for everybody .
And , instead of providing an open-ended guarantee on prices to its distributors , the company would guarantee the price for only two weeks after purchase by the distributor , refusing to take back computers unless they malfunctioned .
What color was it painted ?
Furthermore , although educational programming for children is highly sensitive to issues of equity and diversity , entertainment programming often conveys ethnic and gender stereotypes ` minorities as villains and victims of violence and in subservient roles ; men as dominant , powerful , and competent and women as attractive , emotional , and submissive .
After our caseworkers meet with these families and their children they often find they lack even the basic necessities such as cooking utensils , beds , cleaning supplies , etc. .
Focusing on these two definitions , it must be conceded that naive users who did not know the meaning of Boolean or of Boolean algebra before going to either dictionary are unlikely to come away any the wiser .
The young adults who leave Pleasant Run have those same feelings .
It 's kind of a , which is the cause and which is the effect , question .
As a nonexpert , although interested , subscriber to VERBATIM , it is a bit mysterious to me that the singular noun absence takes the plural verb are . I refer to the first sentence of your article about the Longman Dictionary -LSB- XV ,1 -RSB- .
Note that the I/S standard deviations control for differences in firm size .
For more than a century , the U.S. federal and state governments have investigated sweatshops in the garment industry , including the role of immigrants , and have adopted legislation to ameliorate their impact on workers and consumers .
George F. Badger , the recipient of the award was equally surprised , not to mention a little better off financially .
So I think maybe , reading for young people , is not as important .
Rather , the intensity of adult support depends on where the task falls within the child 's zone .
The controller continued to try to contact United 93 , and asked whether the pilot could confirm that he had been hijacked .
FAA Control Centers often receive information and make operational decisions independently of one another .
Several FAA air traffic control officials told us it was the air carriers ' responsibility to notify their planes of security problems .
The employers in the stable shops with employees whom they were anxious to keep suffered as much as we did because the union was weak .
The cockpit voice recorder data indicate that a woman , most likely a flight attendant , was being held captive in the cockpit .
This is not newsletter .
There are lengthy usage notes and synonym studies in W that do not appear in L at all or in greatly abbreviated form , sometimes mercifully so , for W occasionally succumbs to prolixity .
Another book that I read recently is very interesting books The Journals of Lewis and Clark .
In the most extreme case , a stock-out might cause a customer to switch retailers , costing the lifetime value of that customer and others who might defect due to negative word-of-mouth .
South Asia had an indigenous form of Islamic fundamentalism , which had developed in the nineteenth century at a school in the Indian village of Deoband .
The value of the coefficient can vary from zero -LRB- if demand is exactly the same every week -RRB- to numbers much greater than one for wildly fluctuating weekly demand .
Most of the book is an A-Z listing of words that are , for the most part , sexist , but , as the author sets forth in the User 's Guide , Some words are included here because they are Is a belly dancer always a woman ?
We believe there is no more appropriate time to have a coordinated and collaborative effort to financially support the services MCCOY offers to the community as a whole .
She 'd go , Oh no , he 's not mine .
that Amelia wept confidentially on the housekeeper 's shoulder and relieved herself a good deal .
' Two plus ten equals twelve in any language .
The IUPUI Challenger Scholars are chosen from among outstanding students in the humanities , sciences , technologies and education who have chosen to pursue careers in teaching , at any level .
For example , textile firms that supply retailers directly with their own products may have to combine equivalent information technologies with manufacturing innovations in finishing lines that shorten production cycles in order to gain competitive advantage .
Fulfilling his bargain with Turabi , Bin Ladin used his construction company to build a new highway from Khartoum to Port Sudan on the Red Sea coast .
It is true that textiles firms still sell to apparel-makers , which in turn sell to retailers , which ultimately sell to consumers .
Controllers would notify their supervisors , who in turn would inform management all the way up to FAA headquarters in Washington .
When tired , Sophie 's teddy bear and leprechaun do n't stay up late doing just as they please .
It seems unnecessary to point out that Framework can not have a very sophisticated list of words if it has only 37,000 in its memory , but I thought it might be interesting to see what substitutions were evoked by SUGGEST .
Your contribution is more than a simple tax-deductible donation .
Even though we receive operating funds from the state , there are a myriad of additional expenses to be met , such as welding equipment for sculpture , pottery wheels for ceramics , and computers for graphics .
As a result , some of the fashion-oriented products that had been sourced offshore can then return to the United States .
One common way of measuring inventory is to calculate the I/S ratio ` that is , the ratio of total finished good inventories to total sales .
But there , as everywhere else , nothing can interfere with progress and , regardless of the finds and their importance , the archaeologist must eventually yield to the bulldozer .
At the suggestion of the Boston Center 's military liaison , NEADS contacted the FAA 's Washington Center to ask about American 11 .
Aman evidently disagrees , for his writing is peppered -LRB- salted ? -RRB-
That will only be the first step toward healing the pain of having been abandoned several times , neglected , and denied the happy childhood that should be every child 's birthright .
By investing in the community through this partnership , you can help more than 220,000 people in central Indiana next year .
My memory is rickety , but I am sure my first recording was labeled MUSKRAT RAMBLE , and I think , though I am less sure , that it was played by the late Muggsy Spanier , who was , to my mind , one of the greatest of jazz trumpeters .
Children are back in their classrooms enjoying the fun of renewing friendships and activities interrupted by summer vacation .
At 9:39 , the NMCC 's deputy director for operations , a military officer , opened the call from the Pentagon , which had just been hit .
At very young ages , when children are just beginning to acquire culturally valued skills , they depend almost entirely on interactions with more expert cultural members to make sense of their experiences .
Hoping to find a lake is included
The NMCC officer who participated told us that the call was monitored only periodically because the information was sporadic , it was of little value , and there were other important tasks .
Concurrently , we are undertaking three new program an undergraduate program in civil engineering with an emphasis on the environment ; an undergraduate program in industrial engineering with a focus on manufacturing ; and graduate programs leading to the M.S.
We are asking for your ten dollars to help fund our programs of Research , Education , and Patient Service and Rehabilitation .
For example , those in MET who worked on Team Indy were among the first Indianapolis campus participants in the annual Purdue Grand Prix at West Lafayette .
We had a barn , a dairy farm that was maybe quarter of a mile from the house and uh , Mama say , We need milk .
In those days , people as a rule did not take much care of phonograph records .
Support at this level could assist the dental school in a variety of ways .
Just how does imaginative play help children distinguish ideas from the enticing stimuli around them and use thought to guide behavior ?
Of course , if a researcher tampers with the evidence , making a unilateral , unsupported claim or assumption that a word means something that it does not , then that does not constitute semantic it is what is known as dirty work at the crossroads , and M and S are indulging in a bit of mischief by suggesting that semantic change either has taken place or is taking place because they have some evidence that a certain change in usage had crept in .
They need individual support to attend conferences , present papers , publish their works , and keep in touch with others in their fields across the country .
Outstanding Herron students are honored on this special evening of recognition with gifts from local companies and individuals .
Customers rarely inform the sales clerk in a typical retail store if a desired product is out of stock ; they either buy a different product or leave the store without making a purchase .
Obviously , if all members of the two Boards were to pledge $ 1,000 per year , we would be most grateful and we would have a great story to tell .
At 8:23 , the dispatcher tried unsuccessfully to contact the aircraft .
At the end of the second year , children begin to label their own and others ' internal states with words , such as want , happy , mad , think , and pretend .
It scarcely needs pointing out that the British usage was not brought about by any sense of justice toward women but by the apparent fact that the people in Britain are not quite as uptight about usage as the Americans .
On the whole , readers can draw their own conclusions about the breadth of coverage ; as for me , I should -LRB- regrettably -RRB- sacrifice Montrachet to gain others .
Black cover with white , black and white .
To our knowledge none of them had ever flown an actual airliner before .
As a nonexpert , although interested , subscriber to VERBATIM , it is a bit mysterious to me that the singular noun absence takes the plural verb are . I refer to the first sentence of your article about the Longman Dictionary -LSB- XV ,1 -RSB- .
Center staff assists with the housing search , school decisions , drivers ' licenses , leisure time activities , and daycare .
I said to him , do n't you know , Chepe , what it is ?
In many ways , the name describes what this campus campaign is all about .
Further , there is no universally accepted way to transliterate Arabic words and names into English .
As it turned out , the NEADS air defenders had nine minutes ' notice on the first hijacked plane , no advance notice on the second , no advance notice on the third , and no advance notice on the fourth .
Orwell constructed an alternative future in his vision of the totalitarian state , Nineteen Eighty-Four . The work has given English a small lode of the title itself connotes a society marked by government terror and propaganda destroying the public 's consciousness of reality -LRB- the OED Supplement also accepts 1984 and 1984-ish as adjective forms -RRB- ; that government 's official language , Newspeak , now indicates the propagandistic or ambiguous language of , among others , politicians , bureaucrats , and broadcasters -LRB- revenue enhancement for tax increase , etc. -RRB- ; the twisting of minds to the capacity to accept the validity of utterly contradictory opinions or beliefs , or double-think ; the book 's head of state , Big Brother , implies an apparently benevolent , but really ruthless , omnipotent , and omniscient state authority .
The following appears , in bold italics , on page 8 :
hydrox It is wildly improbable that this is the name of a cookie and not a many-headed , bovine monster .
the evidence in the published work is quite thin
And , pursuant to the President 's instructions I gave authorization for them to be taken out .
Between 9:01 and 9:02 , a manager from New York Center told the Command Center in
Real currently , what do you enjoy reading at the present ?
We were generously offered $ 1,000 toward the establishment of our Department 's first scholarship program .
I wish I could take back my whole freshman year .
I forgot about comic books !
Through it , children practice and strengthen their capacity to represent their experiences .
Repeatedly between 10:14 and 10:19 , a lieutenant colonel at the White House relayed to the NMCC that the Vice President had confirmed fighters were cleared to engage inbound aircraft if they could verify that the aircraft was hijacked .
Manufacturers suddenly have much more to do than just make clothing ` they are being asked to do work previously done by the retailer , such as picking and packing the order for each store from the retailer 's warehouse .
He argued that other extremists , who aimed at local rulers or Israel , did not go far enough .
Both plants are capable of making the same set of products .
As technology advances , life imitates art .
We have already described some specific ways that managers can think about integration of new information technologies and manufacturing practices .
As graduates of the class of 1990 , we would like to leave behind something tangible , in appreciation for the support and encouragement we have received from other students in the School of Engineering and Technology .
hydrox It is wildly improbable that this is the name of a cookie and not a many-headed , bovine monster .
And companies in transformed retail-apparel-textile channels have established a complex web of computer hardware and software , other technologies , and managerial practices that have blurred the traditional boundaries between retailers and suppliers .
Recently I found in one of those files in which for many years I have been systematically losing things a magazine clipping from many years ago which points out that the formal language of a century and more past can lead to misunderstandings today .
The work in question offers nothing regarding language , so its review here is ancillary to the main function of VERBATIM .
And the rate of textile productivity over this period far outpaced that for the manufacturing sector as a whole .
Among the subjects he touches on in his poem are street crime , unemployment , the degradation of the welfare system , tacky urban renewal projects , overcrowding , high rents and unscrupulous landlords , noise , vehicular traffic , congestion , even problems of immigration and integration .
What color was it painted ?
To our knowledge none of them had ever flown an actual airliner before .
Two days a week , Kevin leaves his office 45 minutes early to take charge of his 2-year-old daughter , Sophie , while her mother , a university professor , teaches a late class .
She was kind of headstrong and she was , um , kind of artistic maybe , and , uh , uh , liked to have a good sense of humor .
The controller only heard something unintelligible ; he did not hear the specific words we have some planes .
joint facility in Riyadh for training the Saudi National Guard .
Anything else ?
The School of Law in Indianapolis received nearly 1,300 applications to enroll its 1993 first-year class of 260 students .
About 20 minutes later , at 7:35 , another passenger for Flight 77 , Hani Hanjour , placed two carry-on bags on the X-ray belt in the Main Terminal 's west checkpoint , and proceeded , without alarm , through the metal detector .
What , ah , story in your childhood had the most impact on you ?
What color is it ?
Thanks for your courtesy in reviewing this request .
If you would like to become a member of ELM , please fill out the enclosed membership form and send it back at your earliest convenience .
The so-called hot cargo provisions of the statute
There are several critical areas which can not be funded by the citizens of the State of Indiana , and without these programs our school can not completely fulfill its mission .
-RRB- In some countries , puzzles of this type are called cryptograms , a name we shall use from here on .
The operation was not cost the United States lost two planes .
Yet as political , social , and economic problems created flammable societies , Bin Ladin used Islam 's most extreme , fundamentalist traditions as his match .
a short article about someone or something in a dictionary or encyclopedia , .
At the same time , children can develop more attractive dispositions and adaptive skills as the result of parental warmth , attention , and consistent guidance .
Yeah , he taxied to a gas station to fill it up .
And , um , I just wish that my counselor would have been more helpful to me .
Corroboration is not readily forthcoming from the OED , unless we accept a citation from Lydgate , dated c 1450 : Pryd gothe beforen And schame comythe aftyr , and blawythe horne .
Address your remarks to the chair illustrates metonymy , a figure of speech in which something is called by the name of something else associated with it .
The remainder of Chapter 1 is mainly a catalogue of misinterpretations , aberrations , and plain errors regarding the use of man as a generic .
All the lowest dives , the phoniest ginmills ...
Yeah , but I 've done it for so long , I 'm used to like lifeguard and like everything like that .
Do you smoke her Saratogas ?
Working in its favor is a social contract with a three-part system established in every country in the
I 'll pass that along over here .
Communication tools like Safety-Wise , Happenings , along with event calendars and other materials , allow volunteers to provide quality , informed leadership .
So what is the explanation of the phrase cold enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey ? Well , the obvious one , I believe .
Islamist revival movements gained followers across the Muslim world , but failed to secure political power except in Iran and Sudan .
As shown in the cases studied in Chapter 7 , production-cycle time and inventory carrying costs are two crucial parameters in making rapid replenishment sourcing decisions .
And like my family 's a big part of it .
When two peoples speaking different languages share a common border , there is an infiltration of words from one language to the other .
pediculosis Not as foot disease nor the bad breath of children , but just plain -LRB- and literally -RRB- lousiness .
Much that might have been offered with sober good advice here is contaminated by an obsessive concern with the identification of the sex of the perpetrator of past injustices .
Al Qaeda members could travel freely within the country , enter and exit it without visas or any immigration procedures , purchase and import vehicles and weapons , and enjoy the use of official Afghan Ministry of Defense license plates .
The IU School of Dentistry , and our entire profession , will benefit greatly from this endowment .
Recall how Sophie satisfied both teddy bear 's and leprechaun 's desire for a lollipop , when just one TinkerToy lollipop was available .
Gradually , the child takes increasing responsibility for attaining intersubjectivity , until both parties make similar contributions to the shared mental state that fuels children 's learning in the zone .
You can find out more about our work and environmental developments on Beacon Hill at ELM ' s website , www.EnvironmentalLeague.org .
I like working and making money .
You wrote this out all by yourself .
Last year a small number of alumni each contributed between $ 2,500 and $ 4,999 to the school .
From that point of view the differing interpretations Mr. Anson and I read into the passage are of secondary importance .
You ca n't take it with you -- neither can I , unfortunately .
SPEA 's enviable reputation benefits everyone connected to the school - students , faculty , and most importantly , alumni .
Only written or printed Chinese provides the glue to hold the Babel together .
For Johnson 's Frenchie this becomes , Bid him go to hell , to hell he goes .
Help us continue to offer the finest professional art training to our students , the junior and senior high school students enrolled in Saturday School and to all those adults in continuing education courses .
The attempted assassination in Ethiopia of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in June 1995 appears to have been a tipping point .
That would be an interesting day .
Where necessary , brief but not cryptic explanations are provided of any information that might seem to be out of the ordinary .
United nine three , have you got information on that yet ?
-LRB- Note that there is a 95 percent chance that demand will be less than seventeen units next week ` thus , if our buyer decides to stock seventeen units at the beginning of the week , the store should be able to offer a 95 percent order fulfillment rate on this SKU . -RRB-
He urged Muslims to read the Qur ` an and the Hadith for themselves , not to depend solely on learned interpreters like himself but to hold one another to account for the quality of their observance .
Adding the Japanese final vowels produces Gone with the Windo . Hypercorrection , where Japanese speakers learn that many final vowels do not exist in the American version of the tongue and so remove them , sometimes incorrectly , gives us the California cities of San Francisk and Sacrament . This process resulted in the sign reading Pizz and Coffee .
It 's hard to explain exactly how camp can change a child 's heart .
Since 1977 , Dr. Reinhold Aman has been publishing Maledicta , subtitled The International Journal of Verbal Aggression , from his bivouac in Waukesha , Wisconsin .
At 10:02 , the communicators in the shelter began receiving reports from the Secret Service of an inbound aircraft-presumably hijacked-heading toward Washington .
Um , do you have a , one of those types of stories ?
Where ellipses occur , I have not bothered to copy down the entire list of offerings , selecting only those that struck me as odd , either because of the incongruity of the choice or because I could not , in the wildest flights of dyslexic , schizophrenic-fancy , imagine the criteria employed in arriving at the selections .
We use terms like Neanderthal Man , Peking Man , etc. , without believing for a moment that there were no Neanderthal or Peking women -LRB- leaving aside Peking Toms -RRB- .
Much that might have been offered with sober good advice here is contaminated by an obsessive concern with the identification of the sex of the perpetrator of past injustices .
Yeah , he had a guy that would help him on Wednesdays , it was the local barber .
Since Slurvian thus exists in both a Germanic language -LRB- English -RRB- and a Romance language -LRB- French -RRB- , must it not therefore follow that Slurvian has its origin in the common ancestor of both tongues , that is in the Indo-stage ?
Bin Ladin 's grievance with the United States may have started in reaction to specific U.S. policies but it quickly became far deeper .
The checkpoint featured closed-circuit television that recorded all passengers , including the hijackers , as they were screened .
This time , it was MUSCAT RAMBLE .
Perhaps the fascination with man 's past grew out of the obsession with ruins evinced by Romanticism ; certainly , modern archaeology seems to have followed close behind , for the excavation of the supposed site of Troy took place only about 100 years ago .
Nobody used to snicker at Chaucer 's line -LRB- No. 5818 -RRB- in The Prologe of the Wyf of Bathe , in which that harried dame : Why is my neghebores wif so gay ?
But the conflict did not begin on 9/11 .
We would n't exist if the need were n't there .
Radar reconstructions performed after 9/11 reveal that FAA radar equipment tracked the flight from the moment its transponder was turned off at 8:56 .
The knitting machine produces cloth as the loom does but uses a different method .
It is my -LRB- wholly unsubstantiated -RRB- guess that the majority of Soviet personnel in Vietnam are in fact not Russian .
Clearly , true quality time for children is quantity time and more !
The Secret Service agent felt strongly that the situation in Washington was too unstable for the President to return there , and Card agreed .
5 million , which did not deter Bin Ladin .
Children of highly involved fathers score better on measures of intelligence , school achievement , mature social behavior , and fiexible beliefs about gender roles ` in short , on all the positive outcomes associated with maternal employment .
I 'm from New York .
I 've read several of his books both fiction and non-fiction books .
At 8:34 , the Boston Center controller received a third transmission from American 11 :
Our pleasure !
We call this our home because this is where we were raised at .
Whether the apparel item is casual or formal , the stitching in the garment must accomplish one or more of the following objectives .
SPEA has an impressive and dedicated faculty that includes inspiring teachers and distinguished scholars who are contributing to the solutions of some of our most difficult public policy and public management problems , including those concerning health , the environment , and criminal justice ; it is attracting a diverse , capable group of students ; and its graduates are making contributions in a wide range of challenging positions in the public , private , and non-profit sectors .
Make-believe roles are not equally pleasurable'a feature of cooperation that is as true in everyday life as it is in fantasy play .
As this was happening , passenger Daniel Lewin , who was seated in the row just behind Atta and Omari , was stabbed by one of the hijackers-probably Satam al Suqami , who was seated directly behind Lewin .
It is shameful that the Gage Canadian allows only plaid .
In public testimony before this Commission in May 2003 , NORAD officials stated that at 9:16 , NEADS received hijack notification of United 93 from the FAA .
Thanks for your consideration !
The value of the coefficient can vary from zero -LRB- if demand is exactly the same every week -RRB- to numbers much greater than one for wildly fluctuating weekly demand .
At 9:32 , they found one .
The account description written in 1971 for the Ralph E. McDonald/Pedodontic Fund states Expenditures of the fund shall be approved by the fund committee of six .
These statements were incorrect as well .
I want to meet the coldest wome n'the women who get their diamonds and cars and then start to bawl about how sad and unlucky they 've been .
My own reading of the passage turns as much on the word pale as on bond , but the word limit set by the essay competition forced me to be rather elliptical .
Nevertheless , they constituted a potential resource for al Qaeda .
Still no response .
Almost 80 percent -LRB- $ 390,000 -RRB- of our operating budget is consumed by programs to serve stray and unwanted animals -LRB- the National Charities Information Bureau 's standard is 60 percent -RRB- .
And , um , my junior year of high sch , high school , we moved into like the city , the west side of Charlotte , and I went to West Meck , and that was a , um , culture experience , \ \ I guess \ \ .
bound in fetters , they work continually without being allowed any rest by night or day .
Instead , the Department established the Joint Forces Command , located at Norfolk , Virginia , making it responsible for military response to domestic emergencies , both natural and man-made .
In 2001 , with Bin Ladin 's help they re-formed into an organization called Ansar al Islam .
Other experiences are linguistic only in reverse , or only as one thinks of what the language ought to be .
She wondered what would happen if she could take one child from the city and place that youngster where she was now -- in the midst of this beauty and serenity .
However , our sample also reveals that some manufacturers began to adjust to the new demands of lean By 1992 , the median dropped to ten hours , reflecting their desire to reduce the amount of work-in-process at this beginning stage of apparel assembly .
That message and all subsequent attempts to contact the flight were not acknowledged .
Power in the form of electricity , water ` especially if items like jeans are to be washed ` and a phone are about all that is required .
Recently , the world watched as the newest space shuttle made its maiden voyage .
That one time you were trying to take that floor joist .
At the same time , these regimes had closed off nearly all paths for peaceful opposition , forcing their critics to choose silence , exile , or violent opposition .
Under its , it 's , Bryson gives , among others the following examples from the Washington Post , Its the worst its been in the last five years , Its come full circle , then goes on to say It 's , which was intended in each of the examples above , is the contraction of it is .
We do not believe that the true picture of that morning reflects discredit on the operational personnel at NEADS or FAA facilities .
Lewin had served four years as an officer in the Israeli military .
Inside the NMCC , the deputy director for operations called for an allpurpose significant event conference .
Command Uh , do we want to think , uh , about scrambling aircraft ?
Where necessary , brief but not cryptic explanations are provided of any information that might seem to be out of the ordinary .
What a pleasure , for example , to discover that one who has been tagged out at home plate is the victim of an out-throw .
Transmission of the Authorization from the White House to the Pilots The NMCC learned of United 93 's hijacking at about 10:03 .
We noted earlier that a retailer 's decision about how much to stock depends on the demand forecast for the product , the level of product availability it wishes to provide to customers , the frequency with which it will place replenishment orders , and the lead time to acquire replenishment units .
As it has been an exciting year for all of us , MCCOY , Inc. can not do its part without the support of organizations like yours .
But he places most blame on how contemporary children are reared .
It exemplifies the support and encouragement that the faculty and community provides .
Landing meaningful and productive employment was hard for Miyares .
I thought that was surely the first time I had ever seen such an obvious typographical error in , of all things , a simple title on a simple 78-rpm record .
What do you do for that ?
In early childhood , it predicts positive mood , self-confidence and independence in mastery of new tasks , cooperativeness , and resistance to engaging in disruptive behavior .
Gifts also support student organizations such as moot court , supply library materials , pay for student research assistants , and make available other necessary resources .
The space presently occupied by the School of Law and Law Library is deficient both in quality and quantity .
If you want to keep on , that 's fine , but , so much time !
Nothing I re , that I recall .
over the moon ` elated '
Making a marker is a complicated task , even with modern computer assistance .
The Hazmi brothers , sitting in 5E and 5F , joined Hanjour in the first-class cabin .
. . I chucked him out the door and he 's not been back innerwards .
Unfortunately , the presentation of his linguistic argument , where the author is clearly treading on more speculative ground than in those parts dealing with outright archaeology , where he is on more familiar territory , is disorganized and repetitious .
I guess I want to say that it 's been a real positive experience living here , because my , my mother really wants to move back up north because that 's where she 's from .
On a farm and uh , she has some wild and crazy stories that she sat and shared with us .
That sounds like fun .
I 'm opening up like five pools and they 're giving me a headache because they all turned green today , so , that 's like the most fun job for me .
The FAA cleared the airspace .
Moreover , Bin Ladin had in fact been sponsoring anti-Saddam Islamists in Iraqi Kurdistan , and sought to attract them into his Islamic army .
Although we associate trench warfare with World War I , trenches were characteristic also of the Civil War .
Six , southwest of the White House , deviating away .
I can , well you know we just relived the story today of when you built the house over on um , / / Songbird .
When somebody orders custom-made clothing , his or her measurements are taken by a fitter in a store and , three to six weeks later , the garment appears .
Specifically , our manufacturer checked inventory of every item each week .
The IU School of Dentistry , and our entire profession , will benefit greatly from this endowment .
Retail Replenishment Performance
Only written or printed Chinese provides the glue to hold the Babel together .
Securely attached infants actively seek contact with and are easily consoled by their familiar , responsive caregiver .
Probably one of the first ones that was ever read to me the first one I can remember is my cousins Mary and Glenda reading Trumpet the Dog .
I see the rather boring point about using alumni to cover both men and women , and I quite agree that the use of relatively newer and less widely used terms like authoress , aviatrix , and poetess seems to be a deliberate , unwarranted attempt to identify someone as a female ; but a graduate of the feminine gender is a ` woman graduate ' = alumna , the ` first woman dancer in a ballet company ' is a prima ballerina -LRB- I 've never heard of a prime ballerino -RRB- , and a ` woman opera star ' is a diva or prima donna . I hesitate to point out that we use prima donna of men , too , because my critics will say that they disapprove of the term 's second life as designating a temperamental person of either sex .
Um , also a pothead , but not really so consumed with it necessarily .
Human Resources and Productivity Growth
He was accompanied by family members and bodyguards , as well as by al Qaeda members who had been close associates since his organization 's 1988 founding in Afghanistan .
And , I do n't know , it 's like my grandparents , I 'm the youngest one .
A , a DJ by the name of Funk Master Flex , who put out a few albums and I do n't even remember what they called .
Citing the Soviet army 's withdrawal from Afghanistan as proof that a ragged army of dedicated Muslims could overcome a superpower , he told the We are certain that we shall-with the grace of Allah-prevail over the Americans .
Please give what you can .
OK , I said , So , how do we do it ?
I recently purchased a new computer , and , because it operated on a system different from the one of my old computer , I asked a few friends to recommend a word-processing package that I might.find useful .
Her interviewer did n't bat an eye .
33 By 1994 , the Saudi government would freeze his financial assets and revoke his citizenship .
By the late 1980s , a growing number of retailers had started changing the way they did business .
Onomatopoeia has a long , honorable , and pleasurable history ` from Aristophanes ' brek-ke-kex ko-ax ko-ax to Kermit 's ribbet , ribbet ` from majestic lines in ancient epic poetry to simple , homey words like plop , splash , and murmur . In every language and time , the sound and look of some words have given clues to their their sound has suggested their sense .
The best traditional retailers were also good at merchandising .
As for me , I do my utmost to avoid language that may offend people , including men .
It was about the same time when all the space program was getting started off and I was in the first grade when the United States launched the first satellite and I was in the second grade when the first manned space capsule was sent up and because of what was going on at the time it was real interesting .
They knew American 77 was lost .
Do you remember little Pierre ?
Umm , I guess I 'll leave it at that .
NORAD officials have maintained that they would have intercepted and shot down United 93 .
Through repetition of the task and coaching by experts , the operator would become very productive .
... -LSB- I -RSB- f they 're there then we 'll run on them .
Throughout this book ` and especially in Chapter 5 , which addresses the development of children with physical and mental disabilities ` we will see many more examples of these synergistic eects .
United 93 and the Shootdown Order On the morning of 9/11 , the President and Vice President stayed in contact not by an open line of communication but through a series of calls .
More importantly , these state-centered regimes placed their highest priority on preserving the elite 's grip on national wealth .
Touching the lives of youth on a daily basis , helping develop new skills , and preparing children to face the challenges of the next century are the Club 's strengths .
He 's the boss !
We invite you to sponsor a bench .
Gifts of $ 40.00 add up to provide valuable funding .
The would-be killers , who came from the Egyptian Islamic Group , had been sheltered in Sudan and helped by Bin Ladin .
Richard Bauerls writes interestingly about the recent proliferation of one-letter words -LSB- XIV , 1 ; XV , 1 -RSB- .
Do you ever tell this story yourself ?
Now he comes running out from there whenever he sees Harry .
Yet our roots go much deeper .
Is there anything else you want to -- ?
After all , what can one do with a language like English except come up with things like A SLUT NIXES SEX IN TULSA or I MAIM MAIMI ?
We are most grateful for your support in whatever amount you can spare !
For example , increasing the number of products offered in a category by a factor of four -LRB- say from fifty items to 200 -RRB- without increasing total demand in the category would increase the coefficient of variation for each individual product by a factor of two .
I 've been going up as a progress in school , so I , it will be a good change for me .
As always , please feel free to visit our campus .
From the outset of the factory system in woven apparel , after cloth has been laid out and cut in the configurations of patterns for various sizes , the cut parts have been grouped by parts of the garment ` fronts , backs , sleeves , patches for pockets , collars ` and tied together into bundles for operators , who sew together individual parts ` hence the term bundle system .
She knew I was going to do it , but Dad was pretty irate .
This fall alumni and students at the Indiana University School of Law Indianapolis will initiate several programs to encourage alumni support for the school .
Then I said , Dear Lord , I said , what are we going to do about this ?
Are you reading things ?
In the 1934 book Music Ho !
The surge in apparel imports in the 1980s came from low-wage countries , primarily the Asian Big Four ` the People 's Republic of China , Hong Kong , Taiwan , and Korea .
He boarded the aircraft , asked the Secret Service about the safety of his family , and called the Vice President .
The bull start making his noises and all that other stuff .
The attacks on the U.S. embassies in East Africa in the summer of 1998 would take a different form-planned , directed , and executed by al Qaeda , under the direct supervision of Bin Ladin and his chief aides .
To the best of our recollection , this may be the only instance in which the origin of an expression has been traced to a statue .
My dad he , I do n't know , he does n't think I 'm stupid , but he does n't he wants better for me , than what he has .
American 11 struck the NorthTower at 8:46 .
On reflection , the parts will hold together .
That fund would allow us to grant a $ 500 scholarship annually to meritorious applicants with financial need .
I did n't hit nothing .
that an anagram is lurking nearby .
The President 's motorcade departed at 9:35 , and arrived at the airport between 9:42 and 9:45 .
It was about the same time when all the space program was getting started off and I was in the first grade when the United States launched the first satellite and I was in the second grade when the first manned space capsule was sent up and because of what was going on at the time it was real interesting .
I said , Well we got some / / gasoline .
I 've not been able to corroborate this explanation , but I 'll never forget it .
Laura has ! declared Sophie , glancing at me .
So that helped you learn about people that you had not necessarily met .
He died in a ferryboat accident on Lake Victoria just a few days after Bin Ladin arrived in Jalalabad , leaving Bin Ladin with a need to replace him not only in the Shura but also as supervisor of the cells and prospective operations in East Africa .
FAA Control Centers often receive information and make operational decisions independently of one another .
If a hijack was confirmed , procedures called for the hijack coordinator on duty to contact the Pentagon 's National Military Command Center -LRB- NMCC -RRB- and to ask for a military escort aircraft to follow the flight , report anything unusual , and aid search and rescue in the event of an emergency .
Although research is beginning to provide answers regarding factors that may increase the risk for SIDS and suggest actions parents can take to reduce the risks , these measures will not save all babies .
finding an interesting shell on the beach -LRB- Looks like Mom 's shiny necklace .
If you have any questions , please feel free to stop by and see me .
At the conclusion of this vast exercise , done without the aid of computers , there emerged a pattern of familial relationships that linked together languages spoken , in earlier times , from Britain as far east as Chinese Turkestan and from India as far north as Lappland .
We were staying here in Albemarle .
A truly creative work is both original and sensible ; its novelty is culturally meaningful and useful .
Five years .
Chair is a Greek compound of kata ` down ' + hedra ` sit , seat .
Our neighbor had a pool and we were kind of like the Hatfield 's and McCoy 's , they were n't very nice people and they did n't like us .
Welfare is not the answer .
' The principal parent of Yiddish is High German , the form of German encountered by Jewish settlers from northern France in the eleventh century .
Get your hand off my knee .
Each award involves a tuition/fee remission and a $ 1000 stipend .
It is quite firm about the r - sound when it follows a vowel-sound or is at the ends of words , not dropping it as is usual with the RP but insisting that it be given full value , in various ways , as it is in Scots and Irish and , generally but not always , in the speech of most Americans except for those in New England and the South .
They could not recall that any of the passengers they screened were CAPPS selectees .
Chapter 3 , Generalizations , treats with good sense methods that can be employed to avoid sexism in a wide variety of constructions .
In Mandarin the name America becomes ` beautiful nation , ' as Mr. Henn says .
However , what emerged were almost invariably autocratic regimes that were usually unwilling to tolerate any opposition-even in countries , such as Egypt , that had a parliamentary tradition .
But then , ha , ha that changed quickly .
How did Bin Ladin-with his call for the indiscriminate killing of Americans-win thousands of followers and some degree of approval from millions more ?
I wish if I could do it all over again I would stay home and study instead of going out with my friends , which has really hurt me a lot .
Yes , he said .
One wonders whether the marriage had secretly taken place between the consecutive chapters !
He worked , he 's a teacher , and at that time he worked as the principal of that school , of that school , because it was a , like a high school , there was , from first -LRB- grade -RRB- to high school .
How does the YWCA differ from other organizations that provide health , fitness , social and education services ?
State financial support is unlikely to increase significantly during the remainder of this decade .
We would n't exist if the need were n't there .
We have a bomb on board .
I wanted to briefly share with you some of the specific uses of the funds that are donated each year .
She then told of the stabbings of the two flight attendants .
But technical innovations have aided the operators .
However , what emerged were almost invariably autocratic regimes that were usually unwilling to tolerate any opposition-even in countries , such as Egypt , that had a parliamentary tradition .
naches the ` glow of pleasure-plus-pride that only a child can give to its parents ' : This is my son , the Doctor !
The utopian communes of anarchists , socialists , and hippies , for example , have not even dented it .
An ambulance ?
How old would you say you were when your cousins were doing this reading ?
They also raise grave concerns about the recent proliferation of expensive commercial early learning centers , in which infants are barraged with letter and number fiashcards and slightly older toddlers are drenched in a full curriculum of reading , math , science , art , music , gym , and more .
There was also a candy store about three or four blocks in the other direction called Pud 's that we used to walk up to and across the street from Pud 's was the local fire department and the uh the firemen used to let us play on the fire engines which is completely unheard of nowadays but they let us you know climb all over them , get inside and honk the horns you know put on fire jacket and boots or whatever we wanted to do and uh I guess there just were n't a lot of fires in Asheville in that part of town because they never seemed to be concerned that we would be interfering with their preparedness .
Let me assure you that we would appreciate receiving one million dollars from you .
Or , you can fax us at 241-2760 , or e-mail , icfundrzr@aol.com .
Who can , for instance , blame a youth with but a mildly evil disposition from guffawing when he reads in Pater 's Marius The Epicurean -LRB- Chapter V -RRB- a reference to Apuleius ' The Golden Ass noting that all through the book , there is an unmistakably real feeling for asses ...
Maybe we 'll soon have Heroin -LRB- or Heroine , or Heroine -RRB- , Smack , and Coke , -LRB- though we can be sure that the company coming up with the last of these will hear from you-know-who -RRB- .
American 77 traveled undetected for 36 minutes on a course heading due east for Washington , D.C.
Are you close to your family ?
When Isaac Bashevis Singer was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1978 , he remarked in his acceptance
Texas has contributed a few good words to the English language without any help from Spanish or Mexican .
I am feeling quick on the trigger , quick on the draw , hot as a pistol , and loaded for bear , so I am going to get the drop on you and let you have it with both barrels .
Miyares spent the next four months in hospitals in Japan and the U.S. before being medically discharged from the Army with as service-connected disability for diabetes .
Boston Center immediately advised the New England Region that it was going to stop all departures at airports under its control .
From an air traffic controller 's perspective , that meant maintaining a safe distance between airborne aircraft .
My name is Gloria Cotton .
Beginning in the 1970s , retailers expanded their offshore sourcing efforts , especially after quality standards improved , establishing sourcing offices and relationships in low-wage countries , particularly in Asia .
At the suggestion of the Boston Center 's military liaison , NEADS contacted the FAA 's Washington Center to ask about American 11 .
But for 8 minutes and 13 seconds , between 8:56 and 9:05 , this primary radar information on American 77 was not displayed to controllers at Indianapolis Center .
There was no hijack to report at 9:16 .
In part , that is attributable to the designation of his correspondents , who keep him informed on language that is not within earshot , as the Lexicographic Irregulars , an amusing reference the first time or two it was used but now beginning to cloy .
Instead , its very essence is self-restraint ` voluntarily following social rules .
-LRB- The computer age term , spaghetti code , derives from the same pasta-related idea as macaronic , but more obviously so . -RRB-
Penney was also one of the first retailers to adopt scanner technologies .
I love to read just plain history , um , it must have rubbed off in some aspect because that 's the kind of thing I still read .
traces the word from an episode of the comic strip Buck Rogers in the 25th Century written by Philip Francis Nowlan in 1929 -- Ahead of me was one of those golden dragon Mongols , with a deadly disintegrator ray .
Do you have a playtime at school ?
At 8:23 , the dispatcher tried unsuccessfully to contact the aircraft .
Between 8:25 and 8:32 , in accordance with the FAA protocol , Boston Center managers started notifying their chain of command that American 11 had been hijacked .
new and creative research .
I ca n't remember much family togetherness when I was a kid , Hannah remarked .
Since 1977 , Dr. Reinhold Aman has been publishing Maledicta , subtitled The International Journal of Verbal Aggression , from his bivouac in Waukesha , Wisconsin .
Narrative conversation also fosters language development and emergent literacy , which greatly ease the task of learning to read and write when children get to school .
I hope this correspondence finds you and your family doing well .
Mankind tacitly imposes male values on all of humanity ; manhours denies women 's work as a measure ; manpower effaces women .
They hid and , the soldiers came to the house .
The Coming Competitive Landscape
This does not necessarily translate into a desire for clerical rule and the abolition of a secular state .
Inevitably , some of the entries are more imaginative than others ; Dickson will have his hands full if everyone responds giving private words .
Yeah , that 's true .
Um , yes y' all need to include that picture with my little dysentery here , uh disinter , I guess it is .
At 9:29 , the autopilot on American 77 was disengaged ; the aircraft was at 7,000 feet and approximately 38 miles west of the Pentagon .
Instead , the Department established the Joint Forces Command , located at Norfolk , Virginia , making it responsible for military response to domestic emergencies , both natural and man-made .
Use of continuous review allows retailers to achieve a higher service level with a lower amount of inventory .
Many women have a difficult time finding a pair of jeans that fits to their satisfaction .
The Operations Center located at FAA headquarters receives notifications of incidents , including accidents and hijackings .
THE GIRL SCOUT PROMISE On my honor , I will try To serve god and my country , To help people at all times , And to live by the Girl Scout Law .
Sharing information and current knowledge of the market across channel players achieves some of the same objectives ` at lower cost ` of formally reaching forward or backward into markets .
This figure represents only 5 percent of the total cost that law students paid for their legal education .
This plan is one more reason to preserve the perennially endangered Endangered Species Act - the most effective wildlife law ever passed .
A full-blown textile industry therefore blossomed in New England , fostered by the region 's access to abundant water power , capital , mechanical skills , and a hardworking labor force .
All of the foregoing areas are supported by contributions from alumni and friends of the school
Over time , their policies - repression , rewards , emigration , and the displacement of popular anger onto scapegoats -LRB- generally foreign -RRB- - were shaped by the desire to cling to power .
As you begin that process this year , I would like to ask you to consider helping young people in Marion County toward more positive youth development by becoming a supporter of the Marion County Commission on Youth , Inc. .
It is a game that is like fishing in a barrel , but more stimulating mentally .
In make-believe , Alison experimented with the first step of this multistep process when she melded news of the train crash in India with the toy ambulance before her .
A short time later , Nawaf and Salem al Hazmi entered the same checkpoint .
Many of his followers became important members in the new organization , and his own close ties with Bin Ladin led many to think of him as the deputy head of al Qaeda .
Historically , the bulk of the human race has never known a classroom , let alone a cloister or an ivory tower , or met up with teachers empowered by letters after their names .
The Hijacking of American 77 American Airlines Flight 77 was scheduled to depart from Washington Dulles for Los Angeles at 8:10 .
And how they use to take their lunches to school and some of the things they took for lunch like fatback meat biscuits and -- .
Beginning at 8:52 , the controller made repeated attempts to reach the crew of United 175 .
After anesthesia was introduced in the U.S. in 1844 , the phrase came flguratively to mean to ` deal with a bad situation resolutely , ' as in Rudyard Kipling 's lines Bite the bullet , old man , / And do n't let them think you 're afraid .
Just before 8:14 , it had climbed to 26,000 feet , not quite its initial assigned cruising altitude of 29,000 feet .
Please join in this help with your gift today .
The story that it comes from the song Green Grow the Lilacs , said to have been sung at San Jacinto , is an example of folk etymology .
The deadline for donations from each class will be July 31 .
Perhaps you 'll even save a life .
Na , that 's the only one they told me .
Nor do our troubles end here .
For the short term , its impact will be on a relatively small niche market .
Every meter of fabric destined for apparel production is normally inspected by the textile manufacturer .
I want him to beat my heart and beat my brain .
It may help a family stay together .
A proportionately large number of you responded to that survey .
Not really original , no , it was , uh , poems by well-known authors that you 'd find in a book , but she had to memorize a lot of them , and she , but she read us children 's poems , too , out of books , books that were written for children .
The groundwork for a true global terrorist network was being laid .
Do you plan on staying in Charlotte ?
There are many other , lesser factors at work , but taken together , all tend toward standardization , especially as the older speakers die off .
I want to know much of you .
Building a Support System for Acquiring New Knowledge and Skills
Are you going to buy any gifts for people or make anything ?
Yet a tension exists between its desire to provide customers with a changing variety of apparel fashions and the need to increase its capacity to replenish a higher percentage of products , thereby taking advantage of its expertise in logistics .
The hijacker pilot then advanced the throttles to maximum power and dove toward the Pentagon .
But , uh , I guess I did that for it must have been close to , um , a year and a half maybe , and then I decided not , and ended up leaving .
And how , OK can you tell me any flood stories about growing up in Penn ?
We all realize how the availability or lack of comfortable seating and conference space made it possible for us to socialize or to get help in a course giving us difficulty .
In The Bride of Lammermoor -LRB- Chapter V -RRB- , we are informed that the heroine placed certain restrictions on their intercourse , a limitation that might have been more usefully set in that same author 's Rob Roy -LRB- Chapter VII -RRB- where we are told of the chance that the narrator and Miss Vernon might be thrown into very close and frequent intercourse .
It is far better for anyone to kill a single American soldier than to squander his efforts on other activities , he said .
Everyone talks nowadays about making dictionaries user-friendlier .
It took me really a long time to sort what was going on in my mind out , she said .
The so-called diskette is a flat black square of rather tough plastic with a hole in the middle and an oblong slot on each of the flat sides ; it is said to be 5 inches square , but that is a as the only person who probably ever measured one of these things , I can tell you it is 53/16 inches square ; that may seem irrelevant , but it is only the beginning of the Great Deception .
You want to be down anymore than anybody else , so --
Corroboration is not readily forthcoming from the OED , unless we accept a citation from Lydgate , dated c 1450 : Pryd gothe beforen And schame comythe aftyr , and blawythe horne .
That 's how I got them hundred dollars .
/ / Even in the in , I mean NJ winters are really cold but --
The assembly of most items of apparel follows the work flow sketched here .
When a baseball player is removed by the manager , the organist plays Auld Lang Syne .
Ah , we heard a suspicious transmission on our departure out of Boston , ah , with someone , ah , it sounded like someone keyed the mikes and said ah everyone ah stay in your seats .
Poking and prodding at contemporary speech and writing , feminists condemn the use of a term identified with one sex or gender to designate all humanity .
For one thing , he documents many neologisms , an activity that endears him to many working lexicographers .
Consider sponsoring 1 , 2 , or 3 children .
I pointed out to him that if they made available a proper manual the number of calls could probably be reduced to 6,000 .
To the best of our recollection , this may be the only instance in which the origin of an expression has been traced to a statue .
Not too many stories about Grandmom and Grandpop though they were pretty quiet .
We have provided an invoice to facilitate your gift .
Wo n't you join us in our efforts by continuing your support in 1999 ?
The remainder of Chapter 1 is mainly a catalogue of misinterpretations , aberrations , and plain errors regarding the use of man as a generic .
At the other end of the spectrum , a manufacturer can alter its internal design , planning , procurement , and manufacturing operations and respond rapidly to demand changes through the use of flexible manufacturing or sourcing practices .
My dad still does n't believe me .
In this chapter , we will concentrate on the past hundred years , outlining major changes in American retail , apparel , and textiles that occurred before the 1980s .
While we have made significant inroads , there remains much to be done and it is clear that we can not do it alone .
The Army suspected him of malingering , and that did n't sit well with the 9th Infantry Division platoon sergeant .
It is important to note also that this product was not promoted at retail with discounted prices at any time during this period , so the variation is not due to consumers preferring to purchase a product when it was on sale .
She performs a single operation on each garment in the bundle .
We believe there is no more appropriate time to have a coordinated and collaborative effort to financially support the services MCCOY offers to the community as a whole .
She boldly marched into a bookstore and asked the salesclerk for a copy each of Hemingway 's The Sun Come Up Again and Throw Away the Gun and Steinbeck 's The Angry Grape . Is there a term for the errors that creep in while translating a passage back into the original tongue ?
The mission crew commander explained to us that the purpose was to position the Langley fighters between the reported southbound American 11 and the nation 's capital .
As a part of this inspection and repair , a detailed map is made that locates any remaining defects ; the minimum width of the bolt is measured along with the overall length of the unstretched material .
Allah is the greatest .
We do not have to differentiate between military or civilian .
Cameron can find his way out of a crowded reception faster than a waiter with an empty hord d'oeuvre tray , and can locate Miyares ' van is a crowded parking lot with a simple command .
Your investment is critical to making our community a better place .
Because of rapid brain growth and gradual decline in brain plasticity , the first 5 to 8 years of life are regarded as a sensitive phase of development in which appropriate stimulation is necessary for children to reach their full genetic potential .
Six weeks of learning and exploring , sports , arts , and fellowship .
During his entire time in Sudan , he had maintained guesthouses and training camps in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
The sociocultural vision is very dierent from behaviorism , which views development as directly imposed , or shaped , by external forces .
We believe this is the same call in which the Vice President urged the President not to return to Washington .
The program could be an important boon to productivity and competitiveness .
She waits tables like one night a week at another job to help put me through and everything like that .
The problem was solved simply by using an already standard character that had a similar sound to what the Viet called themselves .
Contributions qualify for tax deductions under state and Federal guidelines .
In addition , its capacity to use information on the state of demand allows it to set inventory levels on a SKU basis that balances the benefits of having a product available against the costs of holding work-in-process and finished goods inventories .
It has the original meaning , a ` sprite or hobgoblin that plays tricks , especially at night in people 's houses ; a poltergeist .
From the airplane or from the ground ?
Other parents use a repetitive style .
In every field , women too numerous to list were involved in developing knowledge and contributing to the welfare of their societies as they did the Roman Fabiola established a hospital where she worked both as nurse and doctor , becoming the first known woman surgeon before she died in AD 399 .
I picture muskrats wallowing about in the mire and paddling sluggishly through the water , but I would n't call that rambling .
It 's hard enough for her to make good decisions when she 's surrounded by support .
In some respects , it may not be long before certain aspects of dialect geography will be largely historical .
Paula Van Gelder 's Poetic Licenses -LSB- XIV , 4 -RSB- reminded me of the license plate a friend reported recently .
In 1998 , Iraq was under intensifying U.S. pressure , which culminated in a series of large air attacks in December .
-LRB- The Amalgamated and ILGWU merged in 1995 to form the Union of Needletrades , Industrial and Textile Employees ` or UNITE ! -RRB-
If you 're not from Charlotte , you 're not going to know where that 's at , but , um , it was really far away from everybody and behind the airport and stuff like that .
Condo living , the spread of AIDS through prostitutes and veterinary surgery .
As early as 11/2 to 2 years , children begin to talk about the past , guided by adults who prompt them and expand on their fragmented recollections .
But grammar enters the picture here , too , and dictionaries are remiss in syntactic description of how the language works in comparison with what its words mean , how they are spelled and pronounced , and where they came from .
And so , uh , those things come about through the work of reading rather than through listening to some person on the street corner or , uh , gazing on TV .
She told him to shut-up and get her a pack of cigarettes .
English-types -LRB- like us -RRB- thrive in an environment that fosters dialogue .
At least two callers from the flight reported that the hijackers knew that passengers were making calls but did not seem to care .
The size of the pattern can be changed and the visual images compared to get a sense of their appeal .
They can change the tone of people 's voice yes .
Carnegie also describes namma-holes and soaks as sources of water .
He soon made clear his desire for unchallenged control and for preparing the mujahideen to fight anywhere in the world .
Paula Van Gelder 's Poetic Licenses -LSB- XIV , 4 -RSB- reminded me of the license plate a friend reported recently .
Working in its favor is a social contract with a three-part system established in every country in the
Knitting mills now account for almost 30 percent of production employees engaged in textile manufacturing .
Except for its origin , in the British Interplanetary Society Journal , space warp has been restricted to fictional use .
So that helped you learn about people that you had not necessarily met .
One may well wonder what Miss Stowe had in mind when , in Uncle Tom 's Cabin -LRB- Chapter 5 -RRB- , she narrates how Mrs.
Your gift will also count toward the largest campaign for private contributions in the University 's history .
These statements were incorrect as well .
At the same time , the Sudanese regime began to change .
The doctor got , did some tests and uh , done some tests .
Let me live in my house by the side of the road
It just kind a fills it out a little bit makes it a little easier on the ear especially if they ca n't sing but .
Jarrah stopped the violent maneuvers at about 10:01:00 and said , Allah is the greatest !
Our faculty are involved in the community , working with city officials , conducting research , and providing the community with expertise and service .
And he said , Do n't play , the soldier said , do n't play , he said , innocent , he said , in that house , I , our house is huge , and I stayed locked up , because just me and my son lived , my baby son , tiny , and me , and well , that 's all .
In their testimony and in other public accounts , NORAD officials also stated that the Langley fighters were scrambled to respond to the notifications about American 77,178 United 93 , or both .
he said to me .
He could stand as a symbol of resistance-above all , resistance to the West and to America .
These people and their successes are real .
He then discovered , to his surprise , that the Langley fighters were not headed north toward the Baltimore area as instructed , but east over the ocean .
Providing a stitch ` or a package of pasta , a home computer , an automobile'in time requires a growing degree of integration among business enterprises within and across industries .
Sam Hinton 's The Meaning of Scientific Names -LSB- XI ,1 -RSB- , I have had an experience which , in true biological tradition , will probably make me mildly notorious in perpetuity .
Unlike the women 's industry , where style has always mattered more , relatively large men 's apparel manufacturers such as Haggar ; Hart , Schaffner , and Marx ; Fruit of the Loom ; Arrow Shirt Company ; and Hathaway Shirt emerged , seeking to capture economies of scale .
Let me live in my house by the side of the road
It is far less than is available at most law schools including Bloomington spent $ 279,000 for scholarships during the same time period !
The music industry .
Your gift today of $ 25 , $ 50 , $ 125 , $ 250 or more will help keep our Red Shield a strong , reputable symbol of hope -- for those we assist , as well as for those who are watching !
It is not really a dictionary , of course , in the sense that is lacks definitions ; it is merely a word list .
Can you imagine trying to raise ten children in a two-bedroom apartment ?
Help us continue to offer the finest professional art training to our students , the junior and senior high school students enrolled in Saturday School and to all those adults in continuing education courses .
Similarly , feminists discourage titles that identify women 's -LRB- but not men 's -RRB- marital status -LRB- though many users mistakenly assume Ms . a synonym for Miss -RRB- .
Price reductions from the beginning to the end of the season also increased dramatically over the period from 1948 to 1988 , one in which there was considerable growth in product proliferation .
Perhaps you 'll even save a life .
Thus , if a retailer follows the simplest strategy of ordering at the beginning of each week exactly those items that sold during the previous week , manufacturers must be prepared to ship an unknown number of items each week .
One of the most significant changes in retail inventory management in recent years has been the introduction of vendor-managed inventory ? -LRB- VMI -RRB- programs , also known as Continuous Replenishment Programs -LRB- CRP -RRB- or Continuous Product Replenishment -LRB- CPR -RRB- .
Our close neighbour .
There 's still time to be listed in the ALUMNI BULLETIN and for us to send you an invitation to the Century Club reception on May 3rd .
When somebody orders custom-made clothing , his or her measurements are taken by a fitter in a store and , three to six weeks later , the garment appears .
Please note that on your calendar .
Um , I guess the only story that they ever say a lot about my grandmother was the fact that she did not like my mom when uh my father and she first got together .
Only after a common convention for bar codes had been established and in use for several years did retailers turn to such systems to transmit and receive data from suppliers .
In 1985 a group of courageous pioneering women established the YWCA of Indianapolis to meet the needs of women , and in 1998 the tradition continues .
The baby has learned that only when he is distraught will the parent reliably come to his aid .
Many of the thirsty crowd were veterans , as were many of the bartenders .
... -LSB- I -RSB- n my mind they were competing venues for command and control and decisionmaking .
Corporate participation involves an annual unrestricted gift of $ 2,500 or more for Chancellors Circle or of $ 1,000 or more for Chancellors Associates .
Your donation of $ 25 , $ 50 , $ 125 , $ 250 or more will help us remain a steady source of assistance for people like Ted .
The bankruptcy of secular , autocratic nationalism was evident across the Muslim world by the late 1970s .
The doctor got , did some tests and uh , done some tests .
Wha , yeah , very hard compared to high school .
Her interviewer did n't bat an eye .
In Charles McGregor 's words , a dictionary that says a lot about a little and one that says a little about a lot can end up roughly the same size .
Congress killed the idea .
And they put out the , the word that yes , they had killed him .
Just when you thought it was safe to assume that we now know all we are ever likely to know about the past , someone digs another hole and unearths -LRB- literally or figuratively -RRB- some ancient one day it is a fragile scroll , found in a cave near the Dead Sea , that turns out to be pre-Biblical ; the next day it is an entire terracotta army of Chinese the next it is a skull , excavated from the Olduvai Gorge , that compels anthropologists -LRB- once again -RRB- to revise their guesses about the earliest stages of Homo sapiens sapiens vs hominids .
And then there was never like any female blood Averetts until like my oldest cousin had kids .
Sweeney told Woodward that she and Ong were trying to relay as much information as they could to people on the ground .
I liked those Disney World things .
Because , there were a lot more things .
That nine minutes ' notice before impact was the most the military would receive of any of the four hijackings .
When I was teaching there , the explanation invariably given by boys brought to me for scrapping in the playground Ee it oi , so oi it ee .
An English authority on dictionaries , James Root Hulbert , says that The Concise Oxford is the best for literary use in Britain and Chambers the best for general British use .
That was Robert Frost .
A Midwesterner , Will Hays , Jr. , who is proud of his knowledge of post-Civil-War history , tells me the following origin of shot , as in shotglass , absent from Gunning for the English Language :
But the implication that OLWs are new ` just because they now appear routinely in comic strips and on television ` is misguided .
In Cecilia 's case she had to face the situation with a limited education , no skills and no source of income .
Although no single retailer pioneered or adopted all the innovations that compose lean retailing , we focus here on those in three segments ` mass merchants , national chains , and departments stores ` that played important roles in initiating the larger transformation .
It suggests that many parents who feel overwhelmed by life 's demands ought to be able to free up more time for their childre n'the first step toward high-quality child rearing .
The field is about 100 years old .
So , fill out the enclosed form and we 'll be delighted to hear from you .
The guild 's institutions have , in their unobtrusively ubiquitous way , become more powerful than both the Catholic Christianity which gave them birth and the regimes of Europe that scattered them round the world .
Correspondingly , employment in automotive and apparel trimmings increased 71.4 percent from 1979 to 1997 while in women 's and misses blouses and skirts it declined by 60.6 percent in the same period .
I went on through , unlocked the window and left .
A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , she says .
But uh , come mealtime boy this little apartment with central air conditioning running , the smoke hung about four and a half five feet down from the ceiling .
Moreover , Bin Ladin had in fact been sponsoring anti-Saddam Islamists in Iraqi Kurdistan , and sought to attract them into his Islamic army .
And in several of these random instances of pleonasm , truism , kinky syntax , malapropos metaphor , and just plain dumb things to say , I perceived the moroxonic spirit at work .
Marr sought authorization to scramble the Otis fighters .
These processes are often reinforced with such comments from parents and teachers as , You 'll never get anywhere nowadays without a college education .
- The new Masters in Planning degree ;
They seem to think that he is descending .
This was later determined to have been Flight 77 .
Thirty-seven passengers , including the hijackers , boarded the plane .
He searched along the plane 's projected flight path and the airspace to the southwest where it had started to turn .
Without those conversations , this level of insight is slow to develop .
-LRB- This , remember , was in my youth , and it was a time when typographical errors were called typographical errors , not typos ` at least by kids in junior high . -RRB-
Citing the Soviet army 's withdrawal from Afghanistan as proof that a ragged army of dedicated Muslims could overcome a superpower , he told the We are certain that we shall-with the grace of Allah-prevail over the Americans .
I guess I lay there unconscious awhile .
Projects which enliven and enrich the student experience and draw some of our finest scholars and teachers to our campus -- and to our city .
Not only are they winning awards around town but many will be presented with scholarships or gift certificates on April 30th at the annual Awards and Honors Ceremony .
. Substantively , if not literally , she made a morox .
The cockpit voice recorder captured the sounds of the passenger assault muffled by the intervening cockpit door .
Paula Van Gelder 's Poetic Licenses -LSB- XIV , 4 -RSB- reminded me of the license plate a friend reported recently .
It ill behooves me , excoriated recently as enamored of the cheap larf , to criticize Safire 's arch puns , which permeate ' enliven is probably the word his editor would use ` his articles , but I find some kinds of humor unsuitable for reading , however they might evoke a chuckle when uttered viva voce . A handful of examples , from the book at
United 93 crashed in Pennsylvania at 10:03:11 , 125 miles from Washington , D.C.
Then he came and we stayed on in the same place .
Yeah , it did because I know people from Charlotte now that went to like , not to slam Providence because I like a lot of those people , but they like have like so many like stereotypes of people because they do n't know anybody .
An English authority on dictionaries , James Root Hulbert , says that The Concise Oxford is the best for literary use in Britain and Chambers the best for general British use .
In a typical apparel factory , a sewing operator is actually sewing only one-quarter of the time .
In 2001 , with Bin Ladin 's help they re-formed into an organization called Ansar al Islam .
So , I said , No , I said , I 'm not going to be able to go .
Parents , as I noted earlier , often complain that they have too little time for children ` indeed , too little time to sleep , read , cook , exercise , and socialize as well !
But stories I remember hearing one of uh , I believe it was Marsha uh , the wind caught the storm door there she was , she was uh , hanging on to the back storm door and I guess pulled it open a little bit to see what was going on and the wind caught it and threw her right out in the yard .
At 7:18 , Mihdhar and Moqed entered the security checkpoint .
There is another option called , SUGGEST , which , if invoked , lists up to seven or eight words that you might have had in mind when you wrote the one that offended the machine , and this brings me to the point of this article .
Notwithstanding the unfortunate fact that the gathering and assessment of citational evidence is not what it should -LRB- or might -RRB- be , I should still put my money on professional lexicographers and their resources rather than on M and S.
And as you do so , Girl Scouts from all over the Hoosier Capital Council invite you to test your knowledge of the crucial services funded through Annual Appeal dollars .
High demand variation similarly occurs during the beginning and end of a product life cycle .
YMCA International Conference -- Four delegates -LRB- 3 volunteers and 1 staff attended the YMCA International Conference in Toronto , Canada in October .
There 's still time to be listed in the ALUMNI BULLETIN and for us to send you an invitation to the Century Club reception on May 3rd .
Its institutions take many forms and survive under many different political regimes .
Of the two , the W geographical listings seem more W lists Aylesbury , which , through some grievous , egregious fault , is not in the geographical section of the L but does appear in the A-Z section -LRB- because of the ducks -RRB- .
Second , he warned that more people , including Muslims , were attracted to jahiliyya and its material comforts than to his view of Islam ; jahiliyya could therefore triumph over Islam .
Goodwill works .
The standardized shipping container marker ` which is possible only because of the existence of bar codes in the first place ` provides a scannable description of a carton that can be electronically associated with data files containing specific information on the individual products shipped to the retailer .
Over time , their policies - repression , rewards , emigration , and the displacement of popular anger onto scapegoats -LRB- generally foreign -RRB- - were shaped by the desire to cling to power .
An Army special force launched a raid on Mogadishu to capture him .
Between 9:15 and 9:30 , the staff was busy arranging a return to Washington , while the President consulted his senior advisers about his remarks .
Chair is a Greek compound of kata ` down ' + hedra ` sit , seat .
The details of what happened on the morning of September 11 are complex , but they play out a simple theme .
Contact my office in the fall for the schedule and listing of this years ' artists .
There is nobody around I could practise with .
If the cloth has tension before it is cut , then it will contract after it is cut into separate pattern pieces .
Bin Ladin also relies heavily on the Egyptian writer Sayyid Qutb .
My dad still does n't believe me .
As United 93 left Newark , the flight 's crew members were unaware of the hijacking of American 11 .
It is shameful that the Gage Canadian allows only plaid .
This sort of misnomer leads Carnegie to suppose that to the uninitiated no map is so misleading as that of West Australia where lakes are salt-bogs without surface water , springs seldom run , and native ` wells ' are merely tiny holes in the rock , yielding from 0 to 200 gallons .
Um , reading is fundamental as they say and it truly is .
A number of poignant Yiddish words defy genuine translation into
But duende has deeper vibrations , evoking for its disciples the very ethos of Spain .
The controller tracking American 77 told us he noticed the aircraft turning to the southwest , and then saw the data disappear .
Islamist revival movements gained followers across the Muslim world , but failed to secure political power except in Iran and Sudan .
What 's your favorite ?
It is useful to outline the ordering and manufacturing processes on a weekly basis to see how this manufacturer 's inventory policies might differ for the two different sizes .
Then they left , they left for the mountain , they went on up .
In particular , retaining some short-cycle capacity may be advantageous for production of SKUs with higher levels of demand variation , whether because of fashion content or uncommon size ` that is , for garments that have unique design elements or are in a size few consumers wear .
That is where I happened to open this book , where I closed it , and why this review is so brief .
When one of these women gave birth to a child without knowing which sailor had fathered it , the paternity was logged as gun , perhaps alluding to the midship gun , which was often located near the makeshift maternity room .
One of the passengers who mentioned a bomb expressed his belief that it was not real .
Make your contribution payable to the Indiana University Foundation with the designation for Law - Indpls .
A local software company has generously donated a complete analysis of our computer hardware and software needs so that the school can offer faculty and students the most up-to-date information technology .
Do you plan on staying in Charlotte ?
When we quote from a source document , we use its transliteration , e.g. , al Qida instead of al Qaeda .
A carpenter .
By the mid-1980s , a number of the most prestigious retailers were faltering , with some filing for bankruptcy or being acquired by other retailers .
We are also organizing an IU Periodontal Alumni Association that we discussed in Dallas .
Although automation of sewing operations is generally not cost effective , these innovations have made some inroads in particular segments .
It does not take a too-wicked mind to read into such terms meanings of a lewd nature .
Air Force One departed at about 9:54 without any fixed destination .
Eventually , the shelter received word that the alleged hijacker 5 miles away had been a medevac helicopter .
Forge an adult-child relationship based on shared understanding , or intersubjectivity'one in which the adult strives to connect with the child by stretching down to his or her point of view , thereby helping the child stretch up to the adult 's more mature perspective .
set in a type -LRB- as boldface -RRB- readily distinguishable from that of the lightface running text which defines , explains , or identifies the entry
But even without them , he would certainly have understood that the attacks on the World Trade Center would already have unfolded , given Flight 93 's tardy departure from Newark .
And in enabling children to practice and perfect narrative skills , adult-child conversation provides crucial preparation for literacy .
This year 's Annual Appeal goal is $ 65,000 .
But to deny that the oblique senses of man are still very much with us is mere optimistic folly .
The sociocultural vision is very dierent from behaviorism , which views development as directly imposed , or shaped , by external forces .
There is a term in English for a tennis player reaching a height , for a brief stretch or longer , when he can not miss , and tennis people call it zoning . I have not heard it used in other cases , but when used it seems to equal tener duende . I do not know whether that use of duende has reached Portuguese speakers in Brazil or Portugal , but if it has not , it probably will soon , because so many Portuguese speakers are bilingual in Spanish .
And then , well , we found out that my brother had been admitted , until they took out th , that -LRB- fragment0 , they let him come , but now he did n't come , he went to , to the department of education and asked a transfer , they did n't deny it to him , they transferred him to another place immediately .
The School of Law in Indianapolis received nearly 1,300 applications to enroll its 1993 first-year class of 260 students .
They enabled the passengers to gain critical information , including the news that two aircraft had slammed into the World Trade Center .
Nothing except knowing that you are helping to protect the Earth 's precious natural resources .
Boston Center immediately advised the New England Region that it was going to stop all departures at airports under its control .
Increased rates of product introduction , product proliferation , and shortened product cycles mean that companies have to respond much faster to rapidly changing markets .
Therefore , this age group continues to need more adult supervision and positive programs during after school hours .
And you where do you live now ?
The flight attendant reported that the flight had been hijacked , both pilots had been killed , a flight attendant had been stabbed , and the hijackers were probably flying the plane .
... One nation , invisible .
We hope that you will consider a personal gift to help us offer our young people as possible .
Oh I 've done that a number of times .
It is far less than is available at most law schools including Bloomington spent $ 279,000 for scholarships during the same time period !
It is difficult to make any sensible connection between the lives of authors and their creations .
Do you remember the names of any of them ?
At 80 he was still cold .
General Arnold later recalled instructing Marr to go ahead and scramble them , and we 'll get authorities later .
He could have learned of this from messages being sent by United Airlines to the cockpits of its transcontinental flights , including Flight 93 , warning of cockpit intrusion and telling of the New York attacks .
And what 's your major ?
Do you know what a teja is ?
Then watch your gift multiply .
The President emphasized to us that he had authorized the shootdown of hijacked aircraft .
Tuition for the 1999-2000 school year is $ 6,250 and is expected to go up next year .
In doing so , they invite children to judge the appropriateness of their requirements .
However , in light of the growth of rapid replenishment , our research predicts that the performance of these two units will vary over time , with the supplier that has implemented flexible planning and short-cycle production processes coming out ahead .
\ \ Can you remember the very first stories that were read when you were little ?
Your donation to the Herron School of Art and Gallery is crucial to this goal .
Indeed , Washington wore a dark brown suit , entirely made in America , for his first inaugural on April 30 , 1789 .
Goin ' cut him if he stan ' still , goin ' shoot him if he run .
The whole enchilada !
Um , do you remember everything that your mom , like when she 's telling the story , do you remember everything she tells or is some of it you remember and some of it you do n't ?
In all the ways just mentioned , parents and other adults are vital conveyers of culture , through direct teaching of attitudes and values and through the pervasive imprint of culture on the settings and activities they provide for children .
Lenient -- lenient , you know .
We hope you had an opportunity to read about Robert and his time at the Club before the letter became lost in the numerous pieces of mail one receives over the holidays .
As you know , we are in the process of building an endowment fund in graduate periodontics at Indiana University which will honor Dr. Timothy J. O'Leary , a man whose leadership played a significant role in our school and profession .
The firm was stocking out of the low demand items , which , as described above , suffered from relatively high demand variation .
In the same way , those who support equal rights for women would be well advised to concentrate on the issues at hand and not contaminate their cause with trivia , like whether Romeo and Juliet or Antony and Cleopatra ought to have the order of the names reversed in odd-numbered years so that women get top billing .
By 10:45 there was , however , another set of fighters circling Washington that had entirely different rules of engagement .
At 8:51 , the flight deviated from its assigned altitude , and a minute later New York air traffic controllers began repeatedly and unsuccessfully trying to contact it .
she said , I mean , a huge group !
Some machines have an automatic thread-trimmer to do this step ; if not , then the threads must be cut and the finished work put in an appropriate pile to be tied together when all the pieces of the bundle have been finished .
He cut out a square and a circle with help today .
The metaphor of a scaffold has been used to describe eective adult support as children work on tasks that teach culturally valued concepts and skills .
There are lengthy usage notes and synonym studies in W that do not appear in L at all or in greatly abbreviated form , sometimes mercifully so , for W occasionally succumbs to prolixity .
The second chapter of the Handbook is devoted in its entirety to The Pronoun Problem , mercifully concluding with the expression of some doubt that an artificial generic pronoun , like hir , thon , per , and other abominations , is likely to take hold .
Yeah , it did because I know people from Charlotte now that went to like , not to slam Providence because I like a lot of those people , but they like have like so many like stereotypes of people because they do n't know anybody .
Definitely the freedom , definitely the freedom .
And do you feel like it was a good thing to grow up around ?
In high school I was , you know , 3.0 's , you knows A 's and B 's an occasional C . Now here I 'm lucky if I get a C on something .
For example , textile firms that supply retailers directly with their own products may have to combine equivalent information technologies with manufacturing innovations in finishing lines that shorten production cycles in order to gain competitive advantage .
Some of Bin Ladin 's close comrades were more peers than subordinates .
Please join us as we continue to rebuild this historic neighborhood into a place of pride and community strength .
Both individuals agreed that the teleconference played no role in coordinating a response to the attacks of 9/11 .
The literacy statistics change little from year to year .
Help us continue to offer the finest professional art training to our students , the junior and senior high school students enrolled in Saturday School and to all those adults in continuing education courses .
\ \ They was n't ghosts .
U.S. intelligence estimates put the total number of fighters who underwent instruction in Bin Ladin-supported camps in Afghanistan from 1996 through 9/11 at 10,000 to 20,000 .
Although self-regulation improves gradually throughout childhood and adolescence , early childhood is a crucial period for its development ' a time when children learn to overcome impulses by thinking before they act .
farthingale Neither a singing , nocturnal coin , nor a storm of flatulence , but the light wooden frame that puffed out milady 's 16th-century skirt .
When was that ?
He became even more concerned as its route changed , moving into another sector 's airspace .
Or do would they rather you have stay in Nursing ?
We hope you had an opportunity to read about Robert and his time at the Club before the letter became lost in the numerous pieces of mail one receives over the holidays .
So I guess they went that far .
This simple fact of sewing makes it very difficult to automate the process .
When you give to United Way , you can rest assured that your gift will be used efficiently and effectively to help people in need here at home .
That kind of pawkiness is fitting in a dictionary edited and published in Edinburgh and which defines pawky as a Scots word meaning drily or slyly humorous .
You do numbers real fast ?
That 's a good attitude !
Bin Ladin 's impressive array of offices covertly provided financial and other support for terrorist activities .
When you make your contribution to the law school in 1992 , please take a moment to follow the three easy steps listed above .
I said to him , But you know , I 'm your friend , tell me why .
At this time the FAA had no contact with the military at the level of national command .
At 9:29 , the autopilot on American 77 was disengaged ; the aircraft was at 7,000 feet and approximately 38 miles west of the Pentagon .
Another book that I read recently is very interesting books The Journals of Lewis and Clark .
My mom knows .
As our consideration of Anselmo and his parents revealed , doing the task for the child severely reduces learning and self-regulation .
In 1996 , these figures will triple .
My cousin 's .
First Grade .
Um , the joys , joys and fun of construction .
No move was made to evacuate the Vice President at this time .
* All times given for this conference call are estimates , which we and the Department of Defense believe to be accurate within a 3 minute margin of error .
I enjoy sharing these small victories with you through my letters .
And who told you that story ?
I can not wait to see a new perfume marketed under the name Mephitis , Osmatique , or Puanteur .
Thousands of Hoosier motorists have been doing just that by purchasing environmental license plates .
The call ended abruptly .
The syllabication of headwords is not an important feature in British the Collins English Dictionary , which offered an elaborate system in its first edition -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , set the words solid in its second edition -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , but I am informed that the major portion of the correspondence received at Collins Publishing concerning the dictionary concerns this change and is critical of it .
Do feel like it 's changed a lot ?
He had an appetite and aptitude for business .
I 'm told I 'm a lot like him .
The White House requested -LRB- 1 -RRB- the implementation of continuity of government measures , -LRB- 2 -RRB- fighter escorts for Air Force One , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- a fighter combat air patrol over Washington , D.C.
Each award involves a tuition/fee remission and a $ 1000 stipend .
But , it is high time that we establish direct contact with all alumni from all the graduation years , from all Department activities and areas .
-LRB- Note that there is a 95 percent chance that demand will be less than seventeen units next week ` thus , if our buyer decides to stock seventeen units at the beginning of the week , the store should be able to offer a 95 percent order fulfillment rate on this SKU . -RRB-
Sewing rooms are generally arranged in rows of workers , each seated at a machine doing one operation on a bundle of parts .
Well , because it was really interesting stuff .
The call ended abruptly .
Bin Ladin 's grievance with the United States may have started in reaction to specific U.S. policies but it quickly became far deeper .
Simply doing business with lean retailers in no way confers competitive success .
I 'll pass that along over here .
In 1990 , 73 percent of all workers in this industry were classified as working in the sewing department ; 91 percent were sewing machine operators .
Other extremists had , and have , followings of their own .
Unlike PBS , however , SLS uses the single garment rather than the bundle as the unit of production .
And I could n't , well , do anything else .
I trust that this is a fillip of propaganda and not a serious query .
Are they , like , rounded ?
For them , as for most feminists , political considerations are primary .
I have been with the Department of Manufacturing Technology for about thirty years , twenty-five years as chairman and have recently retired .
The union in the men 's clothing field at the time issued official publications in eight different languages .
Next bend , back to silver .
Oh well that was Rosemary , her mother was gone .
finding an interesting shell on the beach -LRB- Looks like Mom 's shiny necklace .
Others who worked with ACM 's high school programming competition , with engineering 's super mileage vehicle , with RHllv1 's Baker 's Club , or with any of the School 's other activities helped to maintain traditions in their departments that future classes will be encouraged to continue .
A manager at the Herndon Command Center asked FAA headquarters if they wanted to order a nationwide ground stop .
W lists the date of the earliest recorded use in English ... of the sense which the date precedes .
At 80 he was still cold .
Assume that the retailer wishes to provide a 95 percent order-fulfillment rate for this SKU , that the retailer checks inventory once per week , and that the manufacturer 's lead time to deliver replenishment units is overnight .
Um , well , let 's see , so do you think that those experiences helped you figure out the kinds of things you liked to read ?
So you could n't tell what kind , at night , what kind of people were going by , but you could hear clatter , because even beasts full of weapons , with , everything , you know ?
So we quick think and I go , well grab a paper towel and wet it and throw a couple of ice cubes in and put it on his hand , get him up to his feet and haul him off to the emergency room .
I trust that this is a fillip of propaganda and not a serious query .
I said to him , Why ?
The cockpit voice recorder data indicate that a woman , most likely a flight attendant , was being held captive in the cockpit .
I would just scream and scream you know that , No , no , do n't do that .
Because my whole first year , I did n't work .
According to Miyares ' wife , JoAnn , the decision changed his life .
They thus might give Pakistan greater security on one of the several borders where Pakistani military officers hoped for what they called strategic depth .
I thought that was surely the first time I had ever seen such an obvious typographical error in , of all things , a simple title on a simple 78-rpm record .
The Concise Oxford allows both pronunciations .
Gifts to the Chancellor 's Circle will help pay travel costs to our city and campus for prospective faculty and their spouses , along with some relocation costs .
I mean I 'm sure I have read I just ca n't even remember what , Dr. Zhivago , I read that .
Boston Center TMU -LSB- Traffic Management Unit -RSB- , we have a problem here .
Among the subjects he touches on in his poem are street crime , unemployment , the degradation of the welfare system , tacky urban renewal projects , overcrowding , high rents and unscrupulous landlords , noise , vehicular traffic , congestion , even problems of immigration and integration .
Turn over responsibility for the task to the child as soon as he or she can master it without assistance .
It places a high value on success with such things .
We were generously offered $ 1,000 toward the establishment of our Department 's first scholarship program .
Um , not too many stories about my dad 's childhood .
The Command Center 's national operations manager , Ben Sliney , ordered all FAA facilities to instruct all aircraft to land at the nearest airport .
When the vacuum pump comes on , five pounds of force per square foot push down on the fabric .
Whether clerical workers or executives , the majority confirmed the parental state of mind just They complained of overly long workdays and frenetic home lives .
Well , my brother had a , cow , tied out , and a goat , the cow 's offspring .
Unlike the women 's industry , where style has always mattered more , relatively large men 's apparel manufacturers such as Haggar ; Hart , Schaffner , and Marx ; Fruit of the Loom ; Arrow Shirt Company ; and Hathaway Shirt emerged , seeking to capture economies of scale .
When two peoples speaking different languages share a common border , there is an infiltration of words from one language to the other .
My memory is rickety , but I am sure my first recording was labeled MUSKRAT RAMBLE , and I think , though I am less sure , that it was played by the late Muggsy Spanier , who was , to my mind , one of the greatest of jazz trumpeters .
Do you enjoy -- ?
And , I do n't know , it 's like my grandparents , I 'm the youngest one .
And it 's my understanding they 've already taken a couple of aircraft out .
In June 1984 I moved from Ottawa to Victoria , on Vancouver Island , where I now enjoy genteel retirement .
Because of your past support , Girl Scouts has been able to reach out to more of our future leaders -- our girls .
It is not really a dictionary , of course , in the sense that is lacks definitions ; it is merely a word list .
Between 9:34 and 9:38 , the Cleveland controller observed United 93 climbing to 40,700 feet and immediately moved several aircraft out its way .
Only smooth and clever entry into the make-believe activity ` for example , inviting the dolls and stuffed animals to get up for breakfast ` could lure Mattie into starting the real part of her day without protest .
My ankle .
Because teaching a man to fish will keep him fed for his entire life .
The manufacturer can then transport the cut parts for assembly to sewing rooms , which may be either local or out of the country .
Work hard study balance your time , you know .
Today we can readily buy lap-top computers with data storage capacity far greater than that entire IBM factory could have offered .
He made a face too .
From 9:34 to 10:08 , a Command Center facility manager provided frequent updates to Acting Deputy Administrator Monte Belger and other executives at FAA headquarters as United 93 headed toward Washington , D.C.
I mean , just mostly because my family lives up there and I enjoy being up there .
-LRB- Points again to the bottom of the puzzle -RRB-
All on board , as well as many civilian and military personnel in the building , were killed .
When my students and I approached the heart of the course ` talking the English language ` nothing seemed to work for me until I closed all the books and compelled two or three students at a time to put themselves in commonplace situations in which they had to speak English .
The Vice President was mistaken in his belief that shootdown authorization had been passed to the pilots flying at NORAD 's direction .
Indeed , it is not clear to us that the video teleconference was fully under way before 9:37 , when the Pentagon was struck .
But while the effort failed , it shows what Bin Ladin and his associates hoped to do .
He decided to make a brief statement from the school before leaving for the airport .
That aircraft was United 93 .
Nothing I can remember that I got hurt .
End of digression and back to MUSKRAT-KAT - Muskrat Ramble is credited to Edward Kid Ory and Ray Gilbert .
This year , 1993 , marks the ten-year anniversary of the A. Rebekah Fisk Memorial Scholarship .
The connection between recent changes in inventory policy and the business cycle have only begun to be studied in a systematic fashion .
Language appropriate to a basic ability to read and write , followed by the capacity to handle abstract usage , and , at a higher level , to be at ease with what Philip Gove in Webster 's Third called ISV , ` international scientific vocabulary .
We will host a reception for Century Club members during the Indiana Dental Association meeting in Indianapolis .
Other flight attendants were busy at duties such as getting medical supplies while Ong and Sweeney were reporting the events .
This year 's contribution form includes a place to indicate how your donation should be used , or just make your check out to the IGGS Scholarship Fund .
In fact , our analysis of the HCTAR data shows that the probability of adopting shipping container markers and modular production significantly increases if both bar codes and EDI have already been implemented .
Because my whole first year , I did n't work .
Specifically , our manufacturer checked inventory of every item each week .
Sharing information and current knowledge of the market across channel players achieves some of the same objectives ` at lower cost ` of formally reaching forward or backward into markets .
So we took a chance on it and started following the billboards .
We 're off to save the Galaxy !
Other experiences are linguistic only in reverse , or only as one thinks of what the language ought to be .
As for Allah K. Swit , he must have been one of their tribal deities .
After learning that United Airlines was missing a plane , American Airlines headquarters extended the ground stop nationwide .
That is , this is the last such request that will be penned from the Cavanaugh Hall address .
On Air Force One , the President 's press secretary was taking notes ; Ari Fleischer recorded that at 10:20 , the President told him that he had authorized a shootdown of aircraft if necessary .
Shall we finish it off ?
And as I look at the last slip in my random handful , again I encounter a classificatory
As described below , the ensuing years saw additional efforts to establish connections .
But between water and watt there are fifty-four main entries in Cobuild and 148 in CED . They share such entries as water biscuit and waterworks . But in addition CED alone enters water measurer -LRB- a ` bug ' -RRB- , Watford -LRB- a ` town north of London ' -RRB- , etc. .
Rosy , too , had seen the tune as Muskrat , Muskat , and Muscat . I asked him what he thought the original title was .
They had bookshelves , um , that my daddy built , that were built in bookshelves and he um , they were filled up with books , and one summer , I remember when I was a teenager , I just made it a mission to read as many of those books as I could , and I plowed , they were fiction most of them .
And just as important , I invite you to renew your partnership with The Salvation Army by sending a contribution , once again , today .
And he said , What 's going on ?
He liked it a little warmer .
We need to get the military involved with us .
That same while that I was there at my brother 's , we went to look for , the people who owned land , to see if they would give me , pasture land for the animals .
It 's such a handicap not to read .
In the succeeding minutes , controllers were attempting to ascertain the altitude of the southbound flight .
Note that these significant technological , market , and environmental changes largely originated outside the apparel industry itself .
acolyte usage of this word varies from one time , culture , and religion to another .
She boldly marched into a bookstore and asked the salesclerk for a copy each of Hemingway 's The Sun Come Up Again and Throw Away the Gun and Steinbeck 's The Angry Grape . Is there a term for the errors that creep in while translating a passage back into the original tongue ?
How about I used to read you stories a lot .
Not any stories that she used to tell .
Because , well , no , Ines was putting up an argument that - , when he told her , No , he said , e , Luis Alonso , I may be going to die , he said , because so much blood loss , he said .
There have been so many changes to the IUPUI campus and your department that you and your fellow graduates might not recognize them .
If my father bought it , it would have to be a Dodge .
I just really did n't ever love poetry for some reason .
The President said he remembered such a conversation , and that it reminded him of when he had been an interceptor pilot .
And , as a Palestinian , he saw Israel as the top priority for the next stage .
Five calls described the intent of passengers and surviving crew members to revolt against the hijackers .
Throwing up .
Bin Ladin agreed to help Turabi in an ongoing war against African Christian separatists in southern Sudan and also to do some road building .
A Midwesterner , Will Hays , Jr. , who is proud of his knowledge of post-Civil-War history , tells me the following origin of shot , as in shotglass , absent from Gunning for the English Language :
I have been with the Department of Manufacturing Technology for about thirty years , twenty-five years as chairman and have recently retired .
I said , If you , if you would lend me your boys tomorrow .
But under rapid replenishment arrangements , the inventory risk is now assumed by the apparel manufacturer ; consequently assembly time is now very important .
And what in the world is one to make of William Butler Yeats 's startling revelation in his poem Lapis Lazuli -LRB- from Last Poems -RRB- that
Um , but he 'd bend down and stay down to help that dog .
Yiddish never apologizes for what it is ` the earthy , wise soul of an expressive people learning that life is but a mingled yarn , good and ill together .
It costs $ 225 to send one child to camp .
What Clustering Looks Like in the Real World
That 's the latest report we have .
The reason , Robinson and Godbey suggest , is that our pace of life is faster .
FAA headquarters began to follow the hijack protocol but did not contact the NMCC to request a fighter escort .
Both plants are capable of making the same set of products .
Let 's assume that the store 's demand for the size-8 Levi 's jeans last week can be described by the distribution in Figure 6.1 .
We 're at an exciting juncture and it wo n't be long until we start seeing solid results from our efforts .
What did you enjoy about reading the Lewis and Clark journals ?
The outcome left Bin Ladin indisputably in charge of what remained of the MAK and al Qaeda .
They were promptly executed .
Using it to bolster an argument is plainly a mistake .
Gowers , himself an Englishman , said that in Scotland , its land of origin , the pronunciation is skawn , and English people who know this so pronounce it .
Even though I had freedom when I was , you know , home , whatever , but I still had a curfew .
Now that manufacturers of power tools and ball bearings talk about their products as fashion items , the apparel industry'always subject to the whims of fashion ` has much to say to any industry that involves retailing .
That 's the way , way it was , they 're big , plenty , if I were to tell you all the stories of what we went through , I tell you , that I 'd keep you all night . That 's how it was , it was said , but thank God in the family hardly -- The guerrillas also took out a man from the outskirts near the , the place where we lived , who was called Juan .
This was later determined to have been Flight 77 .
Hold on a second .
Three of the flights had actually taken off within 10 to 15 minutes of their planned departure times .
How can the definers be sure we will know without being told that a man-about-town is never a woman ?
At 9:24 , Ballinger 's warning to United 93 was received in the cockpit .
ramrod A ramrod is a rod of wood or metal for ramming the ball and patch down the barrel of a muzzleloading firearm and setting them against the main powder charge .
Bin Ladin , whose efforts in Afghanistan had earned him celebrity and respect , proposed to the Saudi monarchy that he summon mujahideen for a jihad to retake Kuwait .
According to one call , they voted on whether to rush the terrorists in an attempt to retake the plane .
Furthermore , both language progress and an array of emergent-literacy skills can be predicted by the sheer amount of verbal interaction in the home during the first few years of life'a relationship that holds for children of all socioeconomic levels .
Operators worked feverishly to include the FAA , but they had equipment problems and difficulty finding secure phone numbers .
Bear in mind , however , that the information-integrated channel requires substantial investment in technologies by retailers .
All the same , in one respect , Denis was right .
Make-believe play is yet another .
Address your remarks to the chair illustrates metonymy , a figure of speech in which something is called by the name of something else associated with it .
More generally , feminists reveal and question implied norms in language and hence in our consciousness , ranging from the application form 's unmarried which suggests that marriage is the normal state -LRB- as parents of twins imply double births expected , referring to non-twins as singletons -RRB- to more complex issues , such as those associated with terms like masculine and feminine . Anomalies in language become evidence .
In order to develop job skills , a man with some serious disabilities begins working in Goodwill 's industrial division .
Counts to four .
Essentially , he proposes that the parent of all Indo-European languages was itself born in central Anatolia , whence it spread eastward , westward , and northward , being modified by the influences of the languages with which it came into contact , till it ultimately emerged in its recognizable , modern manifestations which we categorize into Germanic , Hellenic , Italic , Indo-Iranian , Anatolian , Armenian , Celtic , Tocharian , Albanian , and BaltoSlavic .
The would-be killers , who came from the Egyptian Islamic Group , had been sheltered in Sudan and helped by Bin Ladin .
Come in , please !
He trained in desktop publishing and combined his enthusiastic work ethic with new-found skills in a burgeoning industry .
I sat soaking at about 100F , while an exuberant gentleman on my left , who was wearing his washcloth draped over his head , gave me his four words of New York , Broadway , Niagara Falls , Grand Canyon . The real cultural joy , however , lay in just immersing myself in this aura , evoking Dante and 8 ?? , and watching the occupants through the steamy haze as they lathered , rinsed , and squatted on little plastic stools to shave before low-hung misted mirrors against the walls ` all this before I slap-slapped back to my room to enjoy dinner on the floor .
Congratulations on the completion of your bachelor 's degree from Purdue University School of Engineering and Technology at IUPUI .
That is nonsense , of course ; but even if the users remain keenly aware that 1669 is the date only of the earliest written evidence , of what use or importance is that to them ?
More subtle and less readily articulated objections probably exist .
You can see from the enclosed newspaper article the quality and diversity of those who receive this honor .
The parent always in a hurry ` who says , when the child desires involvement , There is n't time , or who fails to insist that the child join in household tasks in keeping with his or her capacity ` severely limits the child 's learning .
Well , they must have because I still read fiction .
The natural line of development makes closer contact with its surrounding social context , merges with it , and is transformed by it .
Chinese , Japanese , Vietnamese , Guatemalan-Mayan , eastern Kentucky Appalachian , and many other cultural groups regard newborn infants as psychologically separate beings whose most important task is to develop an interdependent relationship with their community'an emotional and social foundation that is crucial for survival and learning .
I told him , I 'm coming .
In the late 1990s , these extremist groups suffered major defeats by Kurdish forces .
On 9/11 , all the hijacked aircraft were in NORAD 's Northeast Air Defense Sector -LRB- also known as NEADS -RRB- , which is based in Rome , New York .
This lesson was applied , using Tomahawk missiles , early in the Clinton administration .
Ask parents why they spell rather than say the words , and they remark , If you say ice cream , ' he 'll want it now .
Two of them told me yesterday that as a group they decided they had to earn the right to ask others for help by accomplishing something real to help themselves .
I picture muskrats wallowing about in the mire and paddling sluggishly through the water , but I would n't call that rambling .
And he goes , Yeah , sure , I 'll take you .
Both pilots had been killed -LRB- reported by one flight attendant -RRB- .
Cancel , and tear to pieces , that great bond Which keeps me pale !
You 'd better do it right !
Or the virtual impossibility of finding a quiet place to study or even think , so that the children can cope in school and one day have a chance of achieving something better ?
In Sudan , he established an Islamic Army Shura that was to serve as the coordinating body for the consortium of terrorist groups with which he was forging alliances .
The most recent hijacking that involved U.S. air traffic controllers , FAA management , and military coordination had occurred in 1993 .
We are privately funded by thousands of individuals , clubs , businesses , churches , foundations - and others .
Do you smoke her Saratogas ?
This edition when published was said to give more word definitions than any other British desk dictionary ; including its main competitor , The Concise Oxford . But in 1986 it was moved into second place by the second edition of Collins Dictionary of the English Language . -LRB- Webster 's New World Dictionary of the American Language seems about the same size as the Oxford ; the Gage Canadian Dictionary is slightly smaller . -RRB-
One day when the wind chill factor was nearing absolute zero , I took shelter in the service club .
W has illustrations -LRB- better than those in the Third Unabridged -RRB- ; L has none , but it must be noted that other British dictionaries lack them also , so L need not have included them purely for competitive reasons in the main market it is intended to serve .
Parents reported significant benefits from Girl Scouting for their daughters and themselves .
Tacitly , Daly , like most feminists , invokes an earlier , quieter voice , that of Virginia Woolf .
The staff member has mentioned several times to Becky that she should take the art home , but Becky does n't want to ; she wants the staff person to have it .
Last year , you gave us a contribution of $ xx , for which we , and the people you helped , are grateful .
FAA headquarters had by this time established an open line of communication with the Command Center at Herndon and instructed it to poll all its centers about suspect aircraft .
Nevertheless , they constituted a potential resource for al Qaeda .
' Even though lariat contains its own Spanish article , when we imported it into English , we added another , the English the , to create a literal the la reata , ` the the lasso , ' and we never think of it as redundancy .
Bin Ladin also began to have serious money problems .
Yeah , it did because I know people from Charlotte now that went to like , not to slam Providence because I like a lot of those people , but they like have like so many like stereotypes of people because they do n't know anybody .
That is not entirely true , for linguists know too much about language to suggest that there ever was , literally , a single language from which all Indo-European languages descended .
Ever since the Islamist regime came to power in Khartoum , the United States and other Western governments had pressed it to stop providing a haven for terrorist organizations .
These undergo a natural course of development through direct contact with the environment during the first two years of life , similar to the process of exploration and discovery described by Piaget .
And , where the reference is made in the first paragraph to the twanging release of Ulysses ' silver bow , that the bowman is not Ulysses but Apollo , shooting into the Greek camp .
If you have any questions , please call me at 241-2661 .
But there , as everywhere else , nothing can interfere with progress and , regardless of the finds and their importance , the archaeologist must eventually yield to the bulldozer .
Well , do you remember one of those particular stories that um , might come up when you 're just sitting around reminiscing ?
OK , well um , are there any particular stories related to this or anything else you enjoy reading now or um , I mean , is there anything looking at what you experienced , is there anything , any type of stories that you like to read now or that you like to hear about now ?
Attaining a Subtle Grasp of Mental Life .
Chapters 8 through 10 focus on the apparel industry ; Chapters 11 and 12 look at textiles .
Thanks to the support United Way of Central Indiana receives from people like you , there are hundreds of stories like Cecilia 's .
Controllers would notify their supervisors , who in turn would inform management all the way up to FAA headquarters in Washington .
Your gift in this area has a direct impact on a student 's continuing education .
It is important , too , to note that writing systems are for instance , Polish is written -LRB- today -RRB- using the Roman alphabet , but Russian , a related Slavic language , uses the Cyrillic ; Yiddish , a Germanic language , is written in Hebrew characters ; Latin , Greek , and Sanskrit , which resemble one another rather closely in some respects , all use different alphabets ; and early examples , utterly unrecognizable to untrained readers of modern languages , were written in cuneiform , quite suitable for writing on soft clay tablets with a pointed stylus , and hieroglyphics .
Yet most understand its great potential , even if they openly admit they do n't have all the answers .
Your contribution is more than a simple tax-deductible donation .
Actually my first semester at Charlotte , I was a Pre-Business major to go into Marketing and Advertising , because I did that in high school , too .
Atone comes from the Middle English at ` at ' + on ` one .
A lot of his books are n't really fiction but scientific essays that he prepared for publication .
That is to say , beside Indo-European and Indo-Hittite , there must have existed an Indo-Slurvian .
Just because , you know , she knows how I am , I guess .
Now , as children tend their gardens , they have a new appreciation of their relationship to the land , their cultural heritage , and their community .
The checkpoint featured closed-circuit television that recorded all passengers , including the hijackers , as they were screened .
Figure 7.2 depicts the weekly demand for a different SKU ` the same single-breasted coat ` but this time in a less popular size -LRB- 43-regular -RRB- .
The long , disjointed document condemned the Saudi monarchy for allowing the presence of an army of infidels in a land with the sites most sacred to Islam , and celebrated recent suicide bombings of American military facilities in the Kingdom .
One letter writer to The Times -LSB- 21 June 1988 -RSB-
Therefore , this year 's annual operating campaign for the Herron School of Art and Gallery is focusing on the need for funds to help maintain the facility and our programs .
As it has been an exciting year for all of us , MCCOY , Inc. can not do its part without the support of organizations like yours .
A short time later , Nawaf and Salem al Hazmi entered the same checkpoint .
Dentistry has been a part of my life for as long as I can remember .
By 9:08 , the mission crew commander at NEADS learned of the second explosion at the World Trade Center and decided against holding the fighters in military airspace away from
Although each has made valuable contributions to our understanding , a new , more powerful view of the meaning of young children 's play has arrived on the scene , thanks to Vygotsky 's sociocultural theory .
' Keep Indianapolis Beautiful helps us do this by providing us opportunities to work with outstanding people in our community .
Allah is the greatest !
For example , because of wage differentials between the countries , U.S. apparel-makers would need to be 2.5 times more productive than firms in Hong Kong to be competitive .
You now have the opportunity to help your school honor Dr. Phillips by contributing to an endowed professorship in his honor which will help assure continuation of his work .
Under the command of state governors , they provided support to civilian agencies to assess the nature of the attack , offer medical and technical advice , and coordinate state and local responses .
And welfare reform is an uncertain solution with an unknown starting date .
But even without them , he would certainly have understood that the attacks on the World Trade Center would already have unfolded , given Flight 93 's tardy departure from Newark .
What happened ?
What other kind of things do you do for your dad ?
Can you imagine trying to raise ten children in a two-bedroom apartment ?
We 're at war ... somebody 's going to pay .
Recently , the world watched as the newest space shuttle made its maiden voyage .
Well , my brother had a , cow , tied out , and a goat , the cow 's offspring .
Bolten watched the exchanges and , after what he called a quiet moment , suggested that the Vice President get in touch with the President and confirm the engage order .
I 'm going to try to confirm an ID for you , but I would assume he 's somewhere over , uh , either New Jersey or somewhere further south .
Forecasting Demand for New Products
Leaving the British official who twice searched his luggage none the wiser , he managed by meticulous observation to memorize the principal features of the power loom well enough to produce his own version of it on his return to Boston .
Cabin service would have begun .
An arresting one occurs in A Passage to India -LRB- Chapter XXI -RRB- in which Forster describes a small building as a flimsy and frivolous erection , while in The Mayor of Casterbridge -LRB- Chapter XVI -RRB- the Mayor himself beheld the unattractive exterior of Farfrae 's erection .
Obviously , if all members of the two Boards were to pledge $ 1,000 per year , we would be most grateful and we would have a great story to tell .
And , anyway , uh , anyway , went on from there , started doing a lot of stuff in college working with um one person specifically .
Together , I think we can make a contribution to that upgrading of the lounge which will be very meaningful for the students .
There have been so many changes to the IUPUI campus and your department that you and your fellow graduates might not recognize them .
The phrase is a reminder of its medieval provenance , its academic focus , and its corporate style .
So after two or three days he called Callgrove and said , Do n't bother coming in I found a guy better than you .
According to one report , Saddam Hussein 's efforts at this time to rebuild relations with the Saudis and other Middle Eastern regimes led him to stay clear of Bin Ladin .
The Science Department is in the process of renovating the labs and other facilities in order to provide our students with science instruction that is second to none .
Your gift in this area has a direct impact on a student 's continuing education .
Well , I did and sometime later removed it to my cottage in Canada and used decopor -LRB- a thick , clear glazed resin -RRB- on the top .
Over the last ten years , VNS has delivered over $ 1 million worth of free services to the citizens of Central Indiana .
... -LSB- I -RSB- n my mind they were competing venues for command and control and decisionmaking .
No move was made to evacuate the Vice President at this time .
Grandpop was a very quiet , somber man he would n't say much but uh , Gra ndmom was a little more boisterous .
Each year , we help thousands of people who face tremendous obstacles .
But like , so I was always raised like a tomboy and everything like that and my dad treated me like a guy all the time .
Tillie Olsen identifies silent periods when women are diverted from their work by needs of their families ; Spender talks of silence upon silence that has kept women 's experience from being encoded ; Adrienne Rich , in On Lies , Secrets and Silences , sees women 's struggle for self-determination muffled or silenced over and over ; most recently , Sandra Gilbert and Susan Gubar chart women authors ' apparent alienation from language , their frequent use of pseudonyms an attempt at renaming or , really , naming themselves .
It praised the 1983 suicide bombing in Beirut that killed 241 U.S.
In the case of the suit manufacturer with plants in different locations , each individual suit is made from shell fabric cut from the same roll and generally the same ply of cloth on the lay table .
Al Qaeda also used the Afghan state-owned Ariana Airlines to courier money into the country .
Simply increasing inventory for all SKUs would be a poor allocation of investment , further increasing the order-fill rate for those SKUs for which service levels are already high .
As Sudanese authorities became less obliging , normal costs of doing business increased .
Thus the military did not have 14 minutes to respond to American 77 , as testimony to the Commission in May 2003 suggested .
The ambiguity resulting from the conjunction of black and gold is akin to the distraction caused by optical Lehrer 's phrase is both literally correct and literally nonsense .
Plus , I really was n't making the kind of connections that I wanted to make .
They 're going to lessons for this and that , and sports , and they 're playing interactive games with their computer and , uh , watching TV , and I think , really , they 're not reading on their own , like maybe we did when I was that age because we did n't have all those other things to do .
You have a good attitude about it , though !
It praised the 1983 suicide bombing in Beirut that killed 241 U.S.
Would you say that um , your mom or you dad or whoever is telling the story , tells that part of the story , the , the last part when you came to the door and she saw the glow of light , would you say that they tell that part of the story more than any other part or do they tell the whole thing from beginning to end ?
Tell me about your bike .
Its overall influence is profound but undiscussed , although aspects of that influence are discussed constantly , under headings like language , education , standards , literacy , literature , science , and medicine .
She got gangrene in her foot and he said if you do n't quit smoking you 're going to lose your foot .
These experiments in political Islam faltered during the 1990 the Iranian revolution lost momentum , prestige , and public support , and Pakistan 's rulers found that most of its population had little enthusiasm for fundamentalist Islam .
Bin Ladin shares Qutb 's stark view , permitting him and his followers to rationalize even unprovoked mass murder as righteous defense of an embattled faith .
The other plant -LRB- the quick-line plant -RRB- has production costs that are 10 percent higher than for the regular line , but the manufacturing lead time from the time a production order is placed until a shirt is available in finished goods inventory is two weeks , compared to eleven weeks for the plant with the regular line .
And storytelling applies ?
once in a blue moon , listed under moon in L -RRB- may be listed elsewhere -LRB- under blue moon in W -RRB- .
The last two items merit comment .
And leave a singed bottom all involved With stench and ...
And they had to take him to a hospital right .
What kind of stories ?
This edition when published was said to give more word definitions than any other British desk dictionary ; including its main competitor , The Concise Oxford . But in 1986 it was moved into second place by the second edition of Collins Dictionary of the English Language . -LRB- Webster 's New World Dictionary of the American Language seems about the same size as the Oxford ; the Gage Canadian Dictionary is slightly smaller . -RRB-
And , as one would expect , the higher the variation in week-to-week demand , the more inventory a manufacturer must hold to meet a retailer 's high service expectations .
Second , a clue may name a class of objects which includes the answer , like bird for COCK .
The entry for get one 's goat , for example ,
If this were indeed to have been a handbook , users would have found a longer list more useful .
He spoke of the suffering of the Iraqi people as a result of sanctions imposed after the Gulf War , and he protested U.S. support of Israel .
Computer-assisted marker-making can offer large savings with basic garments , like men 's pants or women 's intimate apparel , which may be manufactured repeatedly over several years .
He said , But , to take the livestock , I ca n't , I ca n't do it alone , at least , four , he said , because , it 's difficult with the animals .
FAA headquarters is ultimately responsible for the management of the National Airspace System .
Unfortunately , children are riveted by a character 's aggression and miss the caring message .
It is quite firm about the r - sound when it follows a vowel-sound or is at the ends of words , not dropping it as is usual with the RP but insisting that it be given full value , in various ways , as it is in Scots and Irish and , generally but not always , in the speech of most Americans except for those in New England and the South .
Well , probably the favorite book I had , this is a little different I had The Giant Golden Book of Astronomy , which I got when I was in the second grade and I read it cover to cover till I wore it out .
As it began , some of the hijackers-most likely Wail al Shehri and Waleed al Shehri , who were seated in row 2 in first class-stabbed the two unarmed flight attendants who would have been preparing for cabin service .
It came over the chat .
Please find it in your heart to renew your pledge or , if possible , increase it .
A full-blown textile industry therefore blossomed in New England , fostered by the region 's access to abundant water power , capital , mechanical skills , and a hardworking labor force .
Saudi Arabia and the United States supplied billions of dollars worth of secret assistance to rebel groups in Afghanistan fighting the Soviet occupation .
So would a society .
Correspondingly , employment in automotive and apparel trimmings increased 71.4 percent from 1979 to 1997 while in women 's and misses blouses and skirts it declined by 60.6 percent in the same period .
On 9/11 , all the hijacked aircraft were in NORAD 's Northeast Air Defense Sector -LRB- also known as NEADS -RRB- , which is based in Rome , New York .
What Clustering Looks Like in the Real World
We wo n't let her see the tape .
The IU School of Dentistry is committed to remaining the recognized leader in scholarly research , teaching and service .
I want to thank you for your past support of the Visiting Nurse Service Foundation , Inc. .
Confronted with a violent Islamist movement that killed President Anwar Sadat in 1981 , the Egyptian government combined harsh repression of Islamic militants with harassment of moderate Islamic scholars and authors , driving many into exile .
FAA Mission and Structure .
The forty operations indicated in the figure may require only twelve minutes if the operators are working at 100 percent efficiency , but any given shirt still takes twenty working days to pass through the plant .
00 in labor and transportation costs -LRB- including direct labor at the plant level ; transportation costs for fabric and other supplies shipped to the sewing plant ; the cost of transporting finished goods to the manufacturer 's distribution center , any customs fees or insurance associated with transportation , and any other costs associated with producing an acceptable unit of finished goods -RRB- .
Turabi in return would let Bin Ladin use Sudan as a base for worldwide business operations and for preparations for jihad .
But the power of words is such that I contend their impact is totally lost if not treated somehow , there is a difference between Someone had written shit on the wall and Some asshole had written shit on the wall : the writer of the former has more credibility ; the writer of the latter was , very likely , the very asshole who had written shit on the wall .
If the fabric was to have a pattern , there might also be a close-up colored sketch of it .
That was the deal for them to get off my back and let me do what I wanted to do .
/ / All the time .
However , in light of the growth of rapid replenishment , our research predicts that the performance of these two units will vary over time , with the supplier that has implemented flexible planning and short-cycle production processes coming out ahead .
I am feeling quick on the trigger , quick on the draw , hot as a pistol , and loaded for bear , so I am going to get the drop on you and let you have it with both barrels .
Planes , as in plural .
With all the activity , these facilities will be used more than ever !
Yes , Night will devour Day , but Macbeth 's significant meaning here under cover of darkness ` in reckless defiance of weird authority ` he will have his black agents eliminate the bonded progenitor of Scottish kings , along with his only progeny .
Many skills and life patterns , which are key components for self-sufficiency , are formed during this period .
Who would have been telling you those stories ?
As early as January 1994 , Bin Ladin received the surveillance reports , complete with diagrams prepared by the team 's computer specialist .
-LRB- The Shia are dominant in Iran . -RRB-
Um , and we 're talking about childhood and middle school , what about high school ?
They seem to have him on a primary radar .
Let us now pass on to the names of some clothing items that Texans borrowed and then passed on to the rest of the sombrero , mantilla , poncho , rebozo , serape , and huarache . A number of animals and vegetables followed the same avocado from aguacate ; mesquite ; sapodilla from zapote ; guayule ; coyote ; armadillo ; ocelot from ocelote ; chaparral ; and javalina from jabalina . Since cattle ranching is common to both sides of the border , it should come as no surprise that there has been an exchange of ranch-related lariat from la reata ; bronco ; lasso from lazo ; rodeo ; chaps from chaparreras ; charro ; hackamore from j ?  quima ; mustang from mestengo ; and quirt from cuerda or cuarta .
He was accompanied by family members and bodyguards , as well as by al Qaeda members who had been close associates since his organization 's 1988 founding in Afghanistan .
Granddad had seen something one night .
We can and should be proud that the IU School of Dentistry is positioned to remain an international leader in these challenging times facing health care .
The Other A view of the smoking room and library of the House of Commons in March 1987 was commissioned for the House by 156 of the members of Parliament who were not included in the Official Painting .
Its blades are its spears .
I also encourage you to seek additional support through your company , church , or service organization .
It just kind a fills it out a little bit makes it a little easier on the ear especially if they ca n't sing but .
Lush , green fields that stretched for miles , wisps of white clouds scattered across a clear , blue sky , tranquil silence broken only by cheerful bird songs , the fresh , sweet scent of morning air .
But NEADS did not know where to send the alert fighter aircraft , and the officer directing the fighters pressed for more I do n't know where I 'm scrambling these guys to .
The duty officer replied that security personnel at headquarters had just begun discussing the apparent hijack on a conference call with the New England regional office .
But the long lead times they require will increasingly challenge such arrangements .
So when I graduate , more than likely I 'll move to Boston , but Charlotte has definitely been a nice place to live .
Boston Center TMU -LSB- Traffic Management Unit -RSB- , we have a problem here .
Recently in Chambers I came across the adjective perjink , a Scots word given also in Collins , but not in any of the other desk dictionaries I it means finical .
That would be an interesting day .
An Army special force launched a raid on Mogadishu to capture him .
The Vice President was logged calling the President at 10:18 for a twominute conversation that obtained the confirmation .
Then he shoots his bolt and wad by taking a long shot at some one-shot deal that will win him the whole shooting match .
The attempted assassination in Ethiopia of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in June 1995 appears to have been a tipping point .
These were part of a larger network used by diverse organizations for recruiting and training fighters for Islamic insurgencies in such places as Tajikistan , Kashmir , and Chechnya .
General Wherley translated this in military terms to flying weapons free-that is , the decision to shoot rests in the cockpit , or in this case in the cockpit of the lead pilot .
Your involvement will be greatly appreciated .
Such a short-cycle production system adds to the cost of customized apparel .
So , fill out the enclosed form and we 'll be delighted to hear from you .
Bells on cocktails ring .
At first , children find it difficult to distinguish words and other mental symbols from the objects and actions to which they refer .
The heading of the Langley fighters was adjusted to send them to the Baltimore area .
The FAA manager of the teleconference also remembered that the military participated only briefly before the Pentagon was hit .
Not really , that 's all .
In The Bride of Lammermoor -LRB- Chapter V -RRB- , we are informed that the heroine placed certain restrictions on their intercourse , a limitation that might have been more usefully set in that same author 's Rob Roy -LRB- Chapter VII -RRB- where we are told of the chance that the narrator and Miss Vernon might be thrown into very close and frequent intercourse .
Many more camper referrals are coming from new organizations such as school social-workers and family counseling agencies .
These were part of a larger network used by diverse organizations for recruiting and training fighters for Islamic insurgencies in such places as Tajikistan , Kashmir , and Chechnya .
Ah , Uncle Wiggly was a favorite .
The law school is limited in these recessionary times because it 's impractical to raise tuition significantly to gain the difference from lost state appropriations .
No it was gas because you washed your legs all over because you did it in shorts .
Business units adopting both bar codes and EDI are therefore able to reduce the transaction costs for processing information about sales and orders .
It was , and the little I remember , Momma telling me on the way , you know , just little things I do n't know really , let me think now .
I was a mistake .
In fact , not only was the scramble prompted by the mistaken information about American 11 , but NEADS never received notice that American 77 was hijacked .
It is only from an article about CED that we learn it has 171,000 entries , which suggests that Collins means by references what Merriam-Webster means by entries . But CED and Cobuild certainly do not say so !
Feckless ' spiritless , helpless , futile ` is given in all my desk dictionaries , but only Chambers has feck -LRB- nice to see a lost positive found -RRB- , which comes from effect through vowel-loss and is defined as efficacy or quality .
And he said , Do n't play , the soldier said , do n't play , he said , innocent , he said , in that house , I , our house is huge , and I stayed locked up , because just me and my son lived , my baby son , tiny , and me , and well , that 's all .
No , had n't seen some of them .
My sisters seemed to get a good kick out of it .
As early as January 1994 , Bin Ladin received the surveillance reports , complete with diagrams prepared by the team 's computer specialist .
I wish if I could do it all over again I would stay home and study instead of going out with my friends , which has really hurt me a lot .
Most of the book is an A-Z listing of words that are , for the most part , sexist , but , as the author sets forth in the User 's Guide , Some words are included here because they are Is a belly dancer always a woman ?
It is specifically a dictionary of Scots , or Lallans , which some scholars consider merely a dialect of English and others a distinct language rooted in Old English .
At 9:03 , United 175 crashed into the South Tower .
Do you like riding your bike a lot ?
Many more camper referrals are coming from new organizations such as school social-workers and family counseling agencies .
When we consider how much the set is on during school holidays and summer vacations , children spend more time watching TV than they do in any other waking activity , including going to school and interacting with family members or peers .
As technology advances , life imitates art .
We first turn to the problem of forecasting sales in retail stores .
What the Sewing Operator Does
Not too many stories about Grandmom and Grandpop though they were pretty quiet .
At NEADS , the report of the hijacking was relayed immediately to Battle Commander Colonel Robert Marr .
And welfare reform is an uncertain solution with an unknown starting date .
The aircraft 's identity or type was unknown .
I think , I think your favorite was do you remember Maurice Sendak and we would read the about Pierre and the lion .
Otherwise , the two parties make independent decisions that myopically optimize their own profits , without complete consideration of the impact these decisions may have on other players in the channel .
An amusing example of this kind of semantic confusion will be found in Chapter XX of Aldous Huxley 's Crome Yellow . From boyhood the romantic , poetically inclined hero , Denis Stone , found the word carminative particularly evocative .
A snowboard -- .
When cutting is completed , the pieces are removed in stacks and arranged in bundles for sewing .
Indeed , Hannah 's tale suggests that young children denied these supports can still profit from them later , if such supports are available and they have the fortitude to capitalize on them .
Because they were living in a , in an apartment basically .
You would open the back door and you felt like you were big stuff .
The other aircraft referred to by New York Center was United 175 .
I trust that this is a fillip of propaganda and not a serious query .
Uh , it was pretty much a kitchen a front room and two-bedroom house one bathroom .
She 's paying him for the apartment .
As is true at other campuses , almost all of our operating funds are restricted .
The impact of these projects will be accelerated by an economic development initiative launched this year which will enable new and existing businesses to flourish in this neighborhood .
The other plant -LRB- the quick-line plant -RRB- has production costs that are 10 percent higher than for the regular line , but the manufacturing lead time from the time a production order is placed until a shirt is available in finished goods inventory is two weeks , compared to eleven weeks for the plant with the regular line .
At NEADS , the report of the hijacking was relayed immediately to Battle Commander Colonel Robert Marr .
The word Buddha itself came to be represented by a character which at one time had a pronunciation something like b ` iwat and now , after a long process of phonological change , is pronounced f ?? .
Caring about others .
As is true at other campuses , almost all of our operating funds are restricted .
We would all slide the windows down on the bus open the door , stick your head out the door , you could n't hear anything coming that way , you could n't hear anything coming the other way , and he 'd just drop it in low and gun it , we would make it another morning .
1 . Determine if the company you or your spouse works for has a matching gift program -LRB- through the personnel office -RRB- .
Consider the following conversation between Mel and his 4-year-old son , Ben , as the pair took a summer-evening walk on a California beach near their home .
In all of these instances , the job of the controller was to reach out to the aircraft , the parent company of the aircraft , and other planes in the vicinity in an attempt to reestablish communications and set the aircraft back on course .
The Campaign is directed at law firms and businesses having 10 or more alumni .
Marr sought authorization to scramble the Otis fighters .
The manufacture of men 's shirts provides another illustration .
So I think maybe , reading for young people , is not as important .
Older preschoolers realize that people 's beliefs , not just their desires , aect their behavior .
Your contribution will help with funding so Jameson Camp can continue providing the year-round camping experience that gives kids a chance to create dreams .
He soon made clear his desire for unchallenged control and for preparing the mujahideen to fight anywhere in the world .
Let 's head off an auxiliary crisis before it happens !
Well , this story , and I must tell you , I have n't read this in The Bible , so I do n't know if it 's totally accurate , but I prefer to get it like There was a huge crowd of people , and , um , Jesus decided that what he wanted to do was to , uh , entertain the little children .
The first of the Andrews fighters was airborne at 10:38 .
Each center thus had part of the knowledge of what was going on across the system .
Securely attached infants actively seek contact with and are easily consoled by their familiar , responsive caregiver .
But via a network that allows contractors access , manufacturers ' headquarters can make sure that the information available is the most recent and complete .
Machines are laid out in a manner that speeds up shuttling a bin of garment bundles from operator to operator .
Fortunately , not all reports are as disturbing as Hochschild 's .
Indiana residents -LRB- 4,400 of our 5,980 alumni -RRB- may also take advantage of the Indiana Tax Credit -LRB- Form CC-40 -RRB- .
Thus , Step down -LRB- or back -RRB- and give me a shot was readily understood .
Were you to visit a school on an Israeli kibbutz -LRB- cooperative agricultural settlement -RRB- , you would find an explicit emphasis on cooperation and avoidance of pupil comparisons , and a far more positive attitude toward children who seek help than is common in American schools .
He said , Daddy I have to go poo-poo .
Whether the apparel item is casual or formal , the stitching in the garment must accomplish one or more of the following objectives .
The FAA manager of the teleconference also remembered that the military participated only briefly before the Pentagon was hit .
Simply fill out the enclosed card , and we will see you at the Grill !
Finally , as children participate in narratives and listen to those of others , they acquire culturally accepted ways for negotiating clashing viewpoints .
Periodic Versus Continuous Review
To be sure , it is the most common meaning , which is why it is listed first .
The screener should have resolved what set off the alarm ; and in the case of both Moqed and Hazmi , it was clear that he did not .
Incoming strays increased by 19 percent over the last three years and is expected to continue to climb .
Did you identify with any of these characters ?
I write to ask you to become a supporter of the Moving Company .
We believe this is the same call in which the Vice President urged the President not to return to Washington .
The Department of Defense , like the Department of State , had a coordinator who represented the department on the interagency committee concerned with counterterrorism .
Obviously , I could not say much .
The computer cutter does not tire during the day nor forget to cut the notches , and the operator of computer-cutting equipment does not need the skills of a manual operator .
Lush , green fields that stretched for miles , wisps of white clouds scattered across a clear , blue sky , tranquil silence broken only by cheerful bird songs , the fresh , sweet scent of morning air .
Um , so I began looking around for other studios that I thought might , uh , have a higher level of professionalism .
So you see the purpose of this fund is about need and helping worthy , but less fortunate students , who without your help would not be able to attend the school of their choice .
Seventy-two churches in Britain were named for Cuthbert .
Eventually ramrod became personified , taking on the added meaning of ` one marked by rigidity , stiffness , and severity , ' even though the original ramrods , which were straight , were rather flexible .
I went on through , unlocked the window and left .
But under rapid replenishment arrangements , the inventory risk is now assumed by the apparel manufacturer ; consequently assembly time is now very important .
During my time in senior high , and , after that , in the Army Air Force , I had other things on my mind -LRB- there was a war on , after all -RRB- , and I did n't give the MUSKRAT-MUSKAT-MUSCAT RAMBLE problem any thought .
-LRB- Tries to insert a piece in the wrong place -RRB-
-RRB- for the ironic title of his dystopic novel .
The father wove an animated tale about a boy named Chaim , who had great diculty remaining quiet during the holiday service .
The word Buddha itself came to be represented by a character which at one time had a pronunciation something like b ` iwat and now , after a long process of phonological change , is pronounced f ?? .
The first pertains to operational performance , or the ability of a supplier to respond to lean retailing replenishment requirements .
Plus , I really was n't making the kind of connections that I wanted to make .
Please find it in your heart to renew your pledge or , if possible , increase it .
A Treasury of the World 's Great Letters , Simon and Schuster , N.Y. , 1940 -RRB- in which he relates how he sends his native boy up a palm tree , where he cuts off a couple of vast nuts .
As United 93 left Newark , the flight 's crew members were unaware of the hijacking of American 11 .
Pakistani intelligence officers reportedly introduced Bin Ladin to Taliban leaders in Kandahar , their main base of power , to aid his reassertion of control over camps near
By 9:20 , Indianapolis Center learned that there were other hijacked aircraft , and began to doubt its initial assumption that American 77 had crashed .
As surveys have shown that etymological information is the least often sought after , making the average user wade through the etymology before getting to the definition has always seemed pointless and irritating to me ; besides , it is unlikely that the serious , consistent seeker of etymological information is likely to use anything but the OED or a major etymological dictionary .
Perhaps the terrorists stabbed the flight attendants to get a cockpit key , to force one of them to open the cockpit door , or to lure the captain or first officer out of the cockpit .
In sum , the protocols in place on 9/11 for the FAA and NORAD to respond to a hijacking presumed that
OK , and your age ?
It had been publicly declared years earlier , most notably in a declaration faxed early in 1998 to an Arabic-language newspaper in London .
But , then like me and my mom will talk all the time and she 'll come over here and she 'll like have a beer and a cigarette with me and it does n't matter anymore !
Even when make-believe does fulfill a child 's wishes , such pleasure is not unique to play .
Well , it 's yellow and orange and red .
Texas has contributed a few good words to the English language without any help from Spanish or Mexican .
Goodwill helps people get off of public assistance .
Ah , we heard a suspicious transmission on our departure out of Boston , ah , with someone , ah , it sounded like someone keyed the mikes and said ah everyone ah stay in your seats .
So this story was read to you by your cousins ?
It is specifically a dictionary of Scots , or Lallans , which some scholars consider merely a dialect of English and others a distinct language rooted in Old English .
You mean like imaginary , or fictional stories ?
The information-integrated channels developed in the United States , which are now influencing sourcing patterns from Mexico and the Caribbean Basin , have begun to affect the textile and apparel sectors worldwide .
The account description written in 1971 for the Ralph E. McDonald/Pedodontic Fund states Expenditures of the fund shall be approved by the fund committee of six .
The law school 's 5,900 alumni are a distinguished group .
The Hazmi brothers , sitting in 5E and 5F , joined Hanjour in the first-class cabin .
But it was n't like Daddy 's Little Wannabe Tomboy , thing anymore , you know .
As a result , 60 percent of our budget comes from United Way of Central Indiana , 10 percent from schools , and the remaining 30 percent from the generosity of business , our own fundraising activities and individual gifts .
Notwithstanding the unfortunate fact that the gathering and assessment of citational evidence is not what it should -LRB- or might -RRB- be , I should still put my money on professional lexicographers and their resources rather than on M and S.
All were convinced that anything so compelling and engrossing in the life of the young child must be profoundly significant .
Through the year , we also offer a number of different programs -- including scouting , basketball and after-school activities -- to help children develop talents , character and self-esteem .
Thanks to the support United Way of Central Indiana receives from people like you , there are hundreds of stories like Cecilia 's .
He was simply making extortionate exactions upon his wretched lessees .
I was a mistake .
Similarly , feminists discourage titles that identify women 's -LRB- but not men 's -RRB- marital status -LRB- though many users mistakenly assume Ms . a synonym for Miss -RRB- .
Thus we now have the big A as well as the A-word and the M-question as well as the M-word . Perhaps we shall see such forms as the little A , the new A , or the A-option . If these variants prove productive , the lexicon of one-letter words could spread like wild flowers , as Sam Goldwyn once said .
From Home Work to Modern Manufacture
So after two or three days he called Callgrove and said , Do n't bother coming in I found a guy better than you .
As a result , rather than reacting impulsively to the sight of a lollipop , Sophie relied on ideas to regulate the lollipop 's very existence'and the teddy bear 's , the leprechaun 's , and her own actions toward it !
This was done because of the organization of work in clothing shops ; the low capital costs and high proportion of labor costs , especially in women 's wear for contract shops ; the intense product competition among manufacturers within and among geographic markets ; and the diversity of products and changing styles .
Having served thousands , the . dba is recognized as one of the nation 's largest and leading authorities on the self-employment of people with disabilities .
Providing a stitch ` or a package of pasta , a home computer , an automobile'in time requires a growing degree of integration among business enterprises within and across industries .
By combining our assets , we can make a difference .
What color was it painted ?
In this case , public outrage led to early workers ' compensation and factory inspection legislation .
The words divine afflatus thus create an unforgettable image jejune like a gumdrop
Beginning in the 1970s , retailers expanded their offshore sourcing efforts , especially after quality standards improved , establishing sourcing offices and relationships in low-wage countries , particularly in Asia .
Please remain quiet .
A roughly approximate atonal pronunciation is thus moo-gwoo . A family resemblance , to be sure , but far from me gook .
Excitement abounds as some 300 students and proud parents and grandparents fill the IUPUI Conference Center for the event .
Vivacious , stimulating parental behavior , including frequent questioning , instructing , and pointing out objects , is beneficial for reserved , inactive infants ; it helps them become interested in and engaged with novel toys .
We hope the events of the near future will not .
He wants a lollipop , too !
As Sudanese authorities became less obliging , normal costs of doing business increased .
No state dollars are available for this project .
They touch an object , hold it up , or point to it while looking at another person to make sure he or she notices .
Well , and I forgot to tell you when the soldiers came , to my house , the guerrillas were there , the guerrillas went back .
I hope you join our family of patients , loved ones and professionals .
Also testifying about al Qaeda in a U.S. court was L'Houssaine Kherchtou , who told of breaking with Bin Ladin because of Bin Ladin 's professed inability to provide him with money when his wife needed a caesarian section .
In August 1996 , Bin Ladin had issued his own self-styled fatwa calling on Muslims to drive American soldiers out of Saudi Arabia .
Counting definitions is a start .
... Einstein 's Special Theory of Relativity does not say that E = MC2 and in leap year MC2 .
Both pilots had been killed -LRB- reported by one flight attendant -RRB- .
Outstanding Herron students are honored on this special evening of recognition with gifts from local companies and individuals .
As Anselmo 's parents refrain from helping , they fuel his anger and demandingness , and ultimately his sense of helplessness .
That may sound like a lot .
We are pleased to tell you of a very exciting development with the fund , which has reached a market value of $ 750,000 .
I write to ask you to become a supporter of the Moving Company .
Parents reported significant benefits from Girl Scouting for their daughters and themselves .
Parents , as I noted earlier , often complain that they have too little time for children ` indeed , too little time to sleep , read , cook , exercise , and socialize as well !
Using traditional sewing operations , it typically takes eight weeks to produce a coat , from the time an order is issued for cutting to the moment the finished goods are hanging in a manufacturer 's distribution center .
Uh , so yeah , I took up a lot of her life and she read a lot of children 's stories to me as a result of that , but I do n't believe she read a lot for her own amusement .
What did you enjoy about reading the Lewis and Clark journals ?
Callers reported that a passenger had been stabbed and that two people were lying on the floor of the cabin , injured or dead-possibly the captain and first officer .
Out of this interconnection springs mastery , proficiency , and self-confidence .
This statement was also incorrect .
I wish I could take back my whole freshman year .
Sir , they 're going to want to know what to do .
The average tuition for a one-day C.E. course is about $ 125 .
An astute mother I observed in the grocery store had her 3-year-old son , Ricky , reach for items on the shelf and put them in the cart .
A number of developments , many linked to issues we have discussed , indicate both the potential and limitations of electronic retailing .
Somebody who obviously that English was not their first language , but they wrote a book ?
But the longer term viability of American textile centers will depend on the development of infrastructures capable of supporting advanced textile production in countries close to the U.S. market , such as Mexico and elsewhere in Latin America .
Logs indicate that it began at 9:25 and included the CIA ; the FBI ; the departments of State , Justice , and Defense ; the FAA ; and the White House shelter .
To change the size of the item to be cut , the die must be removed and a new one installed .
Did you ever see the ghost ?
At the very least , you 'll give one child the chance to see God 's face , and feel His love .
At about 9:00 , the senior NMCC operations officer reached out to the FAA operations center for information .
They have what ?
Home in Black Mountain a chile ' will smack yo ' face ;
It ca n't hurt you .
Do you remember any specific ones that you could retell ?
But because the iron balls and the brass holders had markedly different coefficients of expansion , the pyramids of cannonballs had a tendency to collapse during cold snaps ` weather that was cold enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey .
Hani Hanjour , assigned to seat 1B -LRB- first class -RRB- , soon followed .
However , these tax credits are only available for a limited time , so we ask that you act soon if you would like to use them .
And then there was never like any female blood Averetts until like my oldest cousin had kids .
Both set off the alarm , and they were directed to a second metal detector .
The Indianapolis YWCA is an open , supportive organization concerned with women and families ; providing opportunities to develop skills , knowledge and resources in the areas of health , self-awareness and leadership .
What Clustering Looks Like in the Real World
Many manufacturers do not explicitly track and use information like weekly demand variation for different SKUs .
Goin ' cut him if he stan ' still , goin ' shoot him if he run .
We have provided throughout the years quality legal education , and we are continuing to improve .
Over the years , a number of well-respected individuals have spoken out on behalf of our mission ... our service ... and our stewardship .
The international environment for Bin Ladin 's efforts was ideal .
I do not know how he would rate it , but I must confess that for general use I am inclined to put it just a little ahead of Chambers . But I have n't found it quite as much fun to browse in .
Girl Scouts experience a wide range of real life skills -- first aid , resume writing , and managing money .
He searched along the plane 's projected flight path and the airspace to the southwest where it had started to turn .
But there is something you can do to help .
The Retail Fallout
Again , let me assure you that we would appreciate receiving one million dollars from you and each of our 161 alumni .
... -LSB- I -RSB- f they 're there then we 'll run on them .
He inveighed against the presence of U.S. troops in Saudi Arabia , the home of Islam 's holiest sites .
Your brother came to help us there .
These are dead people that are --
I 'll ask you first Mom , and then Dad .
So she said , Ines went out , and opened the door and said , Bastards !
Unlike PBS , however , SLS uses the single garment rather than the bundle as the unit of production .
Incidentally , it is now the reference dictionary for the National Scrabble Championship in Britain .
The aircraft was a Boeing 757 piloted by Captain Charles F. Burlingame and First Officer David Charlebois .
Customers rarely inform the sales clerk in a typical retail store if a desired product is out of stock ; they either buy a different product or leave the store without making a purchase .
I think , I think your favorite was do you remember Maurice Sendak and we would read the about Pierre and the lion .
Are your parents putting a lot of pressure on you ?
once in a blue moon , listed under moon in L -RRB- may be listed elsewhere -LRB- under blue moon in W -RRB- .
Such stitching generally outlasts the fabric of jeans , as one can see from looking at the holey knees of jeans worn by many teenagers .
When was that ?
Note that these significant technological , market , and environmental changes largely originated outside the apparel industry itself .
People like 74-year-old Margaret , who keeps active by playing bridge and taking classes in Spanish , aerobics and sewing at Heritage Place .
Exercises were conducted to counter this threat , but they were not based on actual intelligence .
In a recent provocative study , sociologist Arlie Hochschild spent months getting to know employees at a large Midwestern corporation she called Americo .
In the new competitive arena ` where demand uncertainty and time to market have become important factors along with price ` textile firms are being forced to adapt to information-integrated channels , rather than just drawing on the economies of scale that led to their success in the past .
The old standby , Nuit de Paris , is all right -LRB- provided you hit the right nuit -RRB- .
Well , this story , and I must tell you , I have n't read this in The Bible , so I do n't know if it 's totally accurate , but I prefer to get it like There was a huge crowd of people , and , um , Jesus decided that what he wanted to do was to , uh , entertain the little children .
But Bin Ladin and his comrades had their own sources of support and training , and they received little or no assistance from the United States .
Oh I 've done that a number of times .
No , it was first told to me by my grandmother , who is , um , was my first teacher , and remains my hero .
Azzam , by contrast , favored continuing to fight in Afghanistan until it had a true Islamist government .
The headword is syllabified in W , not in L . In older dictionaries the words are syllabified mainly to help in pronouncing them ; latterly , syllabication has been used largely to find where a word can be hyphenated at the end of a line of text , though , judging by today 's newspapers and magazines , one would be sore put to believe that a dictionary had ever been within the grasp of their editors , proofreaders , or the programmers who wrote the hyphenation programs for the automatic typesetting many of them now employ .
As more American parents with busy , stressed lives retreat from their children , peers take over .
Because of rapid brain growth and gradual decline in brain plasticity , the first 5 to 8 years of life are regarded as a sensitive phase of development in which appropriate stimulation is necessary for children to reach their full genetic potential .
The business grew and eventually , he was helping thousands nationwide .
In our sample , business units used some type of automatic spreading for about 39 percent of the volume of goods they shipped .
As Figure 6.6 shows , the safety stock needed to achieve a given customer service level is proportional to the standard deviation of the demand forecast .
And companies in transformed retail-apparel-textile channels have established a complex web of computer hardware and software , other technologies , and managerial practices that have blurred the traditional boundaries between retailers and suppliers .
My prize example was uttered by the incomparable Cher , during a morning-show interview .
And he said , What 's going on ?
Congress killed the idea .
In addition , there was a rich collection of words relating to water , not necessarily indicating its presence .
As you know , this is an extraordinary year for council fund raising .
Chinese , Japanese , Vietnamese , Guatemalan-Mayan , eastern Kentucky Appalachian , and many other cultural groups regard newborn infants as psychologically separate beings whose most important task is to develop an interdependent relationship with their community'an emotional and social foundation that is crucial for survival and learning .
An astute mother I observed in the grocery store had her 3-year-old son , Ricky , reach for items on the shelf and put them in the cart .
In order to study performance we must first examine how different manufacturing practices fit together for suppliers .
For example , in the OLW lexicon , when two people ` sometimes but not always a man and a woman ` agree that they Lword one another , they often enter into one of the Cwords , which leads perhaps eventually to the M-word , which in turn authorizes them to F-word with the sanction of church and state .
As it has been an exciting year for all of us , MCCOY , Inc. can not do its part without the support of organizations like yours .
Even the Scots are likely to give them more credit than that .
We always had books lots of books .
They had bookshelves , um , that my daddy built , that were built in bookshelves and he um , they were filled up with books , and one summer , I remember when I was a teenager , I just made it a mission to read as many of those books as I could , and I plowed , they were fiction most of them .
Admittedly , there is no such thing as perfect synonymy , but the meanings of many pairs of words are close enough for this term to be used in the context of a pastime like crosswords .
The assembly of most items of apparel follows the work flow sketched here .
This overall increase is mirrored by growth in the average number of new SKUs introduced per year by apparel business units , which increased from 2,368 in 1988 to 3,688 in 1992 .
A good book for browsing in , giving many Scots words which have come into use in other parts of the English-speaking world and others which could perhaps add a little color -LRB- or colour -RRB- to English vocabulary here and there .
The environment , including the social environment , is available for children to interact with as they make sense of their experiences , but it does not determine the evolution of the child 's mind .
Exactly how a manager divides production between plants with different production costs and cycle times depends on the details of the situation , such as those presented in the cases above .
We are very aware of the important role financial resources will playas we look to the future .
In the 95 paper , I extend Tuleja my sympathies .
Let 's assume that the store 's demand for the size-8 Levi 's jeans last week can be described by the distribution in Figure 6.1 .
You know , like I know one day I 'll have to sit down and decide if I 'm where I want to be in life or if I 'm not .
After a lifetime of trials , Donna not only earned her GED at Goodwill , she earned a job here .
And , how old are you ?
We need to tell 'em if this stuff is gon na keep on going , we need to take those fighters , put 'em over Manhattan .
The School of Law in Indianapolis received nearly 1,300 applications to enroll its 1993 first-year class of 260 students .
Together with those who were already donors , there are over 1,350 staff and faculty supporting the work of IUPUI with their gifts .
The space age began with the launch of Sputnik in October 1957 .
That same while that I was there at my brother 's , we went to look for , the people who owned land , to see if they would give me , pasture land for the animals .
Go in for an extra long lunch .
While that has not been literally proposed -LRB- as far as I know -RRB- , the fact that the men 's names appear first has been used by some feminists to illustrate the manifestation of an attitude that women have had to put up with all these centuries .
As the lead pilot explained , I reverted to the Russian threat .
Shortly thereafter , the passengers and flight crew began a series of calls from GTE airphones and cellular phones .
The increased volatility of producer and consumer prices in a number of sectors since 1995 has been attributed in part to the adoption of new inventory polices related to lean retailing .
We are returning to the airport .
The Herron School of Art and Gallery of Indiana University is contemporary art !
They are thus a ready audience for calls to Muslims to purify their society , reject unwelcome modernization , and adhere strictly to the Sharia .
In colonial days , housewives typically did spinning , weaving , and tailoring for the family .
These are artists who are either emerging as leaders in their fields or who have already become well known .
It seems silly to separate Gruy ?  re the cheese from Gruy ?  re the place in Switzerland whence it comes ' indeed , the latter is not even an entry in the geographical sections of either dictionary .
If the average American uses from three to five thousand different words each day , the chances are everybody in this country will use three or more Texican words .
/ / The gas station part .
Again , Jarrah pitched the nose of the aircraft up and down .
There is really no excuse , Fowler says -LRB- not he says ! -RRB-
Although I 'm a retired person , today I have a beautiful outlook on life because of Indy Reads .
As a result , some of the fashion-oriented products that had been sourced offshore can then return to the United States .
The Geographic Education Network of Indiana , Inc. -LRB- GENI -RRB- manages the statewide project from the IUPUI Geography Department .
We call this our home because this is where we were raised at .
Indeed , it is not clear to us that the video teleconference was fully under way before 9:37 , when the Pentagon was struck .
Nostalgia for Islam 's past glory remains a powerful force .
And the lion ate him .
Misalignment of the edges can ruin many pattern pieces and the final garments for which they were intended .
As you know , SEND is a neighborhood-based organization investing in Greater Fountain Square 's housing , youth , and economic future .
It was , uh , a very established studio and had put out a lot of , um , I guess , well known artists , and it was actually , it was affiliated with Jive Records , um , and Jive Records , I guess , at the time , had , their big act was the Backstreet Boys , and they were recording the Backstreet Boys ' first American released album .
In those days , people as a rule did not take much care of phonograph records .
When are you going to that ?
Within the system , there are others with similar mixed feelings , but by and large the system remains intact .
SPEA has an impressive and dedicated faculty that includes inspiring teachers and distinguished scholars who are contributing to the solutions of some of our most difficult public policy and public management problems , including those concerning health , the environment , and criminal justice ; it is attracting a diverse , capable group of students ; and its graduates are making contributions in a wide range of challenging positions in the public , private , and non-profit sectors .
For W9 's exemplary precision in telling us what vocabulary entries and dictionary entries are is offset by its vagueness about which type of entry its PR-wallahs have counted for their blurb .
Thus , in modern parlance , when a person goes off half cocked -LRB- or at half cock -RRB- , he or she is not in control of the situation .
Your tax-deductible contribution may be sent in the enclosed postage-paid envelope with the attached return card .
Just when you thought it was safe to assume that we now know all we are ever likely to know about the past , someone digs another hole and unearths -LRB- literally or figuratively -RRB- some ancient one day it is a fragile scroll , found in a cave near the Dead Sea , that turns out to be pre-Biblical ; the next day it is an entire terracotta army of Chinese the next it is a skull , excavated from the Olduvai Gorge , that compels anthropologists -LRB- once again -RRB- to revise their guesses about the earliest stages of Homo sapiens sapiens vs hominids .
Perhaps the terrorists stabbed the flight attendants to get a cockpit key , to force one of them to open the cockpit door , or to lure the captain or first officer out of the cockpit .
We all realize how the availability or lack of comfortable seating and conference space made it possible for us to socialize or to get help in a course giving us difficulty .
In most cases , they dealt with words and functional elements , creating what are called reconstructions in hypothetical family prototypes called , variously , Proto-Latin , Proto-Greek , Proto-Germanic , Proto-Indo-Iranian , and so forth , the ultimate goal being to posit a single language called Proto-Indo-European .
Top-down an apex of professors and doctors buttressed by the holders of college degrees -LRB- many of them lower-level administrators , teachers , and researchers within the system -RRB- .
They assumed the fighter escort would be discreet , vectored to a position five miles directly behind the hijacked aircraft , where it could perform its mission to monitor the aircraft 's flight path .
You can help make this valuable program available to many persons who are not currently benefiting from dental care .
That 's best thing , that 's the best play right now .
Um , now why did you decide to stay in Charlotte to go to school ?
Figure 14.5 shows our basic results in regard to average profit margin for different levels of technology adoption .
And then , like now that I 'm in college , like I call her , like all the time and it wo n't occur that I should talk to my dad , too !
You can find out more about our work and environmental developments on Beacon Hill at ELM ' s website , www.EnvironmentalLeague.org .
If you believe that balderdash , you 'll believe anything .
People generally seem to find dialect study interesting .
Sam Hinton 's The Meaning of Scientific Names -LSB- XI ,1 -RSB- , I have had an experience which , in true biological tradition , will probably make me mildly notorious in perpetuity .
There you are .
Radar reconstructions performed after 9/11 reveal that FAA radar equipment tracked the flight from the moment its transponder was turned off at 8:56 .
They claimed they had a bomb .
Well , thank you for being part of this study
Bin Ladin seemed willing to include in the confederation terrorists from almost every corner of the Muslim world .
For example , the success of The Gap 's jeans , J. C. Penney 's Arizona line , and Sears 's Canyon River Blue line has led to erosion of the market share held by the two leading jeans manufacturers , Levi Strauss and VF Corporation .
As for Allah K. Swit , he must have been one of their tribal deities .
Although self-regulation improves gradually throughout childhood and adolescence , early childhood is a crucial period for its development ' a time when children learn to overcome impulses by thinking before they act .
The other aircraft referred to by New York Center was United 175 .
Thus , if a retailer follows the simplest strategy of ordering at the beginning of each week exactly those items that sold during the previous week , manufacturers must be prepared to ship an unknown number of items each week .
Turning a corner of the Mazza Gallerie into a women 's tennis store , I was startled to see ...
I want to meet the coldest wome n'the women who get their diamonds and cars and then start to bawl about how sad and unlucky they 've been .
Historically , the bulk of the human race has never known a classroom , let alone a cloister or an ivory tower , or met up with teachers empowered by letters after their names .
You did a really good job .
From the outset of the factory system in woven apparel , after cloth has been laid out and cut in the configurations of patterns for various sizes , the cut parts have been grouped by parts of the garment ` fronts , backs , sleeves , patches for pockets , collars ` and tied together into bundles for operators , who sew together individual parts ` hence the term bundle system .
The hijacking began between 8:51 and 8:54 .
The monkey on board ship was a lad employed to fetch supplies ` powder and so forth ` to the guns .
We have the chance to shape the future of IUPUI by what we choose to do here .
-LRB- The Shia are dominant in Iran . -RRB-
The forecasting and inventory models presented in this chapter are not new ; they have been recommended for years by statisticians and operations researchers .
Um , my mom has because she knows how important it is to me and everything like that and my dad actually two weeks ago when I went home , I do n't even remember why I went home , but I went home for something and he 's like , he 's still trying to convince me to double major .
Each center thus had part of the knowledge of what was going on across the system .
As with all contributions made through I U Foundation , your gift is tax-deductible according to federal and state laws .
I got somebody who keeps coasting but it looks like he 's going into one of the small airports down there .
Second , the total amount of retail space in the United States has expanded dramatically , even while consumer expenditures on apparel items have declined as a share of total expenditures .
It is difficult to place all the blame on Renfrew , for his editor should have noticed the lack of coherence .
They come into a Pleasant Run program ... whether it 's for therapeutic help in their own homes -LRB- which nurtures whole families -RRB- , through foster care families or in the familial surroundings of our residential homes .
The attempted assassination in Ethiopia of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in June 1995 appears to have been a tipping point .
Each suit is ideally made from pattern pieces cut from the same ply of cloth and the same region of material .
In Sarasota , Florida , the presidential motorcade was arriving at the Emma E. Booker Elementary School , where President Bush was to read to a class and talk about education .
Feckless ' spiritless , helpless , futile ` is given in all my desk dictionaries , but only Chambers has feck -LRB- nice to see a lost positive found -RRB- , which comes from effect through vowel-loss and is defined as efficacy or quality .
And the rate of textile productivity over this period far outpaced that for the manufacturing sector as a whole .
End of digression and back to MUSKRAT-KAT - Muskrat Ramble is credited to Edward Kid Ory and Ray Gilbert .
And you said , How do I get this tar off of me uncle ?
We were very proud that our class stepped up and made a difference for young deserving students - just like we were 20 years ago back in 1980 !
This was the last normal contact the FAA had with the flight .
The call ended abruptly .
I 've read several of his books both fiction and non-fiction books .
We can not identify whose voices can be heard .
But not all fantasy qualifies as wish fulfillment .
Please send your check today .
In practice , however , retail inventory management is fraught with challenges , such as long and uncertain order-fulfillment lead times , and errors in product identification and record keeping .
Students will provide dental health education for homeless patients as well .
I am sure you will understand my writing to you once more about the important work of the American Cancer Society .
I am feeling quick on the trigger , quick on the draw , hot as a pistol , and loaded for bear , so I am going to get the drop on you and let you have it with both barrels .
Let us start with the three groups of clues encountered in the classical crossword synonyms , superordinates , and definitions .
In British English it is no longer considered a solecism to use the plurals they , their , them , theirs as a generalized pronoun for words like eyeryone , everybody , anyone , anybody , etc. .
OK , I thought so .
The enterprises that compose the apparel and textile industries manufacture a wide variety of products , and the mix has also changed since the postwar era .
Helen W. Power , in Women on Language ; Women in Language -LSB- XV
Just because , you know , she knows how I am , I guess .
It does appear now , however , in dictionaries and the English-language media .
Among the factors that are expected to have a substantial impact on employment in the textiles and apparel industries , perhaps the most influential will be the trade policy agreed to in the GATT .
At 9:00 , American Airlines Executive Vice President Gerard Arpey learned that communications had been lost with American 77 .
At 8:23 , the dispatcher tried unsuccessfully to contact the aircraft .
Both unions established a foothold in the industry because they represented strategic workers in the apparel production the skilled cutter working inside manufacturers ' plants .
Consider , for instance , how many store clerks still scan items incorrectly at the register .
Vice President Cheney was asked for authority to engage the aircraft .
As more American parents with busy , stressed lives retreat from their children , peers take over .
With rue and the beautiful Puritan pansies .
The Herron School of Art and Gallery of Indiana University is contemporary art !
I need to wipe this up !
A truly creative work is both original and sensible ; its novelty is culturally meaningful and useful .
Any dollar amount you wish to contribute is fine .
So , it 's like she , uh , and the education was n't the same back in those days .
Earlier , on page 49 , we learnt about Agnodice , who lived to become the world 's first known woman gynaecologist , in the fourth century BC .
Of that number , 70 percent are stray , lost pets .
According to contemporaneous notes , at 9:55 the Vice President was still on the phone with the President advising that three planes were missing and one had hit the Pentagon .
You will soon receive information from the Alumni Association with the details .
This does not necessarily translate into a desire for clerical rule and the abolition of a secular state .
Al Qaeda also used the Afghan state-owned Ariana Airlines to courier money into the country .
They may at least begin to suggest the considerable language barrier between my hosts and me .
Business ventures led him from coast to coast , gaining experience along the way .
Um , and we 're talking about childhood and middle school , what about high school ?
Each week 's demand has been divided by the average demand over the twenty-four weeks ; therefore , the average weekly demand is simply equal to 1.0 on this normalized scale .
No , someone brought Mom the necklace as a gift .
In fact , not only was the scramble prompted by the mistaken information about American 11 , but NEADS never received notice that American 77 was hijacked .
If any of us at the dental school can be of assistance , please write or call .
What does he do ?
I was always into those kinds of heroic things , um , so I read a lot of those things .
As a member of the Law Alumni Board -LRB- Board of Visitors -RRB- you are quite well acquainted with the programs , progress and problems of the law school .
Do n't you think that will be hard if you move all the way up there , not seeing them as much ?
And she told me that everyone has to be like a little child to God , and that God loves everyone just like He is their own father and they are His children , because of what they are .
People here at the school have asked for the opportunity to support students and recognize his good work by participating in the Steven L. Bricker Scholarship Endowment .
In Cecilia 's case she had to face the situation with a limited education , no skills and no source of income .
Usually the records were taken from their jackets and loaded naked in stacks , where they picked up dust , scratched one another , and traded static electricity .
Textile mills at their outset often provided the principal employment in the locality .
The Maennerchor Society brings together persons who share a desire to provide enduring and generous support for the law school .
I think that 's one I remember , a lot because when I was in 1st grade , I was sick a lot of the year , and I was out of school a lot of the year .
It was , uh , a very established studio and had put out a lot of , um , I guess , well known artists , and it was actually , it was affiliated with Jive Records , um , and Jive Records , I guess , at the time , had , their big act was the Backstreet Boys , and they were recording the Backstreet Boys ' first American released album .
It is regrettable that Lederer uses the word corruption -LRB- p.
The manufacturer can then transport the cut parts for assembly to sewing rooms , which may be either local or out of the country .
I told him , I 'm coming .
With its roots in Taylorism , each PBS task is given a target time or SAM -LRB- Standard Allocated Minutes -RRB- .
Chinese mothers typically corrected the child What did you say ?
In the 16th century the word was also a ` to run through , run across .
GENI organizes teacher workshops for K-12 teachers and assists them in developing geography teaching materials for classroom use .
The most important lesson we can take from Miller 's provocative findings is that when parents and teachers take time to construct narratives with and about the young child , they create a zone that spurs children to weave moral and social rules into their self-definitions and to behave accordingly .
This figure represents only 5 percent of the total cost that law students paid for their legal education .
Chapter 4 -LRB- The Building Blocks of Lean Retailing -RRB- describes how the essential elements of lean retailing ` bar codes
I also had conversation with American Airlines , and they 've told us that they believe that one of their stewardesses was stabbed and that there are people in the cockpit that have control of the aircraft , and that 's all the information they have right now .
-- After my infant son has done one of those cute things that portend a definitely-not-ordinary childhood , my mother-in-law asks , What would Mr. -LSB- sic -RSB- Spock say ?
He says , Do n't go .
Between 9:15 and 9:30 , the staff was busy arranging a return to Washington , while the President consulted his senior advisers about his remarks .
Both the mission commander and the senior weapons director indicated they did not pass the order to the fighters circling Washington and New York because they were unsure how the pilots would , or should , proceed with this guidance .
She would save everything .
While Bin Ladin maintained his own al Qaeda guesthouses and camps for vetting and training recruits , he also provided support to and benefited from the broad infrastructure of such facilities in Afghanistan made available to the global network of Islamist movements .
What do you do for that ?
The forty operations indicated in the figure may require only twelve minutes if the operators are working at 100 percent efficiency , but any given shirt still takes twenty working days to pass through the plant .
Similarly , the probability of adopting modular systems in 1992 was 54 percent compared with 30 percent if bar codes and EDI were not both present .
The doctor got , did some tests and uh , done some tests .
Dental hygiene is proving to be an exciting and rewarding career , both in private practice and community settings .
In addition , its capacity to use information on the state of demand allows it to set inventory levels on a SKU basis that balances the benefits of having a product available against the costs of holding work-in-process and finished goods inventories .
In 1971 , he opened is first business , a small New Jersey construction firm .
In the United States , NORAD is divided into three sectors .
Usually the records were taken from their jackets and loaded naked in stacks , where they picked up dust , scratched one another , and traded static electricity .
Business ventures led him from coast to coast , gaining experience along the way .
I could n't have done it .
Even Shelley may stake a claim , if only in the pajama division of this sector , thanks to his description in Epipsychidion of how
An endowed chair will greatly benefit the IU School of Dentistry in recruiting and retaining outstanding faculty .
How was it going to high school in Charlotte ?
For example , those in MET who worked on Team Indy were among the first Indianapolis campus participants in the annual Purdue Grand Prix at West Lafayette .
Turabi in return would let Bin Ladin use Sudan as a base for worldwide business operations and for preparations for jihad .
When one of these women gave birth to a child without knowing which sailor had fathered it , the paternity was logged as gun , perhaps alluding to the midship gun , which was often located near the makeshift maternity room .
You do n't know .
Other flight attendants were busy at duties such as getting medical supplies while Ong and Sweeney were reporting the events .
You would open the back door and you felt like you were big stuff .
Anyway , the studio itself was kind a dingy , it was n't very professional .
Many Little Sisters are preparing to go back to school this fall full of hope and with a positive outlook .
Actually , I went back to see my doctor and when I , everything you know was fine .
Finally , it might be worth mentioning that the program has the capacity to store in a temporary memory buffer about 100 words -LRB- proper names , for instance -RRB- that it has identified as not stored in its dictionary .
Again , the time it takes managers to reach a decision is what determines the length of this process .
The hijacker pilot then advanced the throttles to maximum power and dove toward the Pentagon .
And do you read a lot ?
However , we recognize that contributions at the Maennerchor Society level are not possible for all .
Historically , the textile-apparel relationship involved long lead times or advance commitments to secure the necessary cloth in the right style , texture , and patterns .
Some over-edge sewing operations common with knit goods actually trim the edges of cloth just in front of the needle ; in these cases any fused material from the laser cutting could be trimmed away .
People generally seem to find dialect study interesting .
The publisher sent unrevised bound proofs from which this review was prepared ; unfortunately , there was no proof of an index , but the publisher has assured me that there will be one in the published book , a rather essential ingredient of a work with this title .
English-types -LRB- like us -RRB- thrive in an environment that fosters dialogue .
There is nobody around I could practise with .
Many of the thirsty crowd were veterans , as were many of the bartenders .
Islam is divided into two main branches , Sunni and Shia .
Contributing members of the winning class will receive an added bonus of a tuition-waived registration to a non-restricted C.E.
It seems unnecessary to point out that Framework can not have a very sophisticated list of words if it has only 37,000 in its memory , but I thought it might be interesting to see what substitutions were evoked by SUGGEST .
bound in fetters , they work continually without being allowed any rest by night or day .
Markers are made by hand , tracing pattern pieces onto sheets of paper from thick , pre-cut cardboard pattern elements .
Everybody 's family is different .
Your gift to Goodwill will help the many people who want to tell their own stories of success .
He had a pillow , one of those big pillows , and it looked red , all of it with blood and swollen like this . So he said , from the running down from several places , but the one that , this one -LSB- indicates eyebrow -RSB- , was , was too much .
Both the mission commander and the senior weapons director indicated they did not pass the order to the fighters circling Washington and New York because they were unsure how the pilots would , or should , proceed with this guidance .
A Big Sister is a mentor , a friend and a role model , helping a young girl to develop the self-confidence and life skills necessary to become a responsible , productive and successful adult .
This was the word that first caught my eye as the obverse of onomatopoeia .
' The barn was the building for storing barley .
I did that because that 's what my dad wanted me to do .
Understanding is the key .
Uh , it 's interesting how , uh , stories become so impressionable the younger the hearer .
Daddy 's , daddy 's a builder right ?
/ / All the time .
YOU CAN HELP SUPPORT THESE AND OTHER NEEDED SERVICES HERE IN CENTRAL INDIANA .
These findings are not an indictment of maternal employment or nonparental child care .
They have a place here too .
Bin Ladin seemed willing to include in the confederation terrorists from almost every corner of the Muslim world .
As this was happening , passenger Daniel Lewin , who was seated in the row just behind Atta and Omari , was stabbed by one of the hijackers-probably Satam al Suqami , who was seated directly behind Lewin .
Because , there were a lot more things .
Subcontractors who might do cutting as well as sewing are provided with enough fabric to make the order .
In the 16th century the word was also a ` to run through , run across .
Is this real-world or exercise ?
They enabled the passengers to gain critical information , including the news that two aircraft had slammed into the World Trade Center .
However , even for a basic product like blue jeans , it is unlikely that all these assumptions will hold .
Some family members who listened to the recording report that they can hear the voice of a loved one among the din .
According to Vygotsky , children 's greatest self-control occurs during make-believe play .
The Lord helped me for a reason .
Map 33 shows the distribution of child -LRB- most of southern England -RRB- and of bairn -LRB- north of a slightly wavy line between Boston , on the Wash to the east , and Lancaster , on the west coast -RRB- .
One may well wonder what Miss Stowe had in mind when , in Uncle Tom 's Cabin -LRB- Chapter 5 -RRB- , she narrates how Mrs.
L 's set of symbols is somewhat closer to that of the International Phonetic Alphabet ; W follows the system used in the Third Unabridged , which is too complicated for my taste , being replete with diacritics .
My name is Gloria Cotton .
Neither do we .
24,000 community volunteers pick up 2 million pounds of litter , plant 1,200 trees and paint 50 homes for the poor and elderly .
At the same time , the company began to redesign its logistics system ` the method it used to move goods from suppliers , through warehouses , and to delivery at stores .
Language appropriate to a basic ability to read and write , followed by the capacity to handle abstract usage , and , at a higher level , to be at ease with what Philip Gove in Webster 's Third called ISV , ` international scientific vocabulary .
One wonders whether the marriage had secretly taken place between the consecutive chapters !
Had Jessica been thinking about Tyrone 's zone , she might have framed the items on her list this
Actually , my sister wrote a story on it .
Clusters of Supplier One Innovation Is Not Enough
With all the activity , these facilities will be used more than ever !
Again , our earlier intuition is confirmed .
Journalists and other commentators have sometimes taken a facetious view of the situation , suggesting that person , itself , is sexist because - son denotes ` male offspring , ' that words like manhole are sexist , and that even woman -LRB- wo + man -RRB- is sexist .
When the vacuum pump comes on , five pounds of force per square foot push down on the fabric .
And uh , somewhere in the middle of VA. .
I forgot about comic books !
To avoid New York area air traffic and uncertain about what to do , the fighters were brought down to military airspace to hold as needed .
Your brother came to help us there .
There 's , my dad reminds me from time to time .
YMCA International Conference -- Four delegates -LRB- 3 volunteers and 1 staff attended the YMCA International Conference in Toronto , Canada in October .
But the second reads like gobbledygook while the first tries to provide some basic notion of what is involved and where it is applied while , at the same time , gently notifying users that they are going to have to seek elsewhere for a proper definition , the understanding of which requires far more backgound in mathematics and logic than can be assumed in the average user .
Yet few of us hear enough about kids who live through these adversities and do make the grade .
Oh , he 's down ?
Can you remember the first story that you can remember anyone telling you some of the first memories of someone telling you a story ?
You mean like imaginary , or fictional stories ?
I am asking for the support of the families of Herron students to help maintain this vital program .
I said , If you , if you would lend me your boys tomorrow .
You were there , the upchuck wagon .
I was under the impression it was based on Webster 's Ninth Collegiate Dictionary , and indeed it was ; but there are so many improvements and changes that the absence both of a Longman copyright notice and of any identification of a specific editorial director are a bit mysterious .
I do n't , I kind of do n't think about that though , because I 'm like my life is my life , you know ?
We have the chance to shape the future of IUPUI by what we choose to do here .
Once again , the development of Web sites to undertake some of these connections represents an important first step in this direction .
How about I used to read you stories a lot .
The flight had taken off just as American 11 was being hijacked , and at 8:42 the United 175 flight crew completed their report on a suspicious transmission overheard from another plane -LRB- which turned out to have been Flight 11 -RRB- just after takeoff .
A list of the schools served during the 1996-97 school year is enclosed .
If you try to make any moves , you 'll endanger yourself and the airplane .
That , the sun had n't come up yet , it was still like , five in the morning .
For North Carolina ?
We are asking for your ten dollars to help fund our programs of Research , Education , and Patient Service and Rehabilitation .
Readiness for Narrative .
When you make your contribution to the law school in 1992 , please take a moment to follow the three easy steps listed above .
There you are .
Again , Jarrah pitched the nose of the aircraft up and down .
The call lasted about two minutes , after which Policastro and a colleague tried unsuccessfully to contact the flight .
Simply doing business with lean retailers in no way confers competitive success .
Why is reading so important ?
Still , the idea has caught on so well that most British newspapers now offer two crossword puzzles each day .
Given the predominant share of workers in assembly , organization of work in the sewing room has been the central focus of management attention .
In sum , the protocols in place on 9/11 for the FAA and NORAD to respond to a hijacking presumed that
Five-year pledges are essential , and will be recognized at the IDA Annual Session and in school and professional publications .
Yeah , he taxied to a gas station to fill it up .
They must desire genuine communication and work toward attaining it .
He said to me , You have to go , he said to me .
However , a donation of $ 25 or more entitles you to official membership in the Alumni Association with the privileges thereof , 1 -RRB- The right to vote in the upcoming Alumni Association Board Member elections -LRB- currently two members of the Class of ' 84 , Maureen Althert and Brian Elson serve on the Board -RRB- ; 2 -RRB- An official Alumni Association decal and membership card ; 3 -RRB- A discount on Alumni Association apparel ; and , 4 -RRB- Eligibility for the Charity Raffle , $ 500 to be given to the charity of your choice .
He told us that by the time he arrived , the order had already been passed down NORAD 's chain of command .
I 've not been able to corroborate this explanation , but I 'll never forget it .
They 're moving everybody out of the way .
Well , who told you that story ?
At 9:34 , the Command Center relayed the information concerning United 93 to FAA headquarters .
The next two chapters examine apparel operations , starting with a look at the use of information technologies and automation equipment in the preassembly stages of garment-making -LRB- Chapter 8 -RRB- and then the sewing room -LRB- Chapter 9 -RRB- .
W lists the date of the earliest recorded use in English ... of the sense which the date precedes .
Before 9/11 , it was not unheard of for a commercial aircraft to deviate slightly from its course , or for an FAA controller to lose radio contact with a pilot for a short period of time .
Uh , let 's see .
When tired , Sophie 's teddy bear and leprechaun do n't stay up late doing just as they please .
metaschizotherium Not an over-arching , society-wide split personality , but mind blowingly enough an extinct rhino with a fivetoed foot .
In particular , advanced practices in distribution and modular production interact with each other because they both reduce throughput time .
Manager , New York We have several situations going on here .
These advancements simply would not have been available without contributions from alumni and friends of the school .
Penny Perrick regrets -LRB- January 11 -RRB- that There is no word in English to describe that particular , special sort of pride that one feels in the achievements of one 's children .
How about making their publicity buyer-friendlier as well ?
Bin Ladin went initially to Jalalabad , probably because it was in an area controlled by a provincial council of Islamic leaders who were not major contenders for national power .
Not that I can remember , no , uh uh .
Look , the sun is sleepy , going to bed , said 21/2 - year-old David while watching the sun disappear below the horizon at the end of a day at the beach .
At the conclusion of this vast exercise , done without the aid of computers , there emerged a pattern of familial relationships that linked together languages spoken , in earlier times , from Britain as far east as Chinese Turkestan and from India as far north as Lappland .
These capacities , in turn , ease the task of establishing an intersubjective connection , and that connection provides the platform for the creation of additional zones , enabling children to master complex , culturally adaptive skills .
Its only real faults are its title , which belies the content , the cutesy headings , and the lack of a truly detailed self-indexing does not provide coverage of sufficient detail .
Oh yeah , superheroes like Captain Marvel , Superman , Batman and all of them .
Obese is a compound of two Latin words , the prefix , ob - ` over ' + `` dere '' eat .
Jarrah was in seat 1B , closest to the cockpit ; Nami was in 3C , Ghamdi in 3D , and Haznawi in 6B .
He passed these instructions to the pilots that launched at 10:42 and afterward .
Examples of franglais which they find particularly monstrous are , I hear , to be condemned to a newly created Mus ?? e des horreurs .
Essentially , random fluctuation in demand can not be explained by trends , seasonality , cyclicality , or other factors like advertising and new product introduction .
I guess I lay there unconscious awhile .
Is he your favorite superhero ?
NORAD would receive tracking information for the hijacked aircraft either from joint use radar or from the relevant FAA air traffic control facility .
The Czech playwright Karel Kapek was the creator of robot a ` machine which replaces a man ' in R.U.R.
They can change the tone of people 's voice yes .
The flight did not respond .
For example , Webster 's Ninth New Collegiate Dictionary -LRB- 1986 -RRB- defines a man-about-town as a wordly and socially active man .
No evidence of firearms or of their identifiable remains was found at the aircraft 's crash site , and the cockpit voice recorder gives no indication of a gun being fired or mentioned at any time .
Well , probably the favorite book I had , this is a little different I had The Giant Golden Book of Astronomy , which I got when I was in the second grade and I read it cover to cover till I wore it out .
Usually the records were taken from their jackets and loaded naked in stacks , where they picked up dust , scratched one another , and traded static electricity .
Oftener than not , use of language establishes membership and social-cum-educational rank as clearly as any parchment .
Boston Center immediately advised the New England Region that it was going to stop all departures at airports under its control .
I know most of you will find it hard to believe , but we are about to celebrate our 35th Anniversary .
Our pleasure !
The first of the Andrews fighters was airborne at 10:38 .
It was kind of , it 's sort of , it seemed unfair to me to , um , to subject her to that , and plus , I mean , the schedule was just starting to take a toll on me as well , and you can only put in so many 80 hour weeks before you kind of break down from it .
Goodwill helps people get off of public assistance .
No , had n't seen some of them .
Low-cost labor overseas and the increasing penetration of imports have certainly undercut American apparel manufacturers ; apparel imports grew rapidly in most categories starting in the mid-1970s .
So I liked that .
I love to read just plain history , um , it must have rubbed off in some aspect because that 's the kind of thing I still read .
Thus , in modern parlance , when a person goes off half cocked -LRB- or at half cock -RRB- , he or she is not in control of the situation .
Um she used to , she used to walk every day .
The utopian communes of anarchists , socialists , and hippies , for example , have not even dented it .
It is important , too , to note that writing systems are for instance , Polish is written -LRB- today -RRB- using the Roman alphabet , but Russian , a related Slavic language , uses the Cyrillic ; Yiddish , a Germanic language , is written in Hebrew characters ; Latin , Greek , and Sanskrit , which resemble one another rather closely in some respects , all use different alphabets ; and early examples , utterly unrecognizable to untrained readers of modern languages , were written in cuneiform , quite suitable for writing on soft clay tablets with a pointed stylus , and hieroglyphics .
We do this through a wide range of programs including community - based , therapeutic foster care , group homes and our treatment center .
An odd sidelight on this came a few days after reading the article .
They call it , he said , The Committee of Forsaken Mothers .
Together with those who were already donors , there are over 1,350 staff and faculty supporting the work of IUPUI with their gifts .
I 'll ask you first Mom , and then Dad .
You 've got three kids now .
Rusine should be added to the supplement of English words ending in - ine -LRB- p.
In their description of isoglosses , they
If you would like to become a member of ELM , please fill out the enclosed membership form and send it back at your earliest convenience .
Um , the joys , joys and fun of construction .
Somewhere in VA Marsha sees a billboard for this restaurant to eat at .
Considering the circulation of The New York Times on Sundays , his column is probably the most widely read commentary on contemporary English in the world ; that places more than one uncommon burden on a he must do his utmost to be accurate ; he must try to select subjects likely to be of interest to his readers ; and he must write well .
He could stand as a symbol of resistance-above all , resistance to the West and to America .
These newest Scholars bring the number to ten -- ten who , like Christa McAuliffe , will touch the future .
They 're actually both teachers .
And to request confirmation , they might well say You do it exactly this way !
Therefore , the amount of finished goods in the manufacturer 's distribution center needed to satisfy weekly demand for all SKUs depends on the cycle times of the plants supplying finished product , and what fraction of production is made in each plant .
Bin Ladin declined , apparently judging that his circumstances in Afghanistan remained more favorable than the Iraqi alternative .
What the Sewing Operator Does
The best traditional retailers were also good at merchandising .
This ensures that they will acquire competencies that are adaptive in their culture .
Note that these significant technological , market , and environmental changes largely originated outside the apparel industry itself .
Last year a small number of alumni each contributed between $ 2,500 and $ 4,999 to the school .
He passed this inspection .
She would save everything .
When you make your contribution to the law school in 1992 , please take a moment to follow the three easy steps listed above .
The threat of Soviet bombers diminished significantly as the Cold War ended , and the number of NORAD alert sites was reduced from its Cold War high of 26 .
For the short term , its impact will be on a relatively small niche market .
NORAD officials have maintained consistently that had the passengers not caused United 93 to crash , the military would have prevented it from reaching Washington , D.C.
The Command Center 's national operations manager , Ben Sliney , ordered all FAA facilities to instruct all aircraft to land at the nearest airport .
But , it is high time that we establish direct contact with all alumni from all the graduation years , from all Department activities and areas .
The kids need your leadership now more than ever .
In addition to that behind-the-scenes role , MCCOY has taken an out-front role in developing a Summer Bus Pass , neighborhood youth councils , and the We Value Youth information line .
Um , I wanted to be closer to my family , number one , and , um , number two , I have a lot of friends coming here , which helped me a lot , and , um , I just liked the Charlotte , um , UNC Charlotte because I wanted to be a , a nurse .
Even for basic products , demand varies from day to day and week to week .
Consistent with the Confucian parental obligation , The deeper the love , the greater the correction , Chinese mothers ' misdeed stories were much longer than those of the American mothers ` in fact , the most lengthy and elaborate of all Chinese narrations .
Thus , while the fighter pilots under NORAD direction who had scrambled out of Langley never received any type of engagement order , the Andrews pilots were operating weapons free-a permissive rule of engagement .
The SIDS Alliance meets all National Charities Information Bureau -LRB- NCIB -RRB- standards , and is listed in the NCIB Wisegiving Guide .
Thank , thank you for your stories .
As with many new technologies that have developed since the 1970s , adoption of innovative equipment is still occurring in fits and starts and depends on a given firm 's size and mix of products .
Not so paleolinguistics , or the reconstruction of ancient languages .
Suits and pants require thread colors that match or blend with the shell fabric , and it is important to reduce the number of thread changes the sewing operator has to make .
Big Sisters helps fill that void by matching caring , responsible adult volunteers with at-risk girls , ages 8-14 .
Partnership with YMCA of Liberia - In 1998 , we continued our efforts to help the YMCA of Liberia re-establish after 7 years of civil war .
Have you ever read any books from foreign authors ?
In some developing countries , workers are brought to the factories , which are generally located at the outer reaches of the local industrial infrastructure .
Bottom-up the young being inducted into school at an early age and proceeding , level by level , to institutions of ever higher learning , stopping off for various reasons at various levels , usually marked by tests and the distribution of certificates providing a social grade .
Moreover , the fighting in Afghanistan made Pakistan home to an enormous-and generally unwelcome-population of Afghan refugees ; and since the badly strained Pakistani education system could not accommodate the refugees , the government increasingly let privately funded religious schools serve as a cost-free alternative .
Men of your caliber are hard to find .
For the most part , in-plant production methods for apparel have been organized around the way in which cut parts of garments are distributed to operators for sewing and then assembled into the completed garment .
A decade of conflict in Afghanistan , from 1979 to 1989 , gave Islamist extremists a rallying point and training field .
Work a lot harder , um , take some classes that I think are going to interest me more .
I said to him , that they want to do in that meeting ?
Thus the military did not have 14 minutes to respond to American 77 , as testimony to the Commission in May 2003 suggested .
But I 'm never going to take the knives out .
It has long been known that inventories at the macroeconomic level affect the depth and length of business cycles .
She asked her mother to alert American Airlines .
Statistical analysis showed that those garments for which the Buying Committee had the greatest disagreement were indeed those with the greatest demand uncertainty .
This chapter also describes a new approach to production and sourcing strategies , one that balances traditional and short-cycle production lines .
As a key part of its efforts , Defense created National Guard WMD Civil Support Teams to respond in the event of a WMD terrorist incident .
Azzam , by contrast , favored continuing to fight in Afghanistan until it had a true Islamist government .
They 're making trincheras , they call them trincheras , where they 're putting mounds of stones near the houses , so that the bullets there .
When parents and children spend most of their time apart , the result is a profound dampening of parents ' socializing power .
But some very clever comparative linguists , beginning in Germany in the 19th century , theorized about how the nature of the ancestors of the more modern tongues .
That 's how I got them hundred dollars .
By some accounts , he had been interested there in religious studies , inspired by tape recordings of fiery sermons by Abdullah Azzam , a Palestinian and a disciple of Qutb .
I do n't , I kind of do n't think about that though , because I 'm like my life is my life , you know ?
All The Little Monster Books , I ca n't remember what the individual names of them were but I 've read them all multiple times .
An envelope and giving card are enclosed -LRB- with checks payable to Indiana University Foundation -RRB- .
Each narrative focused on a relatively exceptional personal experience .
Welfare is not the answer .
At 9:32 , they found one .
Nobody used to snicker at Chaucer 's line -LRB- No. 5818 -RRB- in The Prologe of the Wyf of Bathe , in which that harried dame : Why is my neghebores wif so gay ?
Children are back in their classrooms enjoying the fun of renewing friendships and activities interrupted by summer vacation .
The word might also have been used for a receptacle near the guns where powder and balls were kept .
And , instead of providing an open-ended guarantee on prices to its distributors , the company would guarantee the price for only two weeks after purchase by the distributor , refusing to take back computers unless they malfunctioned .
Two minutes later , staff reported that they were still trying to locate Secretary Rumsfeld and Vice Chairman Myers .
Determining the degree to which a supplier benefits from its technological investments is the real issue .
He also made use of the already-established Third World Relief Agency -LRB- TWRA -RRB- headquartered in Vienna , whose branch office locations included Zagreb and Budapest .
-LRB- Points to the shell 's colors -RRB- Sometimes people make jewelry out of these shells .
Quiet now .
And uh , somewhere in the middle of VA. .
an item recorded , as in a diary , dictionary , or account .
At 9:00 , American Airlines Executive Vice President Gerard Arpey learned that communications had been lost with American 77 .
So we quick think and I go , well grab a paper towel and wet it and throw a couple of ice cubes in and put it on his hand , get him up to his feet and haul him off to the emergency room .
Furthermore , both language progress and an array of emergent-literacy skills can be predicted by the sheer amount of verbal interaction in the home during the first few years of life'a relationship that holds for children of all socioeconomic levels .
. Mr. Whopsle , being knocked up , was in such a very bad temper .
I did n't hit nothing .
While traveling 35,000 feet above eastern Ohio , United 93 suddenly dropped 700 feet .
Let me live in my house by the side of the road
At that time , and now later on she , she lives at the library just about .
U.S. officials became aware of these secret discussions , certainly by March .
You can literally help save a life .
At 9:44 , NORAD briefed the conference on the possible hijacking of Delta 1989 .
As you know , SEND is a neighborhood-based organization investing in Greater Fountain Square 's housing , youth , and economic future .
Does parenting really matter ?
Your gift today of $ 25 , $ 50 , $ 125 , $ 250 or more will help keep our Red Shield a strong , reputable symbol of hope -- for those we assist , as well as for those who are watching !
All the ingredients may be present ` the music , the singers , the dancers , the setting , and costumes ` but , alas , duende itself fails to show up and the production fizzles .
But , it is high time that we establish direct contact with all alumni from all the graduation years , from all Department activities and areas .
The L was based on the W , but a comparison , albeit superficial , reveals a number of differences , to
Societies seldom see what is central in their own cultures , having much less trouble identifying it in the cultures of others .
We 're at war ... somebody 's going to pay .
On the other hand , one would hate to lose the information that might be contained in past years ' selling patterns .
These people are living proof that your investment pays off .
But my main object in choosing the passage was to illustrate the way in which Shakespeare could move from the literal to the metaphorical or metaphysical in his use of a legal term .
Why are horse and cow lying down ? Kevin asked .
It took me really a long time to sort what was going on in my mind out , she said .
What about high school into college into adulthood what are some of the books that you read ?
Does parenting really matter ?
As you know , we are in the process of building an endowment fund in graduate periodontics at Indiana University which will honor Dr. Timothy J. O'Leary , a man whose leadership played a significant role in our school and profession .
She 'd go , Oh no , he 's not mine .
I remember going down to the church and there was a group of men there that were organizing an uh , evacuation of all the valuables of the church , take them to the second floor .
Boston Center TMU -LSB- Traffic Management Unit -RSB- , we have a problem here .
Some time ago , Texans picked up a speech habit that is being acquired by the rest of the country .
IUPUI envisions a complete and unified university campus , one that will become a model for public higher education for the nation 's cities .
When I found out that the infant mortality rate in Indiana was 86 percent greater than for mothers in Sweden , I was shocked .
Um , yes y' all need to include that picture with my little dysentery here , uh disinter , I guess it is .
And that 's like I can totally see my dad in my personality .
' Even though lariat contains its own Spanish article , when we imported it into English , we added another , the English the , to create a literal the la reata , ` the the lasso , ' and we never think of it as redundancy .
As Damon 's message suggests , in building an eective vision of child development and child rearing , neither the child 's inner thoughts and feelings nor the role of adult guidance can be singularly extolled or wholeheartedly ignored .
In make-believe , Alison experimented with the first step of this multistep process when she melded news of the train crash in India with the toy ambulance before her .
In the Roman Catholic Church , for example , women can function as acolytes -LRB- one of the minor orders of the diaconate -RRB- but may not be officially installed as acolytes .
I thought it was lacquer thinner .
Uh , we used to walk up to the local grocery store , uh , which was about three or four blocks away .
There are many other , lesser factors at work , but taken together , all tend toward standardization , especially as the older speakers die off .
At 9:32 , a hijacker , probably Jarrah , made or attempted to make the following announcement to the passengers of Flight 93 : Ladies and Here the captain , please sit down keep remaining sitting .
Sixteen seconds after that transmission , ATC instructed the aircraft 's pilots to climb to 35,000 feet .
And then , well , we found out that my brother had been admitted , until they took out th , that -LRB- fragment0 , they let him come , but now he did n't come , he went to , to the department of education and asked a transfer , they did n't deny it to him , they transferred him to another place immediately .
My mom knows .
Our free educational programs can save lives .
Some of Bin Ladin 's close comrades were more peers than subordinates .
Considering the circulation of The New York Times on Sundays , his column is probably the most widely read commentary on contemporary English in the world ; that places more than one uncommon burden on a he must do his utmost to be accurate ; he must try to select subjects likely to be of interest to his readers ; and he must write well .
Your support for our work would be greatly appreciated .
Are you sure you want to be telling people that ?
As work progresses through a typical sewing plant , it is also common for a special order to disrupt the flow .
If my father bought it , it would have to be a Dodge .
Please join us as we continue to rebuild this historic neighborhood into a place of pride and community strength .
To avoid New York area air traffic and uncertain about what to do , the fighters were brought down to military airspace to hold as needed .
At 8:28 , Boston Center called the Command Center in Herndon to advise that it believed American 11 had been hijacked and was heading toward New York Center 's airspace .
Periodic Versus Continuous Review
Perhaps Aman will sharpen his perspective and techniques and institute such interviews as a regular feature of Maledicta .
It is a contraction of gung-yeh ho-dzo , ` industrial cooperation , ` and it caught on because it is easy to pronounce , as in ` Nam or the States . ` Nam by itself is no more derogatory or misleading than shortening airplane or telephone or gung-ho .
I want him to beat my heart and beat my brain .
These measures were precautionary steps taken because of the strikes in New York .
\ \ Can you remember the very first stories that were read when you were little ?
Um , I guess the time when I was four .
None are reported to have received a significant response .
As graduates of the class of 1990 , we would like to leave behind something tangible , in appreciation for the support and encouragement we have received from other students in the School of Engineering and Technology .
The second radio transmission , 35 seconds later , indicated that the fight was continuing .
By the year 2000 .
He dia , diagnosed me as having acute leukemia and um , this was when I lived back in Raleigh .
As a donor to the School of Dentistry , you are making a significant investment in dental education in Indiana .
Daddy 's , daddy 's a builder right ?
He said the President signed off on that concept .
But as Figure 7.9 suggests , a manufacturer can pay somewhat more to make certain units ` those with high weekly variation in sales ` in quick production lines and still reap a better return than it would by making all of the product in a less expensive , slower plant .
We have already described some specific ways that managers can think about integration of new information technologies and manufacturing practices .
Mr. Joseph Hymes ' Do Mistake'Learn Better -LSB- XV ,1 -RSB- brought to mind the time a Japanese acquaintance told me of a friend of hers who decided to tackle the original English version of three books she had enjoyed while in Japan .
It does appear now , however , in dictionaries and the English-language media .
Map 33 shows the distribution of child -LRB- most of southern England -RRB- and of bairn -LRB- north of a slightly wavy line between Boston , on the Wash to the east , and Lancaster , on the west coast -RRB- .
A more emphatic adjective is perjinkety ; and it has the noun perjinkity , defined as a nicety .
Establishing the target customer base is therefore a critical first step in any merchandising strategy .
When was the last time you stopped at IUPUI since you graduated ?
Wells 's The Time Machine -LRB- 1895 -RRB- , considered by some the first work of true SF .
I have been with the Department of Manufacturing Technology for about thirty years , twenty-five years as chairman and have recently retired .
Being at WBRC learning to cope with the disability was a major feat for Miyares .
When a literate Chinese had to write about this new kingdom a problem arose as there was no charactter for the Viet .
The automated sewing systems that create the closely spaced regular stitch patterns used as decorative top stitching on men 's dress shirts , collars , cuffs , and pockets are examples of expensive machines operated for a single shift .
Al Qaeda members could travel freely within the country , enter and exit it without visas or any immigration procedures , purchase and import vehicles and weapons , and enjoy the use of official Afghan Ministry of Defense license plates .
Uh , I loved the part where they would , you know , make things out of nothing .
Not only are they winning awards around town but many will be presented with scholarships or gift certificates on April 30th at the annual Awards and Honors Ceremony .
At 10:00:03 , Jarrah stabilized the airplane .
A robust economy helps by providing job opportunities , but to be honest , most of the people who are n't working today are quite simply the ones who face the greatest obstacles .
Oh well , the cultural differences would come through in the writing , yeah , sure .
As Damon 's message suggests , in building an eective vision of child development and child rearing , neither the child 's inner thoughts and feelings nor the role of adult guidance can be singularly extolled or wholeheartedly ignored .
18 The advantage of using VMI programs stems from the retailer and manufacturer working together to determine a flow of shipments that optimizes the economics of the two parties as a system .
Thank you again for sending me the information on your $ 25 reasonable request direct mail appeal as well as your detailed analysis of results .
America is under attack .
They said the hijackers wielded knives and claimed to have a bomb .
At eight or ten stitches an inch , it is possible to seam thirteen to sixteen or more inches a second .
She got gangrene in her foot and he said if you do n't quit smoking you 're going to lose your foot .
In Brazil , child street vendors with little or no schooling display sophisticated concepts of classification and equivalence as the result of buying candy from wholesalers , pricing it with the help of adults and experienced peers , and bargaining with customers on city streets .
Please join with us to see that happy endings do continue .
A relatively new graphic technique is the sandwich .
Best of all , probably , was the unintentional but unavoidable hilarity roused by Hattie McDaniels , Butterfly McQueen , and Vivien Leigh as they jabbered and squeaked in Japanese about Ashley Wilkes , Mista Rhett , and the fall of Atlanta .
We are asking for your ten dollars to help fund our programs of Research , Education , and Patient Service and Rehabilitation .
Bin Ladin declined , apparently judging that his circumstances in Afghanistan remained more favorable than the Iraqi alternative .
Maybe we 'll soon have Heroin -LRB- or Heroine , or Heroine -RRB- , Smack , and Coke , -LRB- though we can be sure that the company coming up with the last of these will hear from you-know-who -RRB- .
To help accomplish these goals we need your support .
The mission crew commander explained to us that the purpose was to position the Langley fighters between the reported southbound American 11 and the nation 's capital .
Historically , the bulk of the human race has never known a classroom , let alone a cloister or an ivory tower , or met up with teachers empowered by letters after their names .
Without a nationally regulated and generously subsidized child-care system , formal child care in the United States is in much shorter supply and considerably more costly for parents than it is in other industrialized nations .
This plan is one more reason to preserve the perennially endangered Endangered Species Act - the most effective wildlife law ever passed .
9 About two-thirds of the production volume of our surveyed business units did their marker-making , spreading , and cutting in a single location .
Think of your greatest accomplishments .
This is illustrated in Table 9.1 -LRB- page 158 -RRB- for the men 's and boys ' shirt industry .
Such requirements could arise either as a result of voluntary agreements among retailers and apparel suppliers or be mandated through regulation .
It is great to know that people , like you , who have graduated from our program are willing to support us in such a significant way .
I mean I 'm sure I have read I just ca n't even remember what , Dr. Zhivago , I read that .
The White House requested -LRB- 1 -RRB- the implementation of continuity of government measures , -LRB- 2 -RRB- fighter escorts for Air Force One , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- a fighter combat air patrol over Washington , D.C.
These experiments in political Islam faltered during the 1990 the Iranian revolution lost momentum , prestige , and public support , and Pakistan 's rulers found that most of its population had little enthusiasm for fundamentalist Islam .
And uh she had just cartons and cartons of soup labels that she had saved over the years and redeem them you know I do n't know five cents a bushel so she was very practical in that regard .
In Mandarin the name America becomes ` beautiful nation , ' as Mr. Henn says .
Callers reported that a passenger had been stabbed and that two people were lying on the floor of the cabin , injured or dead-possibly the captain and first officer .
The heading of the Langley fighters was adjusted to send them to the Baltimore area .
Boston Center asked the Herndon Command Center to issue a similar cockpit security alert nationwide .
They , they definitely had a lot of pride in , in the appearance of the studio and how well it was maintained , which was nice .
On reflection , the parts will hold together .
Engineers designed operations to take similar lengths of time to achieve line balancing .
But it was a bunch of wild and crazy stories .
When a young , unmarried woman like Cecilia becomes pregnant , the risks to her unborn child are very serious .
And , how old are you ?
Also at 8:25 , and again at 8:29 , Amy Sweeney got through to the American Flight Services Office in Boston but was cut off after she reported someone was hurt aboard the flight .
Far more acquired valuable skills but lived in stagnant economies that could not generate satisfying jobs .
And uh she had just cartons and cartons of soup labels that she had saved over the years and redeem them you know I do n't know five cents a bushel so she was very practical in that regard .
By 10:45 there was , however , another set of fighters circling Washington that had entirely different rules of engagement .
Our students and the public are continuing to enjoy a number of special programs , such as the Visiting Artist Program , which draws about 10 nationally known artists who present free public slide lectures about their work , the Saturday School , now in its 70th year of providing art classes for junior and senior high school students every spring and fall , and the Pre-College Program , offering art classes for recently graduated high school students who are interested in careers in the arts .
Um , Can we turn that off while I think ?
Throughout this book ` and especially in Chapter 5 , which addresses the development of children with physical and mental disabilities ` we will see many more examples of these synergistic eects .
Though Turabi had been its inspirational leader , General Omar al Bashir , president since 1989 , had never been entirely under his thumb .
Simply put , the less certain retailers are of the demand for their product , the more safety stock they must hold to meet consumer needs .
The items are then stored in a way that makes them easy to pick for an order about to be shipped .
Consider Dickens ' sharp image in Bleak House -LRB- Chapter LIV -RRB- when he describes how Sir Leicester leans back in his chair , and breathlessly ejaculates .
The first topic addressed in the White House video teleconference-at about 9:40 - was the physical security of the President , the White House , and federal agencies .
But Bin Ladin and his comrades had their own sources of support and training , and they received little or no assistance from the United States .
crapulous , crapulent What this suggests would , of course , only occur to pre-pubescent boys and has nothing to do with the real meaning of drunkenness , overeating .
This was followed by a second radio transmission , with sounds of screaming .
As is true at other campuses , almost all of our operating funds are restricted .
The Herron School of Art and Gallery at IUPUI is contemporary art !
And how old are you ?
But , uh , I guess I did that for it must have been close to , um , a year and a half maybe , and then I decided not , and ended up leaving .
If you have any questions , please feel free to stop by and see me .
Bloomer -LRB- for ` flower ' -RRB- , butter -LRB- for ` ram ' -RRB- , or even flower -LRB- for ` river ' -RRB- are recurrent examples , but solvers must always be on the alert for new traps of this
These definitions are given in the most recent -LRB- 1983 -RRB- edition of Chambers 20th Century Dictionary , which was edited and published in Edinburgh .
He inveighed against the presence of U.S. troops in Saudi Arabia , the home of Islam 's holiest sites .
The paper marker identifies each piece in the layout so that the cloth pieces for individual apparel items can be put together after the fabric is cut .
Goin ' cut him if he stan ' still , goin ' shoot him if he run .
Cleveland even told the Command Center it was prepared to contact a nearby military base to make the request .
The other women gasped and asked , And what is the famous Lipschitz curse ?
They seem to think that he is descending .
It is as if you looked up , say , infer/imply in a usage manual and the author 's treatment , in place of an explanation and sound advice , were an unpleasant diatribe against anyone so dense and rude as to have had to look up the entry to begin with .
He was defeated by the alerted , unarmed passengers of United 93 .
We shall return to this point later .
So , what I am going to ask you is what was your philosophy behind that ?
End of digression and back to MUSKRAT-KAT - Muskrat Ramble is credited to Edward Kid Ory and Ray Gilbert .
The computer cutter does not tire during the day nor forget to cut the notches , and the operator of computer-cutting equipment does not need the skills of a manual operator .
It only takes three quick , easy steps to obtain a matching gift from your -LRB- or your spouse 's -RRB- employer to enhance your donation to the Indiana University School of Law - Indianapolis .
I was old enough at the time that I knew what was going on .
Join the Friends of Herron and get the inside scoop on the local art scene .
You know you look down and see the Pentagon burning and I thought the bastards snuck one by us .
I might add that a gift of $ 400 qualifies you for recognition in the School of Liberal Arts Dean 's Council , a critical group of supporters whose generosity does a lot to advance the calibre of the School .
` Cause we 're like , now I can say this because I 'm older or whatever and I can like deal with it , I 'm exactly like my dad .
Well-known theories of child development ` Freud 's , Skinner 's , Gesell 's , and Piaget 's , for example ` provide little comfort , since dramatic shifts in favored theories have occurred since the launching of systematic study of children about 100 years ago .
Even the Scots are likely to give them more credit than that .
That 's what they 're speculating , that 's speculation only .
for ` family hold back , ' an exhortation ensuring ample provender for guests .
In the absence of information that the crash was anything other than an accident , the White House staff monitored the news as they went ahead with their regular schedules .
The crate .
Not only are they winning awards around town but many will be presented with scholarships or gift certificates on April 30th at the annual Awards and Honors Ceremony .
Sophie turned toward the teddy bear , lifted his paw , and exclaimed , She wants a lollipop to hold in her hand !
Here are just some of the services your gift can provide .
Does she like what she does ?
Here at The Salvation Army , this is our continuous goal .
Other development applications allow designers to begin with an actual garment and make appropriate changes to achieve the desired design or construction modifications .
The importance of dialect is emphasized regularly in the press , where we read about people being killed , as in parts of India , because they use the wrong shibboleths .
I am sure I am not the first to point out Joseph Hynes 's , Do Mistake'Learn Better , -LSB- XV ,1 -RSB- mistakes in Japanizing English words , e.g. , sei fu not safe-o , nain not nine-o .
I just kept reading until I finally had read almost every one of them .
There is no fat in our budget .
The space presently occupied by the School of Law and Law Library is deficient both in quality and quantity .
Your mother was n't real happy about that .
Thank you for your past help and your continued support .
Or do would they rather you have stay in Nursing ?
To answer this question , Vygotsky pointed out , we must identify the distinctive features of make-believe play ` those that make it unique among young children 's experiences .
Other experiences are linguistic only in reverse , or only as one thinks of what the language ought to be .
He quotes an Andalusian artist , Manuel Torres , as having exclaimed of composer Manuel de Falla 's Nocturno del Generalife , Todo lo que tiene sonidos negros tiene duende -LRB- ` All that has black sounds has duende ' -RRB- .
So , that was such a racy and shocking book at that time , and so , of course , we had to read it .
Parents seemed unable to distinguish good from substandard care .
The parallels with the information integration now occurring in retail-apparel-textile channels ` this time driven by advances in computer and related technologies ` are striking .
The hijackers had planned to take flights scheduled to depart at 7:45 -LRB- American 11 -RRB- , 8:00 -LRB- United 175 and United 93 -RRB- , and 8:10 -LRB- American 77 -RRB- .
The Collins COBUILD English Language Dictionary of 1987 -LRB- Cobuild -RRB- boasts xxiv plus 1703 pages .
Your donation to the Herron School of Art and Gallery is crucial to this goal .
At that point in time , the Langley pilots did not know the threat they were facing , did not know where United 93 was located , and did not have shootdown authorization .
Knitting mills now account for almost 30 percent of production employees engaged in textile manufacturing .
Wells 's The Time Machine -LRB- 1895 -RRB- , considered by some the first work of true SF .
A perfume called Poison has appeared on the market .
OK , let me ask the question here .
American Airlines dispatchers also tried , without success .
The phrase brave new world is now synonymous with a nightmarish , technically advanced society .
Again , thanks for your support .
IUPUI is growing and so is the English Department .
Yeah , we got ta get-we got ta alert the military real quick on this .
I think uh-oh 200 pounds of mush going to be laying on the floor , I 'll never get him up you know .
Confronted with a violent Islamist movement that killed President Anwar Sadat in 1981 , the Egyptian government combined harsh repression of Islamic militants with harassment of moderate Islamic scholars and authors , driving many into exile .
At that time , and now later on she , she lives at the library just about .
To avoid New York area air traffic and uncertain about what to do , the fighters were brought down to military airspace to hold as needed .
In the late 1990s , these extremist groups suffered major defeats by Kurdish forces .
A member of the Muslim Brotherhood executed in 1966 on charges of attempting to overthrow the government , Qutb mixed Islamic scholarship with a very superficial acquaintance with Western history and thought .
On the monkey bars I used to swing up and get on top of it .
The outcome left Bin Ladin indisputably in charge of what remained of the MAK and al Qaeda .
This year I have been teaching introductory geology laboratories .
Over time , their policies - repression , rewards , emigration , and the displacement of popular anger onto scapegoats -LRB- generally foreign -RRB- - were shaped by the desire to cling to power .
For one thing , he documents many neologisms , an activity that endears him to many working lexicographers .
Students acquire experience through faculty-supervised clinics , trial practice courses , moot court , client counseling , and pro bono programs
For North Carolina ?
And that 's the way it stayed , the firefights there , in that place , and the firefights .
Here 's how YOU can make an important difference in someone 's life .
I really do n't .
Without fully realizing it , all of us speak the language of guns and cannons in our everyday conversation , and many words and phrases we spark forth date back to the era of black powder and muzzleloading .
This occurred not only because of the greater concentration of businesses in the textile industry , but because textile companies generally plan to run their expensive capital equipment at full capacity around the clock .
Well thank you so much for letting me interview you .
Oh yes , yes they did .
But it is patently ridiculous to refer to someone whose sex is known as a chairperson . Chair should be reserved for the office of the chairperson , not the person holding the office .
Are you close to your family ?
Engineers designed operations to take similar lengths of time to achieve line balancing .
Please remain quiet .
Oh yeah , I want to quit early today .
One admiral declares that he was literally thus cradled , under the breast of a gun-carriage .
Do n't you think that will be hard if you move all the way up there , not seeing them as much ?
One of our volunteers will be contacting you soon .
Do you like riding your bike a lot ?
These statements were incorrect as well .
I guess I had a friend staying overnight .
We discuss the trade-off arising from providing new products with little information on consumer demand -LRB- fashion products -RRB- and replenishing items on the basis of sales -LRB- historically limited to more basic products -RRB- in detail in Chapter 6 .
Among the subjects he touches on in his poem are street crime , unemployment , the degradation of the welfare system , tacky urban renewal projects , overcrowding , high rents and unscrupulous landlords , noise , vehicular traffic , congestion , even problems of immigration and integration .
A Big Sister is a mentor , a friend and a role model , helping a young girl to develop the self-confidence and life skills necessary to become a responsible , productive and successful adult .
The paradox of make-believe is that in everyday life , when children subordinate actions to rules , they usually give up something they want ` instead of keeping a treasured toy all to themselves , they share it ; instead of continuing to play , they clean up ; instead of watching more TV , they go to bed .
Thirty-seven passengers , including the hijackers , boarded the plane .
ordinary laborers .
And they put out the , the word that yes , they had killed him .
Uh she had a big garage that was separate from the house and almost bigger than the house it was almost like it was a barn .
Minutes later , United 175 turned southwest without clearance from air traffic control .
IUPUI envisions a complete and unified university campus , one that will become a model for public higher education for the nation 's cities .
Well , he milked the cow every morning , but that day , he could n't milk her , because the gunfire was so heavy , and because everything was falling near the house .
At a time when many dental schools are closing or cutting back on programs , Indiana University is investing in and enhancing its own future .
Probably Lois , your Aunt Lois .
Initially , his successors could be drawn from the Prophet 's contemporaries , but with time , this was no longer possible .
Enclosed is a specially prepared and entertaining crossword puzzle that challenges your knowledge about the law school .
Again , thanks for your support .
Second , a clue may name a class of objects which includes the answer , like bird for COCK .
There is no intelligent life on this planet .
Where , where are you working now ?
I urge you to support your alma mater so that we can continue to make you proud of the degree that you hold from this institution .
At very young ages , when children are just beginning to acquire culturally valued skills , they depend almost entirely on interactions with more expert cultural members to make sense of their experiences .
For W9 's exemplary precision in telling us what vocabulary entries and dictionary entries are is offset by its vagueness about which type of entry its PR-wallahs have counted for their blurb .
Corporate participation involves an annual unrestricted gift of $ 2,500 or more for Chancellors Circle or of $ 1,000 or more for Chancellors Associates .
Today we can readily buy lap-top computers with data storage capacity far greater than that entire IBM factory could have offered .
The story that it comes from the song Green Grow the Lilacs , said to have been sung at San Jacinto , is an example of folk etymology .
It really was .
In February 1996 , Sudanese officials began approaching officials from the United States and other governments , asking what actions of theirs might ease foreign pressure .
Suits and pants require thread colors that match or blend with the shell fabric , and it is important to reduce the number of thread changes the sewing operator has to make .
This year 's contribution form includes a place to indicate how your donation should be used , or just make your check out to the IGGS Scholarship Fund .
We would n't exist if the need were n't there .
To foster productivity -LRB- physical output per worker -RRB- and constrain supervisory costs , wages are paid on a piece-rate basis , providing incentives for rapid completion of the operation .
Once demand variation for each SKU was determined for our men 's coat manufacturer , its managers faced the question of how to manage the inventory of the items in its rapid replenishment collection while maintaining a smooth flow of products through the sewing room .
Not yet a reality , but often seriously discussed , is terraforming ` aitering an extracterrestrial body to make it capable of supporting Earth 's life forms .
Actually , I went back to see my doctor and when I , everything you know was fine .
In contrast , children who regarded their teachers as unsupportive were more likely to disengage , stop trying , and show declines in achievement .
Each of us needs to be ambassadors for Dentistry within our own practices , and at church , athletic and social events .
Having served thousands , the . dba is recognized as one of the nation 's largest and leading authorities on the self-employment of people with disabilities .
Uh , my mom took me for a it , um , doctor 's visit uh , it was a physical .
In addition , there was a rich collection of words relating to water , not necessarily indicating its presence .
Because you are an organization that cares , you are invited once again to be an integral part of this fabulous event as a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction ' 99 .
No , it was first told to me by my grandmother , who is , um , was my first teacher , and remains my hero .
She told him to shut-up and get her a pack of cigarettes .
Go ahead .
He quotes an Andalusian artist , Manuel Torres , as having exclaimed of composer Manuel de Falla 's Nocturno del Generalife , Todo lo que tiene sonidos negros tiene duende -LRB- ` All that has black sounds has duende ' -RRB- .
We look forward to your written response , membership support , and having the opportunity to work with you .
Well , do you remember one of those particular stories that um , might come up when you 're just sitting around reminiscing ?
It 's such a handicap not to read .
Although I do enjoy Spring and March here .
How about does um , your Dad read any stories to you ?
Has that directive been transmitted to the aircraft ?
American narratives rarely dwelt on misdeeds and , at times , even recast children 's oenses as strengths ` as indicative of quick thinking and an active , spirited disposition .
Mass customization of this sort also means that a single garment must pass through the sewing room at a time .
At 8:41 , Sweeney told Woodward that passengers in coach were under the impression that there was a routine medical emergency in first class .
Let us consider the dust-jacket blurbs of Cobuild , CED , and two other native-speaker the British Longman Dictionary of the English Language -LRB- Longman , 1984 -RRB- and the American Webster 's Ninth New Collegiate Dictionary -LRB- W9 , 1983 -RRB- .
When all the individual pieces of the garment have been modified and entered into the computer system , the final garment pattern is ready to be cut and sewn into a sample garment .
Supported by government grants , private foundations , and law firms
Do you have a chance to re-tell this story , um , in your work or to your own children ?
Genes and peers do not supplant adult agents , including parents , grandparents , aunts , uncles , family friends , and teachers .
Further , there is no universally accepted way to transliterate Arabic words and names into English .
But after September 1996 , when first Jalalabad and then Kabul fell to the Taliban , Bin Ladin cemented his ties with them .
And I said to him , I 'm not going to be able to go .
Now , as children tend their gardens , they have a new appreciation of their relationship to the land , their cultural heritage , and their community .
It 's a nice place to grow up .
The words divine afflatus thus create an unforgettable image jejune like a gumdrop
The Czech playwright Karel Kapek was the creator of robot a ` machine which replaces a man ' in R.U.R.
Can you retell the story ?
Um , I 'll definitely be ready for the change .
Air Force One departed at about 9:54 without any fixed destination .
This fall alumni and students at the Indiana University School of Law Indianapolis will initiate several programs to encourage alumni support for the school .
oy not so much a word as an entire vocabulary , as Rosten can express any emotion , from trivial delight to the blackest woe .
And the scope of The Salvation Army 's services extends far beyond this community .
They seem to have him on a primary radar .
Big Sisters helps fill that void by matching caring , responsible adult volunteers with at-risk girls , ages 8-14 .
Now where did you , when you were hearing these stories , your mother was telling them to you , where were you living at the time ?
-LSB- From a review of Handel 's Tamerlano in the issue of Stereo Review .
Chapter 4 -LRB- The Building Blocks of Lean Retailing -RRB- describes how the essential elements of lean retailing ` bar codes
YMCA of Greater Indianapolis RLYOC-Urban Mission July 29 , 1999 Page 2
' The barn was the building for storing barley .
All five hijackers passed through the Main Terminal 's west security screening checkpoint ; United Airlines , which was the responsible air carrier , had contracted out the work to Argenbright Security .
Thank you for your continued financial support , and for remaining alert for neighbors who need a helping hand .
Communicate with high warmth , using a positive emotional tone and providing explanations and justifications for your expectations .
Journalists and other commentators have sometimes taken a facetious view of the situation , suggesting that person , itself , is sexist because - son denotes ` male offspring , ' that words like manhole are sexist , and that even woman -LRB- wo + man -RRB- is sexist .
Bin Ladin shares Qutb 's stark view , permitting him and his followers to rationalize even unprovoked mass murder as righteous defense of an embattled faith .
Now you watch a lot of television do n't you ?
Mihdhar did not trigger the alarm and was permitted through the checkpoint .
We are going back to the airport .
There you are .
Do you still want to be a nurse or -- ?
First , preschoolers easily misunderstand televised material .
The other name , native well is , as a later explorer David Carnegie , author of Spinifex and Sand -LRB- 1898 -RRB- , points out , a misnomer .
The President apparently spoke to Secretary Rumsfeld for the first time that morning shortly after 10:00 .
Men 's clothing has generally been made in long production runs with only small variations among styles in a given year and relatively little change from year to year .
Short leaves of 6 weeks or less -LRB- the norm in the United States -RRB- were linked to maternal anxiety and depression and negative interactions with babies .
It is useful to outline the ordering and manufacturing processes on a weekly basis to see how this manufacturer 's inventory policies might differ for the two different sizes .
The history , culture , and body of beliefs from which Bin Ladin has shaped and spread his message are largely unknown to many Americans .
Witness the following conclusion by a researcher who compared American with Japanese infant rearing An American mother-infant relationship consists of two individuals ... a Japanese mother-infant relationship consists of only one individual , i.e. , mother and infant are not divided .
Lockean ideas provided the footing for American behaviorism , launched by John Watson in the early 1900s and built by B. F. Skinner into a powerful mid-century theoretical force heralding the supremacy of environment in its belief that behavior is shaped by external stimuli .
What is counterproductive is the notion that speakers of a language have to recognize semantic they do n't recognize it , they create it .
Infants tried all manner of signals ` facial expressions , vocalizations , and body movements ` to get their mother or father to respond again .
Unfortunately , children are riveted by a character 's aggression and miss the caring message .
It is a pivotal time in the life of a young girl-when small changes in her behavior , or the choices she makes , can affect her future .
The book just tied right into it .
Can sort shapes into categories .
No , he is a hijack .
I love it !
A common sight in China -LRB- either one -RRB- is two individuals closely observing the upturned , outstretched palm of one while the other draws ideographs on that palm with a forefinger .
Just how does imaginative play help children distinguish ideas from the enticing stimuli around them and use thought to guide behavior ?
The story disclosed that adults realize a long service is hard for a small boy to sit through , but exercising self-restraint and participating in communal rituals bring praise and acceptance from the community .
acolyte usage of this word varies from one time , culture , and religion to another .
We 've helped people break free of the welfare cycle .
In addition , we will have soft drinks and a raffle , so that you can walk home with a great prize !
In some respects , it may not be long before certain aspects of dialect geography will be largely historical .
The President 's motorcade departed at 9:35 , and arrived at the airport between 9:42 and 9:45 .
History and Political Context Few fundamentalist movements in the Islamic world gained lasting political power .
In those countries where dialect study is undertaken , dialectologists observe that there are today many factors militating against the strict maintenance of older dialect the standardization of terminology as adopted by national periodicals , news services , radio , and television ; the establishment of prestige dialects and , through the media , their promulgation ; and the huge population shifts that have taken place , particularly in the U.S. since WWII .
Because of this , most expensive automation equipment is concentrated in preassembly , drawing on multi-shift operations .
Many more camper referrals are coming from new organizations such as school social-workers and family counseling agencies .
We serve a classic Tuscan meal that includes a Florentine terrine made with dick and chicken livers .
Probably one of the first ones that was ever read to me the first one I can remember is my cousins Mary and Glenda reading Trumpet the Dog .
How about um , your motorcycle ?
Bin Ladin , whose efforts in Afghanistan had earned him celebrity and respect , proposed to the Saudi monarchy that he summon mujahideen for a jihad to retake Kuwait .
Of course , at that time my rent was $ 50.00 a month .
This sort of misnomer leads Carnegie to suppose that to the uninitiated no map is so misleading as that of West Australia where lakes are salt-bogs without surface water , springs seldom run , and native ` wells ' are merely tiny holes in the rock , yielding from 0 to 200 gallons .
And that 's like I can totally see my dad in my personality .
-LRB- Points again to the bottom of the puzzle -RRB-
It is far less than is available at most law schools including Bloomington spent $ 279,000 for scholarships during the same time period !
The field is about 100 years old .
It was n't always like that .
Oh , can you think of any other stories ?
You can see from the enclosed newspaper article the quality and diversity of those who receive this honor .
Bin Ladin said in his ABC interview that he and his followers had been preparing in Somalia for another long struggle , like that against the Soviets in Afghanistan , but the United States rushed out of Somalia in shame and disgrace .
Jarrah was in seat 1B , closest to the cockpit ; Nami was in 3C , Ghamdi in 3D , and Haznawi in 6B .
Inside the National Military Command Center , the deputy director of operations and his assistant began notifying senior Pentagon officials of the incident .
I am inclined to prefer perjink and its derivatives .
Somebody who obviously that English was not their first language , but they wrote a book ?
Um , not really anything unusual .
Parental oversight and involvement in children 's TV viewing are essential for two reasons .
Thousands of Hoosier motorists have been doing just that by purchasing environmental license plates .
There is a term in English for a tennis player reaching a height , for a brief stretch or longer , when he can not miss , and tennis people call it zoning . I have not heard it used in other cases , but when used it seems to equal tener duende . I do not know whether that use of duende has reached Portuguese speakers in Brazil or Portugal , but if it has not , it probably will soon , because so many Portuguese speakers are bilingual in Spanish .
Though Bin Ladin 's destination was Afghanistan , Pakistan was the nation that held the key to his ability to use Afghanistan as a base from which to revive his ambitious enterprise for war against the United States .
The firm was stocking out of the low demand items , which , as described above , suffered from relatively high demand variation .
You went treating !
Seventy-two churches in Britain were named for Cuthbert .
He returned to Afghanistan .
As Andrew Norman wrote , in a letter published in this book on page 113 , You flit freely back and forth between prescriptivism and descriptivism .
For the same time period , our alumni participation in similar firms was 31 percent to 67 percent .
SPEA has an impressive and dedicated faculty that includes inspiring teachers and distinguished scholars who are contributing to the solutions of some of our most difficult public policy and public management problems , including those concerning health , the environment , and criminal justice ; it is attracting a diverse , capable group of students ; and its graduates are making contributions in a wide range of challenging positions in the public , private , and non-profit sectors .
Do you feel like that 's a Southern thing or a NC thing , or --
Parents reported significant benefits from Girl Scouting for their daughters and themselves .
. . Defication of humankind as supreme .
Look at this .
* $ 400 will pay for one program for an entire school .
Bin Ladin saw himself as called to follow in the footsteps of the Messenger and to communicate his message to all nations , and to serve as the rallying point and organizer of a new kind of war to destroy America and bring the world to Islam .
Your child was a recent participant in a Social Health program at his or her school .
The next two chapters examine apparel operations , starting with a look at the use of information technologies and automation equipment in the preassembly stages of garment-making -LRB- Chapter 8 -RRB- and then the sewing room -LRB- Chapter 9 -RRB- .
I 've read several of his books both fiction and non-fiction books .
These undergo a natural course of development through direct contact with the environment during the first two years of life , similar to the process of exploration and discovery described by Piaget .
In high school I was , you know , 3.0 's , you knows A 's and B 's an occasional C . Now here I 'm lucky if I get a C on something .
Although new work practices are evolving in the apparel industry , many workers still specialize in one operation or at most two .
How about does um , your Dad read any stories to you ?
As a member , your voice will be added to those of others across the state , with the message that we can and must create caring communities that support families and shelter children .
They are also more willing to work toward goals that are rational and reasonable .
Instead , in a number of cases their rulers sought to buy off local Islamist movements by ceding control of many social and educational issues .
You may recall from my earlier letter regarding our 50th reunion that a room in the Union Building has been reserved for our use following the banquet on Friday .
What to make of the fact that one may be henpecked but not cockpecked ?
Vygotsky 's theory has been the wellspring of our recent appreciation of the profoundly social nature of even very young children 's imaginative play'and its wide-ranging infiuence on cognitive and social development .
Go ahead .
I also like to read things about the Civil War .
So she said , Ines went out , and opened the door and said , Bastards !
The staff member has mentioned several times to Becky that she should take the art home , but Becky does n't want to ; she wants the staff person to have it .
We do not believe that the true picture of that morning reflects discredit on the operational personnel at NEADS or FAA facilities .
Under Boolean algebra , W has the a set that is closed under the two commutative binary operations and that can be described by any of various systems of postulates all of which can be deduced from the postulates that an identity element exists for each operation , that each operation is distributive over the other , and that for every element in the set there is another element which when combined with the first under one of the operations yields the identity element of the other operation < under the operations of taking intersections and unions , the subsets of a given set form a Boolean algebra
The reasons are technical , arising from the way the software processed radar information , as well as from poor primary radar coverage where American 77 was flying .
Your brother came to help us there .
Indeed , Hannah 's tale suggests that young children denied these supports can still profit from them later , if such supports are available and they have the fortitude to capitalize on them .
The child 's mind , then , is a profoundly social organ .
He views either of them as the instrument , the bond , of his not being able to pass on the crown to a successor of his choosing -LRB- or of his subsequent begetting -RRB- .
The union in the men 's clothing field at the time issued official publications in eight different languages .
What other kind of things do you do for your dad ?
The enterprises that compose the apparel and textile industries manufacture a wide variety of products , and the mix has also changed since the postwar era .
Your past contribution provided a direct line of support for local programs that promote health and wellness , strengthen families , invest in our children , help people become self-sufficient , and serve the elderly and disabled .
Goodwill works .
and that sounds like good ad copy to me .
The emergence of textile , apparel , and retail enterprises in the United States is full of fascinating twists .
Feckless ' spiritless , helpless , futile ` is given in all my desk dictionaries , but only Chambers has feck -LRB- nice to see a lost positive found -RRB- , which comes from effect through vowel-loss and is defined as efficacy or quality .
After completing the process of developing a demand forecast for each SKU , a retailer must determine how much of each item to stock on the shelves of its stores .
-LRB- Points again to the bottom of the puzzle -RRB-
He said the President signed off on that concept .
The manufacturer can then transport the cut parts for assembly to sewing rooms , which may be either local or out of the country .
It 's a story from The Bible .
. . I chucked him out the door and he 's not been back innerwards .
Junior may have wrecked the car and daughter may have attained the age for orthodontia .
In our sample , business units used some type of automatic spreading for about 39 percent of the volume of goods they shipped .
Yet most understand its great potential , even if they openly admit they do n't have all the answers .
Lot of times we just sit around and just reminisce and go back to the time when we were growing up .
We have found no evidence indicating that one of the hijackers , or anyone else , sat there on this flight .
Then , too , there have been the campaigners who have gone to what some regard as opposite if the head of a committee is known to be a man or a woman , then chairman or chairwoman must surely be the proper denotation ; if the sex of the person is not known , then chairperson , though awkward-sounding , is the preferred form .
U.S. officials became aware of these secret discussions , certainly by March .
Pursuant to the Nunn-Lugar-Domenici Domestic Preparedness Program , the Defense Department began in 1997 to train first responders in 120 of the nation 's largest cities .
While pretending , Vygotsky explained , children repeatedly face confiicts between the rules of the make-believe situation and what they would do if they could act impulsively , and they usually decide in favor of the rules .
In the event , why not just say lithe under lento and the reverse under lithe ? -LRB- This latter piece of information is unaccountably lacking . -RRB-
As a result , they do not have to be preoccupied with those needs and , instead , can turn their attention outward , toward acquiring physical , cognitive , and social skills .
It took somebody like Slater ` an indentured apprentice for over six years at the Arkwright and Strut 's plant in Milford , England ` to ferry the plans to America .
But to deny that the oblique senses of man are still very much with us is mere optimistic folly .
The Vice President 's military aide told us he believed the Vice President spoke to the President just after entering the conference room , but he did not hear what they said .
Therefore , this year 's annual operating campaign for the Herron School of Art and Gallery is focusing on the need for funds to help maintain the facility and our programs .
Case 2 : Multiple Plants and Production Planning
About five minutes after the hijacking began , Betty Ong contacted the American Airlines Southeastern Reservations Office in Cary , North Carolina , via an AT&T airphone to report an emergency aboard the flight .
It was n't bad , The wine jogged my thoughts back to Muscat Ramble . Muscatel is made from muscat grapes , is sometimes called muscat , and , being relatively cheap and sweet and high in alcohol content , is the booze of choice for a great many wines .
Whether clerical workers or executives , the majority confirmed the parental state of mind just They complained of overly long workdays and frenetic home lives .
Lakeside city located inside the embankment or on top of it
Twenty-three when he arrived in Afghanistan in 1980 , Bin Ladin was the seventeenth of 57 children of a Saudi construction magnate .
-LSB- From a review of Handel 's Tamerlano in the issue of Stereo Review .
The use of modern design tools and information technology can collapse the design time so that managerial decision-making becomes the longest step in the process ` and even the time for that step can be shortened with information technology .
And storytelling applies ?
If a retail customer pays a premium for a custom pair of jeans , dress shirt , or suit , that customer will expect the item to be delivered to her home within days , not weeks or months .
This book is a good introduction to the subject -LRB- in England -RRB- ; those familiar with dialectology in America , and those interested in the study in England or , indeed , generally would be well advised to add Word Maps to their libraries .
All my digits um , still work .
You 've got three kids now .
Lewin had served four years as an officer in the Israeli military .
As a member of the Law Alumni Board -LRB- Board of Visitors -RRB- you are quite well acquainted with the programs , progress and problems of the law school .
If any of us at the dental school can be of assistance , please write or call .
So if there are something interesting or something worried , please give me a call at any time .
Real currently , what do you enjoy reading at the present ?
In the course of a long night , two Black Hawk helicopters were shot down , 73 Americans were wounded , 18 were killed , and the world 's television screens showed images of an American corpse dragged through the streets by exultant Somalis .
And I 'm like , I 'm trying to convince him to , you know , if I do n't make it and there 's a strong possibility I wo n't , I know that , I 'm not stupid , I 'm nor going to go to L.A. and make five million or more than that --
Ever since the Islamist regime came to power in Khartoum , the United States and other Western governments had pressed it to stop providing a haven for terrorist organizations .
On that occasion , Lisa had seen a ferocious dog barking behind the chain-linked fence .
And , I do n't know , it 's like my grandparents , I 'm the youngest one .
Examples of franglais which they find particularly monstrous are , I hear , to be condemned to a newly created Mus ?? e des horreurs .
Gowers , himself an Englishman , said that in Scotland , its land of origin , the pronunciation is skawn , and English people who know this so pronounce it .
NORAD , what 's the situation ?
Before we take up this emerging theoretical consensus , let 's address the question of whether greater parental commitment , in the context of today 's demanding and stressful work lives , is possible .
We were putting siding on her house and beat on the door nobody comes to the door it 's summertime everybody sleeping until 10:00 .
Bin Ladin saw himself as called to follow in the footsteps of the Messenger and to communicate his message to all nations , and to serve as the rallying point and organizer of a new kind of war to destroy America and bring the world to Islam .
The importance of dialect is emphasized regularly in the press , where we read about people being killed , as in parts of India , because they use the wrong shibboleths .
She 's got all of those , and a swing and a table , too !
It is quite firm about the r - sound when it follows a vowel-sound or is at the ends of words , not dropping it as is usual with the RP but insisting that it be given full value , in various ways , as it is in Scots and Irish and , generally but not always , in the speech of most Americans except for those in New England and the South .
It was about the same time when all the space program was getting started off and I was in the first grade when the United States launched the first satellite and I was in the second grade when the first manned space capsule was sent up and because of what was going on at the time it was real interesting .
The would-be killers , who came from the Egyptian Islamic Group , had been sheltered in Sudan and helped by Bin Ladin .
That 's how I got them hundred dollars .
They seem to think that he is descending .
Or the flight attendants may just have been in their way .
Well-known theories of child development ` Freud 's , Skinner 's , Gesell 's , and Piaget 's , for example ` provide little comfort , since dramatic shifts in favored theories have occurred since the launching of systematic study of children about 100 years ago .
He said to me , You have to go , he said to me .
Denouncing waywardness among the faithful , some clerics have appealed for a return to observance of the literal teachings of the Qur ` an and Hadith .
Every time we stop I want you to get off and let whoever I 'm letting on , in and then you get back in , sit on the step .
Your gifts have helped him grow , too , by providing the training and support Joe 's tutors have needed , buying the books , Joe used , and giving him the opportunity to meet and learn with other adult learners from Indianapolis and around the country .
While we have made significant inroads , there remains much to be done and it is clear that we can not do it alone .
Information systems at apparel factories were primitive .
This book is a good introduction to the subject -LRB- in England -RRB- ; those familiar with dialectology in America , and those interested in the study in England or , indeed , generally would be well advised to add Word Maps to their libraries .
Did you go door to door ?
Consistent with Vygotsky 's concept of the zone , sensitive parents adjust the way they talk about emotions to fit children 's increasing competence .
skinflint In many parts of early America , necessities such as flint were scarce .
impregnable Non-English speakers have been known to think this means inconceivable .
Payment of $ 1,000 -LRB- or more -RRB- may be made now or at anytime before December 31 , 1993 .
Here 's how YOU can make an important difference in someone 's life .
* All times given for this conference call are estimates , which we and the Department of Defense believe to be accurate within a 3 minute margin of error .
Wal-Mart is the most well known of the early lean retailers .
Let 's Sports ! -LRB- ad for an athletic club -RRB- '
The center also contacted the West Virginia State Police and asked whether any reports of a downed aircraft had been received .
Except for its origin , in the British Interplanetary Society Journal , space warp has been restricted to fictional use .
Readiness for Narrative .
Incoming strays increased by 19 percent over the last three years and is expected to continue to climb .
As the above citations indicate , the distribution of one-letter words is quite broad , extending from The New York Times to Mother Jones , from the print world to cartoon country and TV land .
The metaphor of a scaffold has been used to describe eective adult support as children work on tasks that teach culturally valued concepts and skills .
They lived across the street from us in PA. .
In addition , there was a rich collection of words relating to water , not necessarily indicating its presence .
I look nobody is standing at the saw .
Projects such as this touch the lives of others and enhance the education of the students .
However , a donation of $ 25 or more entitles you to official membership in the Alumni Association with the privileges thereof , 1 -RRB- The right to vote in the upcoming Alumni Association Board Member elections -LRB- currently two members of the Class of ' 84 , Maureen Althert and Brian Elson serve on the Board -RRB- ; 2 -RRB- An official Alumni Association decal and membership card ; 3 -RRB- A discount on Alumni Association apparel ; and , 4 -RRB- Eligibility for the Charity Raffle , $ 500 to be given to the charity of your choice .
Anyway , the studio itself was kind a dingy , it was n't very professional .
The flight attendant reported that the flight had been hijacked , both pilots had been killed , a flight attendant had been stabbed , and the hijackers were probably flying the plane .
Slang 's space cadet ` an eccentric , especially one who is stuporous or out of touch with reality ' evolved from Tom Corbett , Space Cadet , a 1950 television series depicting the adventures of a 24th-century cadet in the Solar Guides , the interplanetary police force keeping order in the Solar Alliance .
The disadvantage of this kind of machine is that it makes seams that are not as secure as the lockstitch ; in addition , the appearance of the seam from the top and bottom of the fabric is different .
Yet the train trip across the country she will take at age 31/2 and her first day of kindergarten at age 5 may still be memorable when she is 80 .
Your donation of $ 25 , $ 50 , $ 125 , $ 250 or more will help us remain a steady source of assistance for people like Ted .
There is no fat in our budget .
Six feet five and thin , Bin Ladin appeared to be ungainly but was in fact quite athletic , skilled as a horseman , runner , climber , and soccer player .
In Charles McGregor 's words , a dictionary that says a lot about a little and one that says a little about a lot can end up roughly the same size .
In the event , why not just say lithe under lento and the reverse under lithe ? -LRB- This latter piece of information is unaccountably lacking . -RRB-
Consistent with the Confucian parental obligation , The deeper the love , the greater the correction , Chinese mothers ' misdeed stories were much longer than those of the American mothers ` in fact , the most lengthy and elaborate of all Chinese narrations .
That aircraft was United 93 .
A men 's trousers manufacturer in the early 1990s invested in modular production in some of its lines to reduce throughput times .
These are challenging times for public institutions of higher education , with legislative appropriations unable to fund schools to the level they have in the past .
And , where the reference is made in the first paragraph to the twanging release of Ulysses ' silver bow , that the bowman is not Ulysses but Apollo , shooting into the Greek camp .
How old are you talking about ?
It can help purchase clothing , school supplies , books and educational tools throughout the year .
And it 's my understanding they 've already taken a couple of aircraft out .
And sometime during the third year , they can imagine objects and events with little or no support from the real world , as when they say to a play partner , I 'm calling Susie on the phone !
The business grew and eventually , he was helping thousands nationwide .
Atone comes from the Middle English at ` at ' + on ` one .
Hand guns of the fourteenth century were equipped with touchholes ; in order to discharge such a weapon it was necessary to touch it with a torch .
Bin Ladin had an important part in this activity .
Who would want to wear such a scent ?
A moment later , the clear , high-pitched sound of the whistle could be heard over the Rabbi 's final shofar blast .
That 's what they 're speculating , that 's speculation only .
Similar meetings between Iraqi officials and Bin Ladin or his aides may have occurred in 1999 during a period of some reported strains with the Taliban .
Yeah , that 's true .
In the Roman Catholic Church , for example , women can function as acolytes -LRB- one of the minor orders of the diaconate -RRB- but may not be officially installed as acolytes .
After the Soviet Union 's twenty-year ban on Vygotsky 's writings was lifted in the mid-1950s , his major works reached the West .
Kids probably wonder what God looks like .
Yeah , he 's down .
One may well wonder what Miss Stowe had in mind when , in Uncle Tom 's Cabin -LRB- Chapter 5 -RRB- , she narrates how Mrs.
He passed this inspection .
The old standby , Nuit de Paris , is all right -LRB- provided you hit the right nuit -RRB- .
Now what about your mom ?
A spiritual guide for both , but especially the Islamic Group , was the so-called Blind Sheikh , Omar Abdel Rahman .
In general , the definitions in W have been clarified , simplified , and made more precise in L . Also , the citations in W have either been omitted , where unnecessary , or paraphrased , and sources are not given .
The interest in man 's forebears did not become fashionable upon the publication , a few years ago , of Roots : on a far larger scale , we have been trying to discover all we can about the origins not of men but of man .
In Algeria , where in 1991 Islamists seemed almost certain to win power through the ballot box , the military preempted their victory , triggering a brutal civil war that continues today .
Indeed , the central purpose of language , from its moment of emergence , is communication , social contact , infiuencing surrounding individuals .
One scholar from the fourteenth century from whom Bin Ladin selectively quotes , Ibn Taimiyyah , condemned both corrupt rulers and the clerics who failed to criticize them .
We can not accomplish this goal without the financial help of our alumni and friends .
Unfortunately , with this famous Lipschitz diamond comes also the famous Lipschitz curse .
' However , similar expressions in French , Spanish , and Judezmo , all mentioning numbers , give pause -LRB- they are listed in Jewish Language Review 7 , 1987 , p.
It was always warm .
Sometimes I gave up , as when pointing to my temples -LRB- white -RRB- brought shampoo rather than the desired bleach .
I find it difficult to imagine a people more hospitable , more generous with their time , than the Japanese who took care of me .
The funds go directly to the students ' tuition .
For example , Webster 's Ninth New Collegiate Dictionary -LRB- 1986 -RRB- defines a man-about-town as a wordly and socially active man .
But , uh , I guess I did that for it must have been close to , um , a year and a half maybe , and then I decided not , and ended up leaving .
They say we 're going up in the mountains to find some snow .
The second radio transmission , 35 seconds later , indicated that the fight was continuing .
Fifty-six passengers boarded the flight .
This was United 175 's last communication with the ground .
Please send any survival tips for third and fourth year dental students to me , in care of IUSD !
Man as a False Generic , M and S question whether the definitions 2 .
One of the most significant changes in retail inventory management in recent years has been the introduction of vendor-managed inventory ? -LRB- VMI -RRB- programs , also known as Continuous Replenishment Programs -LRB- CRP -RRB- or Continuous Product Replenishment -LRB- CPR -RRB- .
Consider a series of studies that examined length of maternity leave in relation to employed mothers ' psychological well-being and parenting behaviors .
As shown in the cases studied in Chapter 7 , production-cycle time and inventory carrying costs are two crucial parameters in making rapid replenishment sourcing decisions .
This is not newsletter .
After it has been installed , the DOS , as it is called -LRB- once identified , nothing in computerese is ever called by its full name a Personal Computer becomes a PC ; a Disk Operating System becomes a DOS ; if it is made by a company called MicroSoft , it is called MS/DOS -RRB- , performs certain functions , though rarely any that anyone but a computer specialist would want to perform .
The combined impact of these factors is captured by the following trends .
But uh , we hear a lot about home and how it used to be and like I said walking five miles to school and --
The following appears , in bold italics , on page 8 :
-RRB- In some countries , puzzles of this type are called cryptograms , a name we shall use from here on .
Bin Ladin saw himself as called to follow in the footsteps of the Messenger and to communicate his message to all nations , and to serve as the rallying point and organizer of a new kind of war to destroy America and bring the world to Islam .
That kind of pawkiness is fitting in a dictionary edited and published in Edinburgh and which defines pawky as a Scots word meaning drily or slyly humorous .
The controller checked his radio equipment and contacted another controller at 8:53 , saying that we may have a hijack and that he could not find the aircraft .
Consequently , Sydney begins to move toward independent solving of the puzzle .
After a lifetime of trials , Donna not only earned her GED at Goodwill , she earned a job here .
Please send your most generous gift today .
Therefore , I stand uncorrected .
Let 's get it right .
Not yet a reality , but often seriously discussed , is terraforming ` aitering an extracterrestrial body to make it capable of supporting Earth 's life forms .
It is wonderful to be able to write this letter to you as a special friend of the Leukemia Society of America .
In particular , retaining some short-cycle capacity may be advantageous for production of SKUs with higher levels of demand variation , whether because of fashion content or uncommon size ` that is , for garments that have unique design elements or are in a size few consumers wear .
If you want to keep on , that 's fine , but , so much time !
Also testifying about al Qaeda in a U.S. court was L'Houssaine Kherchtou , who told of breaking with Bin Ladin because of Bin Ladin 's professed inability to provide him with money when his wife needed a caesarian section .
From his headquarters in Jersey City , he distributed messages calling for the murder of unbelievers .
A men 's trousers manufacturer in the early 1990s invested in modular production in some of its lines to reduce throughput times .
Act today to reserve your FREE CLOCK and become a member of the National Audubon Society .
Two minutes later the transponder was turned off and even primary radar contact with the aircraft was lost .
Some family members who listened to the recording report that they can hear the voice of a loved one among the din .
In every field , women too numerous to list were involved in developing knowledge and contributing to the welfare of their societies as they did the Roman Fabiola established a hospital where she worked both as nurse and doctor , becoming the first known woman surgeon before she died in AD 399 .
You know , like I know one day I 'll have to sit down and decide if I 'm where I want to be in life or if I 'm not .
Um , what kind of things did you remember reading when you started to read ?
Markers are made by hand , tracing pattern pieces onto sheets of paper from thick , pre-cut cardboard pattern elements .
' The principal parent of Yiddish is High German , the form of German encountered by Jewish settlers from northern France in the eleventh century .
The other is of the newer , playful genre , often referred to as cryptic ; but this designation is by no means universal .
What kind of stories ?
It will provide the flexibility IUPUI needs that state appropriations can not .
Did you have lots of storybooks at your house that were read to you ?
Bells on cocktails ring .
He An air attack against North America may be in progress .
Lean retailing has also changed the way the textile industry relates to both apparel producers and retailers .
I also like to read things about the Civil War .
It had at most one or two minutes to react to the unidentified plane approaching Washington , and the fighters were in the wrong place to be able to help .
On the other hand , the shared main entry for watershed has twenty-three words in CED but 93 in Cobuild . And the word waterless is a main entry in Cobuild , explained in twenty words , whereas in CED it is naught but a so-called undefined runon ` merely mentioned , but not explained explicitly , as a sub-entry at water . So CED enters more items than Cobuild , but devotes less space to explaining them .
We 're just , we just we do n't know who he is .
The computer cutter does not tire during the day nor forget to cut the notches , and the operator of computer-cutting equipment does not need the skills of a manual operator .
That is where I happened to open this book , where I closed it , and why this review is so brief .
And he goes , Yeah , sure , I 'll take you .
Notwithstanding the valuable role he plays in inspiring nonlinguists to think about language and in informing them about myriad facets of the subject , I find it hard slogging -LRB- or , as he would probably write , sloguing -RRB- .
Your gift to the law school will be an investment in its continued excellence .
I forgot about comic books !
Is it like a gun ?
Steven Schimmele Vice President , Class of 1992
Once these manufacturing and information practices have been adopted , it should come as no surprise that they affect the performance of business units .
Unfortunately , the presentation of his linguistic argument , where the author is clearly treading on more speculative ground than in those parts dealing with outright archaeology , where he is on more familiar territory , is disorganized and repetitious .
The work in question offers nothing regarding language , so its review here is ancillary to the main function of VERBATIM .
The good news is that the teen-age birth rate has fallen almost 9 percent since 1991 .
The last two items merit comment .
Much research confirms that overloading children with input leads to disorganization of behavior .
Only smooth and clever entry into the make-believe activity ` for example , inviting the dolls and stuffed animals to get up for breakfast ` could lure Mattie into starting the real part of her day without protest .
The cockpit voice recorder captured the sounds of the passenger assault muffled by the intervening cockpit door .
He was defeated by the alerted , unarmed passengers of United 93 .
Please keep in mind , requests for donations to the Capital Campaign are separate and will be made later this month .
He tried the radios , first calling the aircraft directly , then the airline .
Besides going to Valencia for paella , the compleat traveler in Spain should experience duende . This is not easy to arrange , however , for duende , unlike paella , can not be made to order .
Again , our earlier intuition is confirmed .
He slipped the knife out of the sheath and was ready , and unembarrassed by hampering bedclothes , for the weather was hot and we had n't any .
At very young ages , when children are just beginning to acquire culturally valued skills , they depend almost entirely on interactions with more expert cultural members to make sense of their experiences .
Payment of $ 1,000 -LRB- or more -RRB- may be made now or at anytime before December 31 , 1993 .
They must induce children to develop talents , skills , good values , and a sense of accomplishment through engagement not just in activities that are easy and fun , but in ones that are meaningful and challenging ` that help them sustain eort in the face of diculty , overcome obstacles , and advance to greater heights .
Because , well , no , Ines was putting up an argument that - , when he told her , No , he said , e , Luis Alonso , I may be going to die , he said , because so much blood loss , he said .
At 8:48 , while the controller was still trying to locate American 11 , a New York Center manager provided the following report on a Command Center teleconference about American 11 :
Yet our roots go much deeper .
Each year Cathedral High School makes a general solicitation of parents , alumni and friends .
The bankruptcy of secular , autocratic nationalism was evident across the Muslim world by the late 1970s .
And it was nice talking to you .
Simply increasing inventory for all SKUs would be a poor allocation of investment , further increasing the order-fill rate for those SKUs for which service levels are already high .
You can help make this valuable program available to many persons who are not currently benefiting from dental care .
In the felled seams of shirts and jeans , for example , the visible stitches might be of a color designed to decorate the garment .
Although I do enjoy Spring and March here .
FAA headquarters is ultimately responsible for the management of the National Airspace System .
The traditional system of apparel assembly was designed to minimize the direct labor costs of assembly , not production throughput time .
When 3 - and 4-year-olds use their newfound capacity to talk about mental states during play with friends , their understanding of false belief improves further .
But duende has deeper vibrations , evoking for its disciples the very ethos of Spain .
Children 's social exchanges begin to infiuence their ways of thinking more profoundly than before , permitting them to acquire competencies in keeping with the requirements of their families and communities .
At 10:02 , the communicators in the shelter began receiving reports from the Secret Service of an inbound aircraft-presumably hijacked-heading toward Washington .
Your gift will help us reach our immediate goal of awarding at least one scholarship to a student for the fall semester of 1993 , and our long-term goal of awarding several $ 5,000 scholarships each year .
Condo living , the spread of AIDS through prostitutes and veterinary surgery .
All of this is a minor irritation to the user , but Philip Gove wanted to save space at all costs .
The campus also can serve as a community forum , sponsoring public lectures by authorities on issues in the news .
Outraged , several Libyan members of al Qaeda and the Islamic Army Shura renounced all connections with him .
If the average American uses from three to five thousand different words each day , the chances are everybody in this country will use three or more Texican words .
However , I am sure there will be other items that will be needed in the new facility to enhance the educational experience of students , including graduate students .
If you help me , I said , to move my livestock to Chapeltique .
They also raise grave concerns about the recent proliferation of expensive commercial early learning centers , in which infants are barraged with letter and number fiashcards and slightly older toddlers are drenched in a full curriculum of reading , math , science , art , music , gym , and more .
Indeed , retailers like Wal-Mart Stores , Kmart Corporation , and Dillard 's Inc. have been the driving forces behind changes in manufacturing and logistics systems in a way that was unheard of in Bond Stores ' time .
This fund has given us , the members of the Indiana Dental Association , the opportunity to make a direct investment in the quality of dental education in our state .
If a hijack was confirmed , procedures called for the hijack coordinator on duty to contact the Pentagon 's National Military Command Center -LRB- NMCC -RRB- and to ask for a military escort aircraft to follow the flight , report anything unusual , and aid search and rescue in the event of an emergency .
I think uh-oh 200 pounds of mush going to be laying on the floor , I 'll never get him up you know .
For instance , in 1995 , the Labor Department sponsored the Apparel Industry Partnership , in which a number of U.S. apparel manufacturers , UNITE ! , the National Consumers League , the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility and others agreed to monitor compliance with labor standards of contractors .
International Trade Commission , U.S. imports of textiles and apparel from China and two of the traditional Big Three Asian suppliers ` Hong Kong and Korea ` continued to decline in 1996 , when these countries together with Taiwan , accounted for 23 .
Seizing on symbols of Islam 's past greatness , he promises to restore pride to people who consider themselves the victims of successive foreign masters .
So you 'll go back to school if that does n't work out ?
Of those beginning prenatal care in the first trimester , Indiana mothers rank in the lower third of individuals receiving such care nationwide .
She uses speech derived from that conversation to refiect on the thunder , allay her fear , and help her wait until Deb 's task is finished and they can go inside .
Once inside , Vice President Cheney and the agents paused in an area of the tunnel that had a secure phone , a bench , and television .
The balance comes from fees , special events , grants and individual gifts .
I was on this earth you know , I 've lived on this earth for some reason , I just do n't know what it is yet .
Notwithstanding the valuable role he plays in inspiring nonlinguists to think about language and in informing them about myriad facets of the subject , I find it hard slogging -LRB- or , as he would probably write , sloguing -RRB- .
How old would you say you were when your cousins were doing this reading ?
As the tax year draws to a close I would like to urge you to make a tax deductible contribution for the support of Women 's Studies .
How did Bin Ladin-with his call for the indiscriminate killing of Americans-win thousands of followers and some degree of approval from millions more ?
' However , similar expressions in French , Spanish , and Judezmo , all mentioning numbers , give pause -LRB- they are listed in Jewish Language Review 7 , 1987 , p.
Eventually , the shelter received word that the alleged hijacker 5 miles away had been a medevac helicopter .
From there that was kind of frustrating me a little bit , going into , um , sessions every day or every night and having 15 people around me smoking fat blunts , drinking forties of Old English , and really not getting a whole lot of stuff done that was , it was , it was just depressing .
As I recall , I 've never asked you for a contribution ... until now .
Yeah that 's one that I like .
I recently purchased a new computer , and , because it operated on a system different from the one of my old computer , I asked a few friends to recommend a word-processing package that I might.find useful .
I feel like I 'm letting them down , so to , so to speak .
And you where do you live now ?
Specifically , our manufacturer checked inventory of every item each week .
In the matter of pronunciations of BrEng names , it is an old-fashioned fantasy of Americans that Brits go round saying POM-frit for Pontefract : most Brits that I have heard give the name a spelling pronunciation these days ; and so with many of the old shibboleths .
How about when you were in school ?
The remaining 20 percent are either invented -LRB- laser , bogus , splurge -RRB- or have been borrowed from more than 200 other languages or dialects from Arabic to Zulu .
Well , it would probably been things like living back in the hills of TN and having to ride a mule to school , things like that .
A local software company has generously donated a complete analysis of our computer hardware and software needs so that the school can offer faculty and students the most up-to-date information technology .
When are you going to that ?
We provide free counseling and support services to them through our office in Birmingham , and we have camping and adventure services for them here on our Lake Martin Campus .
During the course of the morning , there were multiple erroneous reports of hijacked aircraft .
This time , it was MUSCAT RAMBLE .
As the above clues demonstrate , a Graphic CE should be accompanied not only by a flag but also by a Semantic CE .
The lines further from the trend line indicate the range with a likelihood of 90 percent .
Figure 14.5 shows our basic results in regard to average profit margin for different levels of technology adoption .
And I remember that being , appearing to be so far in the future .
I need to wipe this up !
Lancame has begun to market a line of cosmetics called Nios ?? me , which lexics -LRB- opposite of dyslexics -RRB- may read as Noisame , a singularly unimaginative name for a it ranks with product names like Anusol -LRB- regardless of its pronunciation in commercials -RRB- .
Nothing I can remember that I got hurt .
Our goal is to award scholarships in the amount of $ 5,000 to first-year minority dental students to pay for supplies and equipment required in the first academic year .
Regardless of how customization was done in the past , consumers paid more for the end product .
By some accounts , he had been interested there in religious studies , inspired by tape recordings of fiery sermons by Abdullah Azzam , a Palestinian and a disciple of Qutb .
He did not know that other aircraft had been hijacked .
He uses cultural and religious allusions to the holy Qur ` an and some of its interpreters .
The combined impact of these factors is captured by the following trends .
During my time in senior high , and , after that , in the Army Air Force , I had other things on my mind -LRB- there was a war on , after all -RRB- , and I did n't give the MUSKRAT-MUSKAT-MUSCAT RAMBLE problem any thought .
Enclosed is a form you can complete and return to us in the postage-paid envelope .
It is difficult to place all the blame on Renfrew , for his editor should have noticed the lack of coherence .
Although by age 4 children know that not all TV programming is real , they judge TV reality according to whether the images resemble people and objects in everyday life .
I feel like I 'm letting them down , so to , so to speak .
Knit fleece goods are commonly joined by a seaming operation called over-edging in the factory -LRB- and overlocking sewing in home use -RRB- .
I mean , just mostly because my family lives up there and I enjoy being up there .
Upon entering the work force , he discovered few job opportunities that seemed to match his abilities .
Giving $ 50 club sponsor provides supplies needed for one club $ 100 camper sponsor provides one child a whole week of fun at camp .
Other development applications allow designers to begin with an actual garment and make appropriate changes to achieve the desired design or construction modifications .
The IU School of Dentistry , and our entire profession , will benefit greatly from this endowment .
Met my first girlfriend that way .
Beyond English , entry into the guild may mean acquiring a special language of education -LRB- such as French in Senegal and English in Kenya -RRB- , because many of the world 's tongues are not yet -LRB- and may not ever be -RRB- part of the circle of standardized print languages in which the work of the guild can be conducted .
It had been publicly declared years earlier , most notably in a declaration faxed early in 1998 to an Arabic-language newspaper in London .
Its institutions take many forms and survive under many different political regimes .
Last year , you gave us a contribution of $ xx , for which we , and the people you helped , are grateful .
Secretary Rumsfeld told us he was just gaining situational awareness when he spoke with the Vice President at 10:39 .
He also lost the head of his military committee , Abu Ubaidah al Banshiri , one of the most capable and popular leaders of al Qaeda .
But the long lead times they require will increasingly challenge such arrangements .
Around age 2 , children begin to pretend with less realistic toys , such as a block for a telephone .
On his way home , he shares the story with four people at a street corner .
As the above citations indicate , the distribution of one-letter words is quite broad , extending from The New York Times to Mother Jones , from the print world to cartoon country and TV land .
FAA headquarters began to follow the hijack protocol but did not contact the NMCC to request a fighter escort .
The hijackers attacked sometime between 8:42 and 8:46 .
Our goal is to award scholarships in the amount of $ 5,000 to first-year minority dental students to pay for supplies and equipment required in the first academic year .
Those who are not familiar with feminist writings may find it useful and interesting to consider a book , recently published in Britain , that is typical of the harsher brand of such works .
So you see the purpose of this fund is about need and helping worthy , but less fortunate students , who without your help would not be able to attend the school of their choice .
Not yet a reality , but often seriously discussed , is terraforming ` aitering an extracterrestrial body to make it capable of supporting Earth 's life forms .
How to protect your neighborhood against crime and Jennifer Beals , star of ` The Bride .
And , where the reference is made in the first paragraph to the twanging release of Ulysses ' silver bow , that the bowman is not Ulysses but Apollo , shooting into the Greek camp .
As we strive to continue and improve upon our efforts for the community , it is our hope that you will join us by providing Keep Indianapolis Beautiful with a generous gift .
It ca n't hurt you .
Did you read this story itself , yourself , when you were young , or was it first told to you by someone ?
I look around well he was right here .
Members receive a membership package that includes all of our educational material , a subscription to aakp RENALlFE , membership in a local chapter if applicable and assurance that your voice is heard in Washington , DC .
Mankind tacitly imposes male values on all of humanity ; manhours denies women 's work as a measure ; manpower effaces women .
It 's one of the Little Golden ?
Consider the following problematic situations that parents recently raised with
Go in for an extra long lunch .
They have the potential to shape our world and make important decisions that will affect us all .
As the above citations indicate , the distribution of one-letter words is quite broad , extending from The New York Times to Mother Jones , from the print world to cartoon country and TV land .
Because introducing changes at any step may unbalance the system as a whole , technological innovations have not easily found their way into the sewing room ` which may be out of sync with what an integrated retail-apparel-textile channel requires .
By 8:00 A.M. on the morning of Tuesday , September 11,2001 , they had defeated all the security layers that America 's civil aviation security system then had in place to prevent a hijacking .
I 'm going to cut it with the , a knife , the knot , so the cow can go and she wo n't die .
On the other hand , I do not have the hard evidence at hand and assume that the RHD does .
Think of your greatest accomplishments .
We lived between , between the border of Honduras and El Salvador .
As explained by Professor Paul W. Kroll , Chairman of the Department of Oriental Languages and Literature , University of Colorado -LRB- Boulder -RRB- , this new people called themselves by a name that was very similar to the Chinese word for ` extreme .
The military aide returned a few minutes later , probably between 10:12 and 10:18 , and said the aircraft was 60 miles out .
I just ca n't remember .
-RRB- The word and concept are Jack Williamson 's , from a 1942 story , Seetee Ship .
Before she died and she crashed on that curve .
Science fiction .
Our studies of business units with differing levels of the four practices indicate that firms with the complete set of practices achieve similar or slightly better performance in regard to the percentage of goods delivered complete and on time , although these differences between business units are not very dramatic .
Bin Ladin 's Historical Opportunity Most Muslims prefer a peaceful and inclusive vision of their faith , not the violent sectarianism of Bin Ladin .
But there , as everywhere else , nothing can interfere with progress and , regardless of the finds and their importance , the archaeologist must eventually yield to the bulldozer .
At the same time or shortly thereafter , Atta-the only terrorist on board trained to fly a jet-would have moved to the cockpit from his business-class seat , possibly accompanied by Omari .
I urge you to support your alma mater so that we can continue to make you proud of the degree that you hold from this institution .
I fact , I took you to Louisa May Alcott 's home in Massachusetts , and we , ah , umm -- .
In this period , a number of key technological changes sewing machines that made many more stitches a minute , long knives instead of shears for cutting , and pressing machines .
An Invitation to Sponsor a Bench
General David Wherley-the commander of the 113th Wing-reached out to the Secret Service after hearing secondhand reports that it wanted fighters airborne .
In the course of a long night , two Black Hawk helicopters were shot down , 73 Americans were wounded , 18 were killed , and the world 's television screens showed images of an American corpse dragged through the streets by exultant Somalis .
The Secret Service initiated a number of security enhancements around the White House complex .
Representatives from 43 different countries were in attendance .
My grandmom was pretty much a chain smoker .
One of the wife 's brothers had come .
Several are noted
They thus might give Pakistan greater security on one of the several borders where Pakistani military officers hoped for what they called strategic depth .
I firmly am committed to that .
Yet our roots go much deeper .
He says , Do n't go .
Do you remember little Pierre ?
Other flight attendants were busy at duties such as getting medical supplies while Ong and Sweeney were reporting the events .
Landing meaningful and productive employment was hard for Miyares .
During the first broadcast , the captain or first officer could be heard declaring Mayday amid the sounds of a physical struggle in the cockpit .
Between ages 3 and 4 , this detachment of make-believe symbols from the real-life conditions they stand for is well developed .
As the children gained perceptual , cognitive , and motor experiences , stimulated intact areas of the cerebral cortex compensated for the early damage .
He made a face too .
After learning that United Airlines was missing a plane , American Airlines headquarters extended the ground stop nationwide .
Too many families have separate adult-child living areas , each equipped with its own TV and other leisure pursuits so that parent-child dialogues seldom take place .
Duende meant ` hobgoblin , ' ` sprite , ' or ` ghost ' in Spanish for a long time , but it is not known when it acquired its artistic coloration .
00 in labor and transportation costs -LRB- including direct labor at the plant level ; transportation costs for fabric and other supplies shipped to the sewing plant ; the cost of transporting finished goods to the manufacturer 's distribution center , any customs fees or insurance associated with transportation , and any other costs associated with producing an acceptable unit of finished goods -RRB- .
Perhaps the second system can not access events stored by the first , making the earliest events of our lives forever irretrievable .
Recall how Sophie satisfied both teddy bear 's and leprechaun 's desire for a lollipop , when just one TinkerToy lollipop was available .
This method helps children move beyond concrete objects by looking for higher-order relationships ` in Sydney 's case , categorizing puzzle pieces by color and shape .
Each year Cathedral High School makes a general solicitation of parents , alumni and friends .
Yeah , he had a guy that would help him on Wednesdays , it was the local barber .
At the suggestion of the Boston Center 's military liaison , NEADS contacted the FAA 's Washington Center to ask about American 11 .
The simplest is for one or more of the members to simply donate one million dollars to the IGGS Scholarship Fund .
In some plants , the carts may contain up to a day 's worth of work .
Next bend , back to silver .
She reported that the pilot had announced that the flight had been hijacked , and she asked her husband what she should tell the captain to do .
My , and I somehow managed to convince my , my mother and stepfather , of the time , to uh get me a couple of turn tables and started mixing songs and scratching and doing all that D.J. stuff .
But unprofitable heavy industry , state monopolies , and opaque bureaucracies slowly stifled growth .
Thus , Step down -LRB- or back -RRB- and give me a shot was readily understood .
While Bin Ladin maintained his own al Qaeda guesthouses and camps for vetting and training recruits , he also provided support to and benefited from the broad infrastructure of such facilities in Afghanistan made available to the global network of Islamist movements .
-RRB- The word and concept are Jack Williamson 's , from a 1942 story , Seetee Ship .
Because Ballinger was still responsible for his other flights as well as Flight 175 , his warning message was not transmitted to Flight 93 until 9:23 .
It is a contraction of gung-yeh ho-dzo , ` industrial cooperation , ` and it caught on because it is easy to pronounce , as in ` Nam or the States . ` Nam by itself is no more derogatory or misleading than shortening airplane or telephone or gung-ho .
What other kind of things do you do for your dad ?
This year IUPUI is celebrating 25 years in partnership .
About someone who is in complete charge of a project , they could say , He runs things completely !
Although changes in how managers orchestrate production flow through the sewing room are starting to make a difference , shifts in the practices of shop-floor workers have more to do with new human resource policies than equipment .
Using it to bolster an argument is plainly a mistake .
For example , with a $ 5 biweekly or $ 10 monthly contributon , a person can be a Century Club member .
A century later , retailing success is often attributed to combining effective marketing with an understanding of consumer tastes .
To begin with , the adoption of bar codes came before rapid replenishment arrangements because retailers required a low-cost means of collecting information at the detailed product level for their own use ` that is , they first developed an efficient method for scanning prices at the check-out register and tracking products for internal inventory purposes .
You did n't like them ?
By 1993 , Penney was using EDI for processing 97 percent of purchase orders and 85 percent of invoices with 3,400 of its 4,000 suppliers .
This means that after sewing a bundle of items of one color , an operator must not only change the needle thread but also put in a new bobbin for each new color of fabric .
Did you notice any differences between an American writer and someone of foreign descent ?
Now , I 'm on a journey .
Barn is compounded from the Old English words beren ` barley ' + ern ` house .
Um , what do you remember any stories they told you , your parents told you ?
A local software company has generously donated a complete analysis of our computer hardware and software needs so that the school can offer faculty and students the most up-to-date information technology .
That was the deal for them to get off my back and let me do what I wanted to do .
metaschizotherium Not an over-arching , society-wide split personality , but mind blowingly enough an extinct rhino with a fivetoed foot .
Quality assembly of garments from pieces of material cut according to a particular pattern involves operations that can be carried out almost anywhere in the world .
In this chapter , we will concentrate on the past hundred years , outlining major changes in American retail , apparel , and textiles that occurred before the 1980s .
Last year , Goodwill helped 3,300 people find jobs that increased their self-sufficiency .
What about high school into college into adulthood what are some of the books that you read ?
Do you have a chance to re-tell this story , um , in your work or to your own children ?
Then the next day I do n't know if you were n't there .
Traditionally , a new apparel design was created by asking the designer/artist to make a watercolor sketch .
To recognize donors who have achieved this level , Dean Lefstein has now established the Black Cane Society .
While we have made significant inroads , there remains much to be done and it is clear that we can not do it alone .
Two of them told me yesterday that as a group they decided they had to earn the right to ask others for help by accomplishing something real to help themselves .
It is the one that goes , Dah !
Writing containing such labored figures makes for hard reading .
Lonq live Spring Creek Prairie !
It can help purchase clothing , school supplies , books and educational tools throughout the year .
As a male reader , I get strong vibrations from this book that the authors advocate the paranoid view that everything in the language that is not exactly as they would like it to be is the result of a gigantic hate program against women .
Three months later , when interviewed in Afghanistan by ABC-TV , Bin Ladin enlarged on these themes .
The story disclosed that adults realize a long service is hard for a small boy to sit through , but exercising self-restraint and participating in communal rituals bring praise and acceptance from the community .
Through the youth mapping process , it was confirmed that the positive opportunities for youth on weekend evenings were lacking .
At about 9:00 , the senior NMCC operations officer reached out to the FAA operations center for information .
Concerns over the safety of other aircraft began to mount .
Orwell constructed an alternative future in his vision of the totalitarian state , Nineteen Eighty-Four . The work has given English a small lode of the title itself connotes a society marked by government terror and propaganda destroying the public 's consciousness of reality -LRB- the OED Supplement also accepts 1984 and 1984-ish as adjective forms -RRB- ; that government 's official language , Newspeak , now indicates the propagandistic or ambiguous language of , among others , politicians , bureaucrats , and broadcasters -LRB- revenue enhancement for tax increase , etc. -RRB- ; the twisting of minds to the capacity to accept the validity of utterly contradictory opinions or beliefs , or double-think ; the book 's head of state , Big Brother , implies an apparently benevolent , but really ruthless , omnipotent , and omniscient state authority .
The President said he remembered such a conversation , and that it reminded him of when he had been an interceptor pilot .
Lexicographers constantly face problems of defining terms that , in some instances , might require a brief essay to explain and far more specialized knowledge than can reasonably be expected from the user .
Um , well I know it was before I was five , probably , I know at least four and I 'm sure she read to me before that .
On that occasion , Lisa had seen a ferocious dog barking behind the chain-linked fence .
Ask parents why they spell rather than say the words , and they remark , If you say ice cream , ' he 'll want it now .
Girl Scouting benefits Parent/child relationships .
Knowledgeable community volunteers -- people just like you -- ensure that your gift is spent wisely and that 88 PERCENT OF FUNDS RAISED GO TO HELP PEOPLE IN NEED RIGHT HERE IN CENTRAL INDIANA .
Where necessary , brief but not cryptic explanations are provided of any information that might seem to be out of the ordinary .
But duende has deeper vibrations , evoking for its disciples the very ethos of Spain .
This was accompanied by the -LRB- usual -RRB- lamentations over the murder of a fine language , the generally poor standard of English encountered in the newspapers and on radio and TV , and the observation that children can not spell or use the right tenses .
For the most part , in-plant production methods for apparel have been organized around the way in which cut parts of garments are distributed to operators for sewing and then assembled into the completed garment .
Seventy-two churches in Britain were named for Cuthbert .
Today , Bodenheim 's novel might be of interest to students of the English language because of its use of slang .
Sexually Transmitted Infections -LRB- including AIDS -RRB-
-LRB- The computer age term , spaghetti code , derives from the same pasta-related idea as macaronic , but more obviously so . -RRB-
Exercises were conducted to counter this threat , but they were not based on actual intelligence .
For example , even at age 2 , they waited patiently to open a small gift until a guest had departed ` proper etiquette in Chinese culture .
A survey of over 36,000 Indiana youth conducted by the IU Prevention Resource Center found that approximately two-thirds of substance abuse begins with this age group .
Given the volatile nature of demand in many industries , an assumption of stability is suspect , meaning that forecasts based on historical sales data may be less accurate than the historical data suggest .
On behalf of all the men , women and children in Central Indiana who will benefit from your kindness , thank you .
Just like the respect we 've earned from U.S.News and World Report .
However , the simultaneous loss of radio and transponder signal would be a rare and alarming occurrence , and would normally indicate a catastrophic system failure or an aircraft crash .
It really was .
ramrod A ramrod is a rod of wood or metal for ramming the ball and patch down the barrel of a muzzleloading firearm and setting them against the main powder charge .
There are a lot of barriers that keep people from physical and mental disabilities , history of welfare dependency and lack of education or self-esteem .
On October 29th , a BBC Radio Scotland program was running a competition in which people calling in were asked to spell ventriloquist and kibbutz -LRB- among other words , presumably -RRB- ; several callers with older voices ` they certainly were not children ` were unable to do so ; does that mean that the Scots are to be excepted from the QES campaign to compel all children to study formal grammar up to the age of 16 or that the rot set in long ago ?
And that 's why I 'm writing to you today .
The hijackers were wearing red bandanas , and they forced the passengers to the back of the aircraft .
Maggy , frightened by the booming sounds , whimpers to Deb , Scary , Mommy .
Profitability is measured as operating profit margin ` revenue minus costs of goods sold divided by revenue .
So you feel like it 's a southern thing ?
Since a second copy exceeded the first by one hundred percent , it was considered an abundance .
The centering operation is important because the diameter of a knit tube varies slightly along its length , and it is necessary to reference cutting from the midline of the tube .
They hid and , the soldiers came to the house .
No government can go against -LSB- the laws of economics -RSB- with impunity and get away with it .
The newly svelte lady surely had in mind an about-face , not a pirouette , and was lithely -LRB- as she might say -RRB- unaware that her expanded metaphor had canceled the sense of her loss -LRB- a moroxish pun ? -RRB-
The military aide returned a few minutes later , probably between 10:12 and 10:18 , and said the aircraft was 60 miles out .
The call lasted about two minutes , after which Policastro and a colleague tried unsuccessfully to contact the flight .
According to contemporaneous notes , at 9:55 the Vice President was still on the phone with the President advising that three planes were missing and one had hit the Pentagon .
Actually , I went back to see my doctor and when I , everything you know was fine .
The entire thing !
As Anselmo 's parents refrain from helping , they fuel his anger and demandingness , and ultimately his sense of helplessness .
-LRB- Tries to insert a piece in the wrong place -RRB-
Unfortunately , children are riveted by a character 's aggression and miss the caring message .
But you held it did n't you ?
Analysand , like several - nd words in English , is derived from the gerundive , and so means ` -LRB- a person -RRB- to be analyzed .
Well , it was n't light yet when the gunfire starts .
All were convinced that anything so compelling and engrossing in the life of the young child must be profoundly significant .
L 's set of symbols is somewhat closer to that of the International Phonetic Alphabet ; W follows the system used in the Third Unabridged , which is too complicated for my taste , being replete with diacritics .
I , at that time I , she just called them hanks .
He learned in the tunnel that the Pentagon had been hit , and he saw television coverage of smoke coming from the building .
The program soon expanded to other vendors , including apparel suppliers , who entered their own trading partnerships with Wal-Mart .
At 9:41 , Cleveland Center lost United 93 's transponder signal .
Manager , New York We have several situations going on here .
Consider , for example , a 9-month-old infant who has never before seen a jack-in-the-box .
F-15 fighters were scrambled at 8:46 from Otis Air Force Base .
Through the year , we also offer a number of different programs -- including scouting , basketball and after-school activities -- to help children develop talents , character and self-esteem .
Yet a few years ago , it almost closed its doors due to a lack of applicants .
In our fund raising efforts to date , we have received the support of local government , foundations , and corporations as well as the personal financial commitments of individual MCCOY Board members .
At first glance , it might appear that almost all of the cloth is used in the marker ; in fact , only 90 percent has been covered in the layout of 108 individual pieces .
My father did n't read anything in terms of what you 'd call a book , uh , but he was analytical of the Sport of Kings , and , so would peruse the paper to check on that . But , uh , my mother , uh , you know , did n't read a whole lot , but spent a lot of time reading to me , uh , my being an only child .
The killers were assumed to be rival Egyptians .
The threat of terrorists hijacking commercial airliners within the United States-and using them as guided missiles-was not recognized by NORAD before 9/11 .
It was something that they were in a position to do one time and no one before or no one since could ever reduplicate it .
It began in medieval Europe , and in the late 20th century it is everywhere in the world .
As this exchange shows , Secretary Rumsfeld was not in the NMCC when the shootdown order was first conveyed .
Because you are an organization that cares , you are invited once again to be an integral part of this fabulous event as a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction ' 99 .
An amusing example of this kind of semantic confusion will be found in Chapter XX of Aldous Huxley 's Crome Yellow . From boyhood the romantic , poetically inclined hero , Denis Stone , found the word carminative particularly evocative .
NORAD officials have maintained that they would have intercepted and shot down United 93 .
To many , it is significant that the privilege of naming , granted to Adam , was denied to Eve .
When a literate Chinese had to write about this new kingdom a problem arose as there was no charactter for the Viet .
I have enclosed a return envelope for your convenience , as well as an overview of the services we provide .
The connection between recent changes in inventory policy and the business cycle have only begun to be studied in a systematic fashion .
You never call .
Or they suggest that a confiict be solved by creating new , mutual goals .
Earth to Marvin .
There is no intelligent life on this planet .
Such fund are often used for college tuition , vocational training or a deposit on an apartment .
I hope you 'll think of Wanda and other mothers ' prayers and dreams this Mother 's Day .
The first of two case studies illustrates how demand uncertainty affects a firm 's target inventory levels .
Notwithstanding , even the brief glimpses afforded by such investigations can provide some insight into civilizations that existed hundreds or , in some cases , thousands of years earlier .
Consistent with Vygotsky 's concept of the zone , sensitive parents adjust the way they talk about emotions to fit children 's increasing competence .
Many of us also from time to time talk about a fourth estate ` the media .
You can find out more about our work and environmental developments on Beacon Hill at ELM ' s website , www.EnvironmentalLeague.org .
Do you think they 've become more ex , do you think they 've accepted more what you 've decided to do or that 's going to take a while ?
Still there is great need , especially in the way of endowed scholarships .
We reach out to kids -- especially those from disadvantaged neighborhoods where the risks are highest .
Feminists concerned about language relentlessly reveal language 's capacity to discriminate against women or to render them invisible .
There are a lot of barriers that keep people from physical and mental disabilities , history of welfare dependency and lack of education or self-esteem .
Futures for Children was founded over 30 years ago to provide unique solutions for positive and sustainable social change by placing children at the center of community decision-making and action .
He dia , diagnosed me as having acute leukemia and um , this was when I lived back in Raleigh .
Do n't they do that a lot with like Britney Spears and people like that ?
Using it to bolster an argument is plainly a mistake .
On the monkey bars I used to swing up and get on top of it .
Muscat , or muscatel , on the other hand , is found on skid rows all over the land .
For your convenience , I am enclosing a copy of Form CC-40 , which should be filed with your Indiana State Income Tax .
Mankind tacitly imposes male values on all of humanity ; manhours denies women 's work as a measure ; manpower effaces women .
I 'm going to do Education now .
The connection between recent changes in inventory policy and the business cycle have only begun to be studied in a systematic fashion .
A picture-restorer is one who cleans and restores and sometimes ruins old pictures .
On the other hand , the shared main entry for watershed has twenty-three words in CED but 93 in Cobuild . And the word waterless is a main entry in Cobuild , explained in twenty words , whereas in CED it is naught but a so-called undefined runon ` merely mentioned , but not explained explicitly , as a sub-entry at water . So CED enters more items than Cobuild , but devotes less space to explaining them .
Is it like a gun ?
It 's summertime , so it must be time for CAMP !
Children who failed to grasp the kidnapper 's motive and the reason for the arrest judged him to be good , not bad .
IUPUI 's goals for the 1990s , in the context of Indiana University 's statewide plans , call for improving undergraduate education , enhancing relationships with the community , and strengthening research that will stimulate Indiana 's economic growth .
A diskette is also called a floppy ; the reason for the name is not immediately apparent -LRB- nor why the item is called a diskette , for that matter -RRB- , but all becomes clear .
/ / The gas station part .
Since 1984 , Indy Reads -LRB- formerly the Greater Indianapolis Literacy League -RRB- has provided tutoring to adults in Marion County reading at the very lowest level of literacy .
About 20 minutes later , at 7:35 , another passenger for Flight 77 , Hani Hanjour , placed two carry-on bags on the X-ray belt in the Main Terminal 's west checkpoint , and proceeded , without alarm , through the metal detector .
I think , I think your favorite was do you remember Maurice Sendak and we would read the about Pierre and the lion .
In our sample , business units used some type of automatic spreading for about 39 percent of the volume of goods they shipped .
Parents seemed unable to distinguish good from substandard care .
Many of us also from time to time talk about a fourth estate ` the media .
You did a really good job .
Laying out a production line required exact calculation of the number of workers required for a given step to keep single garments moving through the operation continuously ` much as a car moves down an assembly line .
In recent decades , certain changes have taken place in the language that reflect voluntary choices of the words used to characterize people ; these have focused largely on the conscious and conscientious substitution of neutral , sexless words like individual -LRB- s -RRB- , person , and people for terms that normally denote only males .
One of the wife 's brothers had come .
Walked through her bedroom around 6:30 , seven o'clock in the morning you know .
She was kind of headstrong and she was , um , kind of artistic maybe , and , uh , uh , liked to have a good sense of humor .
However , despite exhaustive research , I am reluctantly forced to resort to the familiar lexical locution , ` Source unknown .
We always had books lots of books .
General Arnold later recalled instructing Marr to go ahead and scramble them , and we 'll get authorities later .
He said the President signed off on that concept .
What I liked about it was that kids were special .
However you choose to participate , I know you 'll enjoy being a part of the Herron School of Art and Gallery .
In just the past few years this program has grown from a few kids and a few extra activities to a team of almost 60 young adults taking on real projects .
Then watch your gift multiply .
Both unions established a foothold in the industry because they represented strategic workers in the apparel production the skilled cutter working inside manufacturers ' plants .
But because the iron balls and the brass holders had markedly different coefficients of expansion , the pyramids of cannonballs had a tendency to collapse during cold snaps ` weather that was cold enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey .
We 'll welcome their call and do our best to help them through the difficult time , so they can get on with their lives .
Furthermore , both language progress and an array of emergent-literacy skills can be predicted by the sheer amount of verbal interaction in the home during the first few years of life'a relationship that holds for children of all socioeconomic levels .
More likely , they read wants as meaning ` desires ' rather than ` lacks , ' but that might well be a deliberate , facetious ambiguity .
impregnable Non-English speakers have been known to think this means inconceivable .
And I remember that being , appearing to be so far in the future .
Although there have been specialized spinning and weaving mills , the great majority of output is produced in enterprises that engage in both operations .
Clusters of Supplier One Innovation Is Not Enough
There is nothing ungrammatical or wrong about saying She 's a real Johnny-comelately , but it grates .
She 's paying him for the apartment .
In early September you received an annual appeal from Herron .
The disadvantage of this kind of machine is that it makes seams that are not as secure as the lockstitch ; in addition , the appearance of the seam from the top and bottom of the fabric is different .
and so on through the whole megillah : ` long , involved story .
Fortunately , not all reports are as disturbing as Hochschild 's .
This year 's challenge is to keep pace with our growing membership through increased levels of support from every facet of the organization-board and committee members , staff , volunteers , alumni , and other friends .
How to protect your neighborhood against crime and Jennifer Beals , star of ` The Bride .
We count on your continuing interest in Sudden Infant Death Syndrome , the SIDS Alliance and our programs .
Planes , as in plural .
This can lead to a condition called imprinting , where the baby grows up thinking it is a people instead of a duck .
Essentially , he proposes that the parent of all Indo-European languages was itself born in central Anatolia , whence it spread eastward , westward , and northward , being modified by the influences of the languages with which it came into contact , till it ultimately emerged in its recognizable , modern manifestations which we categorize into Germanic , Hellenic , Italic , Indo-Iranian , Anatolian , Armenian , Celtic , Tocharian , Albanian , and BaltoSlavic .
The user is offered a choice with man - a a tiger or other animal that has acquired the habit of eating a woman given to chasing , catching and devouring men .
As work progresses through a typical sewing plant , it is also common for a special order to disrupt the flow .
And that 's the way it stayed , the firefights there , in that place , and the firefights .
It was , uh , a very established studio and had put out a lot of , um , I guess , well known artists , and it was actually , it was affiliated with Jive Records , um , and Jive Records , I guess , at the time , had , their big act was the Backstreet Boys , and they were recording the Backstreet Boys ' first American released album .
Through our support of the Annual Fund , you and I can help continue the educational tradition we enjoyed -- a strong foundation for a lifetime of continued learning and growth .
Like neither , like I 'm the first one in my family to go to college on my dad 's side .
The FAA and CIA joined at 9:40 .
Notice how , for the biological side of brain development to go forward , appropriate stimulation is essential while formation of neural connections is at its peak .
We have relied on a mix of common sense , the sound of the name in Arabic , and common usage in source materials , the press , or government documents .
He urged Muslims to read the Qur ` an and the Hadith for themselves , not to depend solely on learned interpreters like himself but to hold one another to account for the quality of their observance .
The Annual Appeal is one of two Girl Scout initiatives you will hear about in 1996 .
Thus , while the fighter pilots under NORAD direction who had scrambled out of Langley never received any type of engagement order , the Andrews pilots were operating weapons free-a permissive rule of engagement .
Best of all , probably , was the unintentional but unavoidable hilarity roused by Hattie McDaniels , Butterfly McQueen , and Vivien Leigh as they jabbered and squeaked in Japanese about Ashley Wilkes , Mista Rhett , and the fall of Atlanta .
Overall , parents complain that they have less free time to spend with their children .
There is conflicting evidence about when the Vice President arrived in the shelter conference room .
The other maintains extensive information systems , which allow it to send , receive , and process information on retail demand , orders , and shipments ; advanced information technology also helps it plan manufacturing capacity so that the firm can engage in short-cycle production .
I look out the window and there he 's booking across the yard heading for the house .
I did n't do a lot of reading .
Upon entering the work force , he discovered few job opportunities that seemed to match his abilities .
According to one report , Saddam Hussein 's efforts at this time to rebuild relations with the Saudis and other Middle Eastern regimes led him to stay clear of Bin Ladin .
A response card is enclosed for your convenience .
As for stalemate , which is related to checkmate , would it not have been important to indicate that the - mate part has nothing to do with English , having been borrowed from checkmate which is a loanword from Persian -LRB- and has nothing to do with check , either -RRB- .
While this was being discussed by executives at FAA headquarters , the Command Center ordered one at 9:25 .
The operator must first select the work to be done , put aside the tickets that indicate she performed the sewing appropriate for those bundles and should be paid at the specified rate for the job , open the appropriate bundles , and position the pieces to be joined on the sewing table in preparation for sewing .
The controller understood , but chose to Calling Cleveland Center , you 're unreadable .
The Herron School of Art and Gallery at IUPUI is contemporary art !
So anyway , so we , uh , got some response and , and kind of adjusted things , but after , uh , after a while we kind of went our separate ways .
A robust economy helps by providing job opportunities , but to be honest , most of the people who are n't working today are quite simply the ones who face the greatest obstacles .
The FAA , the White House , and the Defense Department each initiated a multiagency teleconference before 9:30 .
It is not clear how the shootdown order was communicated within NORAD .
At 8:52 , in Easton , Connecticut , a man named Lee Hanson received a phone call from his son Peter , a passenger on United 175 .
It 's hard enough for her to make good decisions when she 's surrounded by support .
Speed of delivery has increasingly become part of the competitive equation .
The problem was solved simply by using an already standard character that had a similar sound to what the Viet called themselves .
Um , so I began looking around for other studios that I thought might , uh , have a higher level of professionalism .
Others are from families that are struggling to provide a healthy , happy environment but do n't have the resources to make it possible .
By now , you should have received registration materials for the Fall Alumni Dental Conference .
True , there is an occasional mention in his column of a point raised by a correspondent , and the Letters section of the Magazine prints a comment from time to time , but an important feature of the books is their inclusion of far more writer-reader interaction than one might suspect from reading the column alone .
We were generously offered $ 1,000 toward the establishment of our Department 's first scholarship program .
From this and other evidence , we believe the hijacking began at 8:14 or shortly thereafter .
Our neighbor had a pool and we were kind of like the Hatfield 's and McCoy 's , they were n't very nice people and they did n't like us .
My source for the preceding is Charles Fountain 's engaging biography of Frazier , Another Man 's Poison , Globe Pequot Press , Chester , CT , 1984 .
Yeah on some of the songs yeah .
Parents must ask questions like
All five hijackers passed through the Main Terminal 's west security screening checkpoint ; United Airlines , which was the responsible air carrier , had contracted out the work to Argenbright Security .
Lancame has begun to market a line of cosmetics called Nios ?? me , which lexics -LRB- opposite of dyslexics -RRB- may read as Noisame , a singularly unimaginative name for a it ranks with product names like Anusol -LRB- regardless of its pronunciation in commercials -RRB- .
So what is the explanation of the phrase cold enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey ? Well , the obvious one , I believe .
In those countries where dialect study is undertaken , dialectologists observe that there are today many factors militating against the strict maintenance of older dialect the standardization of terminology as adopted by national periodicals , news services , radio , and television ; the establishment of prestige dialects and , through the media , their promulgation ; and the huge population shifts that have taken place , particularly in the U.S. since WWII .
These newest Scholars bring the number to ten -- ten who , like Christa McAuliffe , will touch the future .
I hope that you agree that these activities are essential to being a part of a world community .
The best traditional retailers were also good at merchandising .
Southern manufacturers had already adopted steam engines for textile production , along with newer and more productive technology .
She responded by throwing down the block and turning to another activity .
That 's the latest report we have .
He appointed a new financial manager , whom his followers saw as miserly .
I am sure I am not the first to point out Joseph Hynes 's , Do Mistake'Learn Better , -LSB- XV ,1 -RSB- mistakes in Japanizing English words , e.g. , sei fu not safe-o , nain not nine-o .
Often , an entry offers nothing in the way of etymology and merely explains the meaning .
Sam Hinton 's The Meaning of Scientific Names -LSB- XI ,1 -RSB- , I have had an experience which , in true biological tradition , will probably make me mildly notorious in perpetuity .
An Invitation to Sponsor a Bench
Yeah , I know he had on pants , he had on a long sleeve I think the cuffs were rolled up once or twice .
Did he ever tell you any other stories ?
How many of these dresses will sell this season ?
24,000 community volunteers pick up 2 million pounds of litter , plant 1,200 trees and paint 50 homes for the poor and elderly .
Bin Ladin has stated flatly , Our fight against these governments is not separate from our fight against you .
That is , this is the last such request that will be penned from the Cavanaugh Hall address .
-LRB- The computer age term , spaghetti code , derives from the same pasta-related idea as macaronic , but more obviously so . -RRB-
Wisdom on the scone - pronunciation issue was shown by Sir Ernest Gowers in his 1965 revision of H.W.
American also began getting identifications of the hijackers , as Ong and then Sweeney passed on some of the seat numbers of those who had gained unauthorized access to the cockpit .
I could n't have done it .
Let us consider the dust-jacket blurbs of Cobuild , CED , and two other native-speaker the British Longman Dictionary of the English Language -LRB- Longman , 1984 -RRB- and the American Webster 's Ninth New Collegiate Dictionary -LRB- W9 , 1983 -RRB- .
Any of these
This occurred not only because of the greater concentration of businesses in the textile industry , but because textile companies generally plan to run their expensive capital equipment at full capacity around the clock .
More subtle and less readily articulated objections probably exist .
The kids need your leadership now more than ever .
New initiatives in the inner-city are taking hold .
She might add that there is a 50 percent probability that demand will fall between six and thirteen units .
It is based on an array of selective and equivocal findings , mustered to convince readers that parenting eects are confined to how children behave in parents ' presence and do not extend beyond the home .
But the longer term viability of American textile centers will depend on the development of infrastructures capable of supporting advanced textile production in countries close to the U.S. market , such as Mexico and elsewhere in Latin America .
They typically determined the specifications of the goods purchased , the volume purchased , and the price to be charged to customers at retail .
Mihdhar did not trigger the alarm and was permitted through the checkpoint .
It was , when the first one arrived , the first soldier , and he said , Er , ma'am , make , he said , some four , six rations , he said , because plenty of soldiers have come , and I 'm going to inform the other houses .
Of course it ca n't be published because all those things are copyrighted , but my mother made up the story and I thought it was very nice and I still have it , uh , handwritten , uh , in our file here .
The decreasing lead time of the quick-line plant makes it competitive at a lower inventory carrying cost .
Levi 's uses proprietary software to make these modifications , but other software systems are commercially available for modifying standard patterns and producing a marker to guide fabric cutting .
And now as a trustee for our local Chapter , I 'm seeing first hand how our volunteer efforts are paying off for kids like Nicholas .
I feel like it 's that way everywhere .
The work in question offers nothing regarding language , so its review here is ancillary to the main function of VERBATIM .
It was a series of little fiction stories , and my mother must have read me every single one of them .
An understanding that , above anything else , success requires genuine effort , a willingness to set challenging goals .
bite the bullet If you visit a Revolutionary War battle site , like Fort Ticonderoga , you may see some gruesome artifacts in its museum ` bullets with teeth marks in them .
Look at this .
FAA controllers at Boston Center , which had tracked the first two hijackings , requested at 9:07 that Herndon Command Center get messages to airborne aircraft to increase security for the cockpit .
-LRB- The Amalgamated and ILGWU merged in 1995 to form the Union of Needletrades , Industrial and Textile Employees ` or UNITE ! -RRB-
As for Allah K. Swit , he must have been one of their tribal deities .
The reception is scheduled for Thursday , April 29 , -LRB- 6:00 -7:30 p.m. -RRB- at the Hyatt Regency .
I was asleep , but Luigi was awake , and he thought he detected a vague form nearing the bed .
As surveys have shown that etymological information is the least often sought after , making the average user wade through the etymology before getting to the definition has always seemed pointless and irritating to me ; besides , it is unlikely that the serious , consistent seeker of etymological information is likely to use anything but the OED or a major etymological dictionary .
Yeah , I have a son that uh , likes to relive the tragedy of his split lip .
F-15 fighters were scrambled at 8:46 from Otis Air Force Base .
Bin Ladin 's Historical Opportunity Most Muslims prefer a peaceful and inclusive vision of their faith , not the violent sectarianism of Bin Ladin .
Focusing on these two definitions , it must be conceded that naive users who did not know the meaning of Boolean or of Boolean algebra before going to either dictionary are unlikely to come away any the wiser .
The NMCC officer who participated told us that the call was monitored only periodically because the information was sporadic , it was of little value , and there were other important tasks .
The Vice President was mistaken in his belief that shootdown authorization had been passed to the pilots flying at NORAD 's direction .
They enabled the passengers to gain critical information , including the news that two aircraft had slammed into the World Trade Center .
In the most extreme case , a stock-out might cause a customer to switch retailers , costing the lifetime value of that customer and others who might defect due to negative word-of-mouth .
This group of nations provided 39 percent of all apparel imports in 1964 and 51 percent of all apparel imports by 1988 -LRB- measured in square-meter equivalents , a measure of quantity -RRB- .
And then , well , we found out that my brother had been admitted , until they took out th , that -LRB- fragment0 , they let him come , but now he did n't come , he went to , to the department of education and asked a transfer , they did n't deny it to him , they transferred him to another place immediately .
One thing in particular she used to save would be soup labels .
One spoke very little English and one spoke excellent English .
And I 'm like , I 'm trying to convince him to , you know , if I do n't make it and there 's a strong possibility I wo n't , I know that , I 'm not stupid , I 'm nor going to go to L.A. and make five million or more than that --
You may recall from my earlier letter regarding our 50th reunion that a room in the Union Building has been reserved for our use following the banquet on Friday .
Did you ever see the ghost ?
The Annual Appeal is one of two Girl Scout initiatives you will hear about in 1996 .
The Vice President was wondering how the hell could a plane hit the World Trade Center when he saw the second aircraft strike the South Tower .
Britain and North America are not only literate , but dictionarate .
At 8:26 , Ong reported that the plane was flying erratically .
Thanks to our Big Sisters volunteers , these young people are self-confident , believe in themselves and are beginning to realize their full potential .
Each of us needs to be ambassadors for Dentistry within our own practices , and at church , athletic and social events .
Uh Asimov , he died about 8 years ago but I still find one or two of his that I had n't read yet .
Its overall influence is profound but undiscussed , although aspects of that influence are discussed constantly , under headings like language , education , standards , literacy , literature , science , and medicine .
We had a great big book of Grimm 's Fairytales , and looking back on that they were grim !
Many Americans have wondered , Why do ` they ' hate us ?
And , um , my junior year of high sch , high school , we moved into like the city , the west side of Charlotte , and I went to West Meck , and that was a , um , culture experience , \ \ I guess \ \ .
Let me emphasize by further extending , in the quote above .
The controller knew American 11 was hijacked ; he was focused on searching for it after the aircraft disappeared at 8:46 .
This is New York Center .
The Collins COBUILD English Language Dictionary of 1987 -LRB- Cobuild -RRB- boasts xxiv plus 1703 pages .
It truly was my life in high school .
So it 's , it 's written , as opposed to oral ?
Although each has made valuable contributions to our understanding , a new , more powerful view of the meaning of young children 's play has arrived on the scene , thanks to Vygotsky 's sociocultural theory .
Hold it as long as you can .
Imaginative play , Vygotsky noted , also functions as a bridge from the concrete thought of the preschool and early school years to mature adult thought , which can be totally free of real situations .
The balance comes from fees , special events , grants and individual gifts .
Again , let me assure you that we would appreciate receiving one million dollars from you and each of our 161 alumni .
They are also more willing to work toward goals that are rational and reasonable .
The reasons are technical , arising from the way the software processed radar information , as well as from poor primary radar coverage where American 77 was flying .
Our free educational programs can save lives .
Muslims believe that these revelations , given to the greatest and last of a chain of prophets stretching from Abraham through Jesus , complete God 's message to humanity .
We 'd basically coasted down into town and got about 50 gallons of kerosene and pumped it in the fuel tank so that so that the fuel would actually run through the fuel lines and the bus would run .
It is as if you looked up , say , infer/imply in a usage manual and the author 's treatment , in place of an explanation and sound advice , were an unpleasant diatribe against anyone so dense and rude as to have had to look up the entry to begin with .
Probably one of the first ones that was ever read to me the first one I can remember is my cousins Mary and Glenda reading Trumpet the Dog .
Kids probably wonder what God looks like .
Unfortunately , the mistake is compounded and perpetuated by dragging in expressions like man in the street , the average working man , and others , and , as a result , the entire argument degenerates .
But unprofitable heavy industry , state monopolies , and opaque bureaucracies slowly stifled growth .
And how , OK can you tell me any flood stories about growing up in Penn ?
I 'm sending this follow-up letter to let you know that your support is greatly needed and appreciated by everyone involved with graduate Endodontics at IU .
Chapter 10 considers how new human resource practices that allow for short-cycle production , in concert with the use of information technology , can positively affect the performance of suppliers .
But it was n't like Daddy 's Little Wannabe Tomboy , thing anymore , you know .
Okay , you read that from the Vice President , right ?
Everyone benefits from the work we do together .
By this time , Bin Ladin was well-known and a senior figure among Islamist extremists , especially those in Egypt , the Arabian Peninsula , and the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region .
F-15 fighters were scrambled at 8:46 from Otis Air Force Base .
Indeed , if you watch preschoolers at play , you will see that they rarely violate the rules of their social world .
Of those beginning prenatal care in the first trimester , Indiana mothers rank in the lower third of individuals receiving such care nationwide .
From General Stores to Mass Retailers
We have concluded , from the available evidence , that the Vice President arrived in the room shortly before 10:00 , perhaps at 9:58 .
Especially appealing , for you and the department , is the fact that a number of alumni work for companies that will match their gifts -- sometimes as much as three to one .
Writing containing such labored figures makes for hard reading .
The Herron School of Art and Gallery at IUPUI is contemporary art !
Note that the I/S standard deviations control for differences in firm size .
We look forward to your written response , membership support , and having the opportunity to work with you .
1 . Determine if the company you or your spouse works for has a matching gift program -LRB- through the personnel office -RRB- .
Overall , parents complain that they have less free time to spend with their children .
It 's just one of those things , you know that happened .
In public testimony before this Commission in May 2003 , NORAD officials stated that at 9:16 , NEADS received hijack notification of United 93 from the FAA .
OK , how about you Mom ?
At least two callers from the flight reported that the hijackers knew that passengers were making calls but did not seem to care .
At the end of 1979 , the Soviet government sent in military units to ensure that the country would remain securely under Moscow 's influence .
When a young , unmarried woman like Cecilia becomes pregnant , the risks to her unborn child are very serious .
The vocabulary-building argument is a potent one for proponents of Latin education .
The First Apparel Design and Patterns
To be sure , it is the most common meaning , which is why it is listed first .
All of the foregoing areas are supported by contributions from alumni and friends of the school
I have a savings account .
Now you 're in , in what grade ?
Speed of delivery has increasingly become part of the competitive equation .
Dentistry has been a part of my life for as long as I can remember .
Or they suggest that a confiict be solved by creating new , mutual goals .
Let us consider the dust-jacket blurbs of Cobuild , CED , and two other native-speaker the British Longman Dictionary of the English Language -LRB- Longman , 1984 -RRB- and the American Webster 's Ninth New Collegiate Dictionary -LRB- W9 , 1983 -RRB- .
Mr. Thomas B. Lemann points out that the transliteration of the opening quotation of Onomatoplazia -LSB- XV , 1 -RSB- contains the following
Do you enjoy -- ?
Cabin service would have begun .
Many manufacturers do not explicitly track and use information like weekly demand variation for different SKUs .
Talia , mother of a 7-year - My son Anselmo , a first grader , constantly asks us to help him with his homework .
An Invitation to Sponsor a Bench
And I 'm gon na take the fighters from Otis , try to chase this guy down if I can find him .
Of that number , 70 percent are stray , lost pets .
The hijacker pilot then advanced the throttles to maximum power and dove toward the Pentagon .
History and Political Context Few fundamentalist movements in the Islamic world gained lasting political power .
At the same time , children can develop more attractive dispositions and adaptive skills as the result of parental warmth , attention , and consistent guidance .
Do n't you think that will be hard if you move all the way up there , not seeing them as much ?
There are also stories of subcontractors , in this country as well as overseas , crumpling a marker up so that when it is laid out again it will be just a little smaller in width and length ' a trick to save a fraction of a percent from each piece .
Even though we receive operating funds from the state , there are a myriad of additional expenses to be met , such as welding equipment for sculpture , pottery wheels for ceramics , and computers for graphics .
Bear in mind , however , that the information-integrated channel requires substantial investment in technologies by retailers .
It is based on an array of selective and equivocal findings , mustered to convince readers that parenting eects are confined to how children behave in parents ' presence and do not extend beyond the home .
All the hijackers had assigned seats in first class , and they seem to have used them .
Once demand variation for each SKU was determined for our men 's coat manufacturer , its managers faced the question of how to manage the inventory of the items in its rapid replenishment collection while maintaining a smooth flow of products through the sewing room .
Um , I like this area a whole lot and it 's , it 's growing so much and I just want to be near my family so I can take care of them whenever they get older .
I remember going down to the church and there was a group of men there that were organizing an uh , evacuation of all the valuables of the church , take them to the second floor .
That was Robert Frost .
So when I graduate , more than likely I 'll move to Boston , but Charlotte has definitely been a nice place to live .
So he says , No , from the school up , are all guerrillas .
From General Stores to Mass Retailers
If this were indeed to have been a handbook , users would have found a longer list more useful .
M and S also go out of their way to praise usages that neatly sidestep offensive usage .
He says , Do n't go .
Elbert , I just want to ask you uh , some questions about your experience with uh , stories .
The young adults who leave Pleasant Run have those same feelings .
Students acquire experience through faculty-supervised clinics , trial practice courses , moot court , client counseling , and pro bono programs
Oh , he 's down ?
Rather , the intensity of adult support depends on where the task falls within the child 's zone .
At a time when many dental schools are closing or cutting back on programs , Indiana University is investing in and enhancing its own future .
Please donate today .
What 's your favorite toy ?
Information regarding inadequate classrooms , moot court facilities , offices , the library and support service areas follow the above paragraphs .
And they had to take him to a hospital right .
Payment of $ 1,000 -LRB- or more -RRB- may be made now or at anytime before December 31 , 1993 .
He said he had not heard any prior discussion on the subject with the President .
The so-called diskette is a flat black square of rather tough plastic with a hole in the middle and an oblong slot on each of the flat sides ; it is said to be 5 inches square , but that is a as the only person who probably ever measured one of these things , I can tell you it is 53/16 inches square ; that may seem irrelevant , but it is only the beginning of the Great Deception .
In 1985 a group of courageous pioneering women established the YWCA of Indianapolis to meet the needs of women , and in 1998 the tradition continues .
6 million grant from Lilly Endowment Inc. .
Does she like what she does ?
She asked her mother to alert American Airlines .
Why are horse and cow lying down ? Kevin asked .
Big Sisters are mentors and friends who empower girls to more fully reach their potential , experience life 's opportunities and perhaps begin to dream .
We have created a scholarship endowment which will permanently recognize Dr. Steven Bricker 's contributions to our school and profession .
Uh , we used to sit on her back porch and uh snap uh beans or what they called doing snap beans , uh , which was really just taking green beans and snapping them into smaller pieces .
Fifty-six passengers boarded the flight .
Many of us also from time to time talk about a fourth estate ` the media .
Six feet five and thin , Bin Ladin appeared to be ungainly but was in fact quite athletic , skilled as a horseman , runner , climber , and soccer player .
I 'm going to do Education now .
Um , well , let 's see , so do you think that those experiences helped you figure out the kinds of things you liked to read ?
Center staff assists with the housing search , school decisions , drivers ' licenses , leisure time activities , and daycare .
We are leaders in the bar , business , government , and community affairs .
I am happy , by the way , that Abate did not say that studying Latin helps you to think clearly'an erroneous notion still often heard .
Leaving the British official who twice searched his luggage none the wiser , he managed by meticulous observation to memorize the principal features of the power loom well enough to produce his own version of it on his return to Boston .
I have nothing particularly adverse to say about the book .
In this case , public outrage led to early workers ' compensation and factory inspection legislation .
As one witness recalled , -LSB- It -RSB- was almost like there were parallel decisionmaking processes going on ; one was a voice conference orchestrated by the NMCC ... and then there was the -LSB- White House video teleconference -RSB- .
Umm , I guess I 'll leave it at that .
Command Uh , do we want to think , uh , about scrambling aircraft ?
The law school 's 5,900 alumni are a distinguished group .
Thank you for your generosity .
On that occasion , Lisa had seen a ferocious dog barking behind the chain-linked fence .
And take advantage of offers on select Audubon products .
Here , the object of play is the written form of the answer , or , more precisely , the letters of which that form consists .
Even after controlling for the independent effects of firm size , product mix , and distribution channel on performance , we found that the most innovative firms were significantly more profitable than those that had adopted fewer of the key practices .
Even on so small an island as Taiwan the Mandarin-speaking ex-mainlanders can not converse with the Taiwanese-born majority who have not bothered to learn Mandarin .
Such retailers can also gather data about customer demographics , past purchases , and responses to potential substitute items , all of which add up to a gold mine of information about consumer preferences .
/ / Even in the in , I mean NJ winters are really cold but --
We 're off to save the Galaxy !
Corporate participation involves an annual unrestricted gift of $ 2,500 or more for Chancellor 's Circle or of $ 1,000 or more for Chancellors Associates .
Nothing except knowing that you are helping to protect the Earth 's precious natural resources .
On his way home , he shares the story with four people at a street corner .
The headword is syllabified in W , not in L . In older dictionaries the words are syllabified mainly to help in pronouncing them ; latterly , syllabication has been used largely to find where a word can be hyphenated at the end of a line of text , though , judging by today 's newspapers and magazines , one would be sore put to believe that a dictionary had ever been within the grasp of their editors , proofreaders , or the programmers who wrote the hyphenation programs for the automatic typesetting many of them now employ .
Formally defined as the standard deviation of demand divided by average demand , the coefficient of variation can be considered a measure of variation that is normalized ; it allows us to compare the variation of demand for different products , even if the average demand of the two products is quite different .
Between 7:03 and 7:39 , Saeed al Ghamdi , Ahmed al Nami , Ahmad al Haznawi , and Ziad Jarrah checked in at the United Airlines ticket counter for Flight 93 , going to Los Angeles .
She was kind of headstrong and she was , um , kind of artistic maybe , and , uh , uh , liked to have a good sense of humor .
The impact of these projects will be accelerated by an economic development initiative launched this year which will enable new and existing businesses to flourish in this neighborhood .
When you give to Big Sisters , you can get 50 percent back !
In preschools and kindergartens , behaviorist tenets were used to justify large-group drill on letters , numbers , and general knowledge as well as repetitive worksheet practice that required young children to sit at their desks for long periods , filling in blanks , coloring within the lines , and otherwise following teacher prescriptions .
But the power of words is such that I contend their impact is totally lost if not treated somehow , there is a difference between Someone had written shit on the wall and Some asshole had written shit on the wall : the writer of the former has more credibility ; the writer of the latter was , very likely , the very asshole who had written shit on the wall .
Um , so I began looking around for other studios that I thought might , uh , have a higher level of professionalism .
You mean like imaginary , or fictional stories ?
For example , the Secretary of Labor has used his or her bully pulpit to call attention to the problem
Command Uh , do we want to think , uh , about scrambling aircraft ?
Spreading the cloth many plies thick without stressing the cloth is , again , one of the quality steps of getting ready to sew .
Every time we stop I want you to get off and let whoever I 'm letting on , in and then you get back in , sit on the step .
In any case , on May 19 , 1996 , Bin Ladin left Sudan-significantly weakened , despite his ambitions and organizational skills .
The passengers continued their assault and at 10:02:23 , a hijacker said , Pull it down !
One scholar from the fourteenth century from whom Bin Ladin selectively quotes , Ibn Taimiyyah , condemned both corrupt rulers and the clerics who failed to criticize them .
There have been so many changes to the IUPUI campus and your department that you and your fellow graduates might not recognize them .
I ca n't think of anything , but it 's been nice chatting with you .
I love them all to death , but what they do , does n't like reflect who I am --
Feminists ponder causes , implications .
Allah is the greatest !
You may remember bumping into me somewhere along your path through college .
Use the enclosed card and give a generous gift to Goodwill today !
-LRB- It should be noted that Johnson made the same kind of adaptation of another poem by Juvenal , Satire X , calling it The Vanity of Human Wishes .
There are a lot of barriers that keep people from physical and mental disabilities , history of welfare dependency and lack of education or self-esteem .
Qutb argued that humans can choose only between Islam and jahiliyya .
Minutes later , United 175 turned southwest without clearance from air traffic control .
And , and years later we ended up living in the place where that took place and the , uh , and it was not something that was , uh , not a subject that people liked to talk about because many of the people in town knew the young man who was charged with that murder .
Bin Ladin was also willing to explore possibilities for cooperation with Iraq , even though Iraq 's dictator , Saddam Hussein , had never had an Islamist agenda-save for his opportunistic pose as a defender of the faithful against Crusaders during the Gulf War of 1991 .
ordinary laborers .
I mean literally you could just see it hang , it looked like a fire scene on the news it was awful .
. Substantively , if not literally , she made a morox .
He returned to Afghanistan .
I said to him , But you know , I 'm your friend , tell me why .
This ensures that they will acquire competencies that are adaptive in their culture .
You were called and requested additional information prior to making a pledge or gift to the law school .
I said , Well you can use paint thinner or turpentine or gasoline .
And that 's how it was , he left , at dawn , and he said , See you there , and he left with the , with the livestock , with the , and the , the others who were going to help .
Here 's how YOU can make an important difference in someone 's life .
' For English , this means a capacity to add the Latinate onto the vernacular , then Greek onto the Latinate , so that you can eat a hearty breakfast , and be cordial afterwards without suffering from cardiac arrest .
Each award involves a tuition/fee remission and a $ 1000 stipend .
In addition , we will have soft drinks and a raffle , so that you can walk home with a great prize !
So anyway , so we , uh , got some response and , and kind of adjusted things , but after , uh , after a while we kind of went our separate ways .
They must induce children to develop talents , skills , good values , and a sense of accomplishment through engagement not just in activities that are easy and fun , but in ones that are meaningful and challenging ` that help them sustain eort in the face of diculty , overcome obstacles , and advance to greater heights .
That 's good , though , you need to , I guess .
Do you still want to be a nurse or -- ?
During my time in senior high , and , after that , in the Army Air Force , I had other things on my mind -LRB- there was a war on , after all -RRB- , and I did n't give the MUSKRAT-MUSKAT-MUSCAT RAMBLE problem any thought .
I am happy to report that we have reached our 50 person minimum and the Class of '58 will be celebrating , as planned , at the Holiday Inn on Saturday , September 18 at 6:30 .
Admittedly , there is no such thing as perfect synonymy , but the meanings of many pairs of words are close enough for this term to be used in the context of a pastime like crosswords .
I guess I had a friend staying overnight .
Sir , they 're going to want to know what to do .
Bin Ladin 's impressive array of offices covertly provided financial and other support for terrorist activities .
Logs indicate that it began at 9:25 and included the CIA ; the FBI ; the departments of State , Justice , and Defense ; the FAA ; and the White House shelter .
What did you choose ?
No it has n't because my grades are still pretty bad .
On October 29th , a BBC Radio Scotland program was running a competition in which people calling in were asked to spell ventriloquist and kibbutz -LRB- among other words , presumably -RRB- ; several callers with older voices ` they certainly were not children ` were unable to do so ; does that mean that the Scots are to be excepted from the QES campaign to compel all children to study formal grammar up to the age of 16 or that the rot set in long ago ?
How will that compare to the number who would buy the same product but with a short pant length ?
Thanks for your consideration !
Bin Ladin declined , apparently judging that his circumstances in Afghanistan remained more favorable than the Iraqi alternative .
And I think that brings a smile to God 's face .
In Algeria , where in 1991 Islamists seemed almost certain to win power through the ballot box , the military preempted their victory , triggering a brutal civil war that continues today .
It has long been known that inventories at the macroeconomic level affect the depth and length of business cycles .
They would then take their body measurements to any of several participating retailers , who pass the information on to their apparel suppliers and have the clothing custom-made .
Your involvement will be greatly appreciated .
Clearly , this rosily checkered past was soon to be replaced , chiefly , it seems , as Judeo-Christian-Islamic-Confucian-Buddhist cultures flourished .
I said to him , that they want to do in that meeting ?
But the parent who fails to respond promptly and predictably , intervening only after the baby has become extremely agitated , teaches the infant to rise rapidly to intense distress .
Instead , children are active agents , contributing to the creation of their own thought processes by collaborating with more experienced cultural members in meaningful activities .
I guess I read a lot of classic comics .
So would a society .
A proportionately large number of you responded to that survey .
Nothing except knowing that you are helping to protect the Earth 's precious natural resources .
The so-called hot cargo provisions of the statute
Students acquire experience through faculty-supervised clinics , trial practice courses , moot court , client counseling , and pro bono programs
A guy with a bottle-shaped brown paper bag , damp and wrinkled at its upper end , has almost certainly been slugging down a sweet wine of high proof , and the odds are pretty good you would find it is a muscadoodle . After the guy finishes his Napa Valley smoke and has slept it off , he is looking for the means to get another muscat fix .
Wo n't you join us in our efforts by continuing your support in 1999 ?
Periodically , the Islamic world has seen surges of what , for want of a better term , is often labeled fundamentalism .
In addition , gifts provide essential support in a number of other areas , including recruitment of new faculty members and students , maintaining our Career Services office , securing guest speakers , supporting the school 's commencement and publications
-LRB- Bearing-Gould , a compulsive writer , was a man of Victorian delicacy .
In this way , the adult evokes from the child his or her current knowledge and , on that basis , can scaold more eectively .
-LRB- Points to the shell 's colors -RRB- Sometimes people make jewelry out of these shells .
You now have the opportunity to help your school honor Dr. Phillips by contributing to an endowed professorship in his honor which will help assure continuation of his work .
That means we now have the opportunity to be a stable , positive and important part of each child 's life for an entire decade .
And , you know , with this , you know , it was n't many opportunities for kids to be special , because kids were n't , you know , you were pushed out of adult conversation , and just really pushed to the side .
He was paying him five bucks an hour and he would , he could work all day Wednesday and uh , but I believe it was on that job there , that Kavalo , that Dad said , Look boy you can read a tape measure better that this forty year old man can so I 'll give you five bucks an hour if you prove you can do it .
Yeah , I liked it a lot .
A diskette is also called a floppy ; the reason for the name is not immediately apparent -LRB- nor why the item is called a diskette , for that matter -RRB- , but all becomes clear .
That sounds like fun .
The resulting profit accrues , even after the higher finished goods carrying cost associated with larger inventory has been considered .
Such retailers can also gather data about customer demographics , past purchases , and responses to potential substitute items , all of which add up to a gold mine of information about consumer preferences .
Somewhat more involved
Please give what you can .
It is appropriate , therefore , to reconsider whether United 93 would have been intercepted .
We are privately funded by thousands of individuals , clubs , businesses , churches , foundations - and others .
One letter writer to The Times -LSB- 21 June 1988 -RSB-
'Cause we have got confirmation - He did not land .
Within the system , there are others with similar mixed feelings , but by and large the system remains intact .
The thin plastic sheet effectively cuts off the flow of room air through the fabric .
Another passenger told her they were traveling northeast .
I thought it was lacquer thinner .
And it was an important aspect , was there a particular crowd that hung out because of that ?
There is a bomb on board and are going back to the airport , and to have our demands -LSB- unintelligible -RSB- .
In other words , the savings created in throughput reduction in assembly were lost on the shipping dock .
When they 're running with the wind in their faces and the sun on their backs , or stepping barefoot onto cool , green grass .
People just do n't have the time or take the time to keep the traditions going they just get too busy or too lazy .
Projects which enliven and enrich the student experience and draw some of our finest scholars and teachers to our campus -- and to our city .
As described below , the ensuing years saw additional efforts to establish connections .
And I said , I do n't have anybody , I said , hidden away .
Feminists concerned about language relentlessly reveal language 's capacity to discriminate against women or to render them invisible .
When a young , unmarried woman like Cecilia becomes pregnant , the risks to her unborn child are very serious .
Excitement abounds as some 300 students and proud parents and grandparents fill the IUPUI Conference Center for the event .
At some point between 9:16 and 9:26 , Barbara Olson called her husband , Ted Olson , the solicitor general of the United States .
In 1990 , the law school received only $ 18,114 in matching gifts from 15 companies .
In our fund raising efforts to date , we have received the support of local government , foundations , and corporations as well as the personal financial commitments of individual MCCOY Board members .
At the very least , you 'll give one child the chance to see God 's face , and feel His love .
For as long as he needs it , Goodwill will continue to help .
They had been responding to a report about an aircraft that did not exist .
Oh , can you think of any other stories ?
Insofar as it means attendant , an acolyte can be either a man or a woman .
Lacking a target , they were vectored toward military-controlled airspace off the Long Island coast .
Worst of all , Wanda had to deal with this worsening problem as she was trying to succeed at her new job .
They grew up in Lewisburg , NC , which is a little small town it 's east of Raleigh .
Chased him all the way up to the upstairs , I do n't think the bird ever even pooped in the house not that we found --
Figure 7.2 depicts the weekly demand for a different SKU ` the same single-breasted coat ` but this time in a less popular size -LRB- 43-regular -RRB- .
Some other anagram flags are broken , strange , unorthodox , maybe , kind of , and a source of . There are dozens of them , and new ones are being concocted every day .
Garlic is compounded from the Old English gar ` spear , ' and leac ` leek .
He did not know that other aircraft had been hijacked .
We can not accomplish this goal without the financial help of our alumni and friends .
But I do got a 100 dollars .
The lowing herd -LRB- Onomatoplazia -RRB- wound slowly in the first verse of Elegy in a Country Churchyard , by Thomas Gray , not Oliver Goldsmith .
Please help make that same opportunity available to some deserving students today .
Afterwards , the Bishop walked among the crowds , eating their picnic lunches .
A common approach is to forecast by analogy , using data for similar products that have been on the market previously .
Probably Lois , your Aunt Lois .
Some other anagram flags are broken , strange , unorthodox , maybe , kind of , and a source of . There are dozens of them , and new ones are being concocted every day .
naches the ` glow of pleasure-plus-pride that only a child can give to its parents ' : This is my son , the Doctor !
They grew up in Lewisburg , NC , which is a little small town it 's east of Raleigh .
In the fall of 1993 , another such delegation went to the Bekaa Valley in Lebanon for further training in explosives as well as in intelligence and security .
We need to talk to FAA .
Recall the Zinacanteco Indian child weavers and the Brazilian child street vendors , who are advanced in skills relevant to their own culture yet behind on tasks devised for children in Western industrialized nations .
Mr. Thomas B. Lemann points out that the transliteration of the opening quotation of Onomatoplazia -LSB- XV , 1 -RSB- contains the following
The second chapter of the Handbook is devoted in its entirety to The Pronoun Problem , mercifully concluding with the expression of some doubt that an artificial generic pronoun , like hir , thon , per , and other abominations , is likely to take hold .
No , had n't seen some of them .
Assume that the manufacturing lead time ` the amount of time required to go from a production order to a product ready for shipping to retail ` is less than one week .
The Maennerchor Society brings together persons who share a desire to provide enduring and generous support for the law school .
Wha , yeah , very hard compared to high school .
Thank you again for helping point the way .
I 'm enclosing some information on Children 's Harbor which I hope you 'll find interesting .
Still no response .
This occurred not only because of the greater concentration of businesses in the textile industry , but because textile companies generally plan to run their expensive capital equipment at full capacity around the clock .
But the need is still great .
We need to tell 'em if this stuff is gon na keep on going , we need to take those fighters , put 'em over Manhattan .
And he goes , Yeah , sure , I 'll take you .
Right now , there are thousands of people who do not know what it feels like to support themselves .
Thus we now have the big A as well as the A-word and the M-question as well as the M-word . Perhaps we shall see such forms as the little A , the new A , or the A-option . If these variants prove productive , the lexicon of one-letter words could spread like wild flowers , as Sam Goldwyn once said .
This one-time staple has been replaced by shirts of dizzying diversity in fabric , design , and style , providing the final consumer with a huge assortment of shirts while exposing retailers and manufacturers to increased risk of holding large volumes of unsold goods .
In Brazil , child street vendors with little or no schooling display sophisticated concepts of classification and equivalence as the result of buying candy from wholesalers , pricing it with the help of adults and experienced peers , and bargaining with customers on city streets .
Or , you can fax us at 241-2760 , or e-mail , icfundrzr@aol.com .
To a Western ear , the most predictable of language traits , perhaps , is the well-advertised Japanese use of r for our l . Indeed , in my travels about Honshu during a three-month visit , I did hear coinrocker , see you rater , Adurt Graphics -LRB- dirty books -RRB- , blackwrrants -LRB- hit-and-miss rendering of black walnuts -RRB- , Coffee Corombia -LRB- a chain of coffee shops -RRB- , and Coconut Glove .
Once demand variation for each SKU was determined for our men 's coat manufacturer , its managers faced the question of how to manage the inventory of the items in its rapid replenishment collection while maintaining a smooth flow of products through the sewing room .
I had my second chance to change my life .
When he came home , it was harder controlling diabetes .
There follows a desexing section on maxims -LRB- for He who laughs last laughs best read The last laugh is the best : not only does it not say the same thing but the second is totally lacking in the rhetorical devices packed into the first -RRB- , and a two-page bibliography , reference notes to chapters , and an index .
farthingale Neither a singing , nocturnal coin , nor a storm of flatulence , but the light wooden frame that puffed out milady 's 16th-century skirt .
In Charles McGregor 's words , a dictionary that says a lot about a little and one that says a little about a lot can end up roughly the same size .
In the mid-1990s , Nordstrom ran newspaper ads promising , for certain products , that if the size or color of an item the customer wished to purchase was not in stock at the store , Nordstrom would locate the desired item and mail it to the customer at no additional cost ` both the item and its delivery were free .
Overall , parents complain that they have less free time to spend with their children .
I guess one of the other authors I like a lot uh is C.S.
That was another-it was evidently another aircraft that hit the tower .
Marking cartons and containers for shipment according to channel-wide standards can speed up distribution .
Perhaps the Proximity people thought that they had got round that little problem by giving the same definition for each of the items in the list ; but we know that only very rarely are two synonyms bi-unique -LRB- which is another way of saying that if A = B , B does not necessarily always equal A -RRB- , an ineluctable fact of language .
Radar data show the Otis fighters were airborne at 8:53 .
Who would want to wear such a scent ?
United 93 crashed in Pennsylvania at 10:03:11 , 125 miles from Washington , D.C.
Your child was a recent participant in a Social Health program at his or her school .
As a result , product proliferation represents a shift in the curve relating sales volume and variability -LRB- see Figure 7.4 -RRB- .
There was one particular woman I do n't recall her name .
The lowing herd -LRB- Onomatoplazia -RRB- wound slowly in the first verse of Elegy in a Country Churchyard , by Thomas Gray , not Oliver Goldsmith .
In one study , Lonigan and Whitehurst compared shared reading with teachers at preschool , shared reading with parents at home , and a combined condition .
According to fourth-year student David Schmidt , who serves as president of the Students Affairs council , the upgraded lounge is a priority for the students .
Please make camp possible for all deserving Indianapolis children and send in a tax deductible contribution today in the enclosed envelope .
Also testifying about al Qaeda in a U.S. court was L'Houssaine Kherchtou , who told of breaking with Bin Ladin because of Bin Ladin 's professed inability to provide him with money when his wife needed a caesarian section .
In short , while leaders in Washington believed that the fighters above them had been instructed to take out hostile aircraft , the only orders actually conveyed to the pilots were to ID type and tail .
Bin Ladin was prepared to pick up where he had left off in Sudan .
And how was growing up in Charlotte ?
From his headquarters in Jersey City , he distributed messages calling for the murder of unbelievers .
The size of the pattern can be changed and the visual images compared to get a sense of their appeal .
Although new work practices are evolving in the apparel industry , many workers still specialize in one operation or at most two .
Smacked my chest .
Consider a study of the relationship of maternal employment to first graders ' academic and social competence .
In some respects , it may not be long before certain aspects of dialect geography will be largely historical .
As we prepare for all the events this fall , we are also looking into the future with the preparations for a new facility for the professional art school , administrative offices , faculty studios , a library and a contemporary gallery .
We learned all of those and the fairy tales , the classics , she read all of those to us .
And take advantage of offers on select Audubon products .
We did n't know as much about it as we do today , and were learning and adjusting to diabetes at the same time we were building our marriage .
It 's the perfect time to make a world of difference .
The buyer should order 250 units , since there is a 75 percent probability that demand will be less than this .
From this and other evidence , we believe the hijacking began at 8:14 or shortly thereafter .
High demand variation similarly occurs during the beginning and end of a product life cycle .
They make up the class of Semantic Clue Elements .
With this letter , we are asking you to take the opportunity of the Campus Campaign to consider how you can help IUPUI be what you want it to be .
Men and women struggling with addictions find healing , forgiveness and the chance to make a new start in life ... families living from paycheck to paycheck find comfort , food and emergency assistance ... and underprivileged children have the opportunity to eat well-balanced meals and participate in special activities .
In the felled seams of shirts and jeans , for example , the visible stitches might be of a color designed to decorate the garment .
You can help us help overburdened new parents .
I have n't tried opium , but can not imagine that Opium smells much like an opium den ; and it is impossible to guess at what the millennium will smell like .
We are also planning new initiatives .
Well , thank you for being part of this study
As the above sampling of concerns reveals , today 's parents are not just worried about major transitions and traumas , such as the impact of marital breakup or community violence .
We were mentioning , we were mentioning writers you enjoy reading now and we had to take a break .
You did n't like them ?
Now I am writing to ask if you would continue your support with a further donation for 1990 .
Moreover , the fighting in Afghanistan made Pakistan home to an enormous-and generally unwelcome-population of Afghan refugees ; and since the badly strained Pakistani education system could not accommodate the refugees , the government increasingly let privately funded religious schools serve as a cost-free alternative .
They thus might give Pakistan greater security on one of the several borders where Pakistani military officers hoped for what they called strategic depth .
Indeed , Washington wore a dark brown suit , entirely made in America , for his first inaugural on April 30 , 1789 .
television viewing .
So , fill out the enclosed form and we 'll be delighted to hear from you .
And as I look at the last slip in my random handful , again I encounter a classificatory
-LSB- I -RSB- mmigrants are cheap and controllable .
They call it , he said , The Committee of Forsaken Mothers .
Receiving inquiries and requests for information and services from around the world , and having assisted many in their vocational rehabilitation and business , the dba is recognized as one of the nation 's largest and leading authorities on the self-employment of people with disabilities .
And you were born in Presbyterian Hospital .
At 9:39 , the FAA 's Cleveland Air Route Traffic Control Center overheard a second announcement indicating that there was a bomb on board , that the plane was returning to the airport , and that they should remain seated .
Increased profit came from missing fewer sales by being in stock a higher percentage of the time .
The aircraft was a Boeing 757 piloted by Captain Charles F. Burlingame and First Officer David Charlebois .
People like 74-year-old Margaret , who keeps active by playing bridge and taking classes in Spanish , aerobics and sewing at Heritage Place .
As the above clues demonstrate , a Graphic CE should be accompanied not only by a flag but also by a Semantic CE .
The monkey on board ship was a lad employed to fetch supplies ` powder and so forth ` to the guns .
I just kept reading until I finally had read almost every one of them .
And sometime during the third year , they can imagine objects and events with little or no support from the real world , as when they say to a play partner , I 'm calling Susie on the phone !
The whole enchilada !
Our work on apparel supplier adjustments to lean retailing suggests that an economy characterized by an increasing level of modern manufacturing and retailing practices should experience lower levels of inventories relative to sales .
Jarrah , like Atta earlier , may have inadvertently broadcast the message because he did not know how to operate the radio and the intercom .
Safire can not be accused of being copy-proud -LRB- except , evidently , of awful puns , as in Ms. is deliberately msterious , but at least it is not deliberately msleading and other mscegenations -RRB- .
Had Jessica been thinking about Tyrone 's zone , she might have framed the items on her list this
I thought it was lacquer thinner .
He said , But , to take the livestock , I ca n't , I ca n't do it alone , at least , four , he said , because , it 's difficult with the animals .
Islam is a faith that brings comfort to a billion people around the world .
As the children gained perceptual , cognitive , and motor experiences , stimulated intact areas of the cerebral cortex compensated for the early damage .
As explained by Professor Paul W. Kroll , Chairman of the Department of Oriental Languages and Literature , University of Colorado -LRB- Boulder -RRB- , this new people called themselves by a name that was very similar to the Chinese word for ` extreme .
Cobuild and CED are far from being such polar opposites , but they exemplify this general point .
New initiatives in the inner-city are taking hold .
At 8:21 , American 11 turned off its transponder , immediately degrading the information available about the aircraft .
In many other places , the ancient sites lay buried ` and still do ` beneath modern modern property owners quite understandably take a dim view of tearing down their buildings on the off chance that the remnants of an ancient town will be found several yards below .
She remembered poems that she had learned when she was in high school .
In recent decades , certain changes have taken place in the language that reflect voluntary choices of the words used to characterize people ; these have focused largely on the conscious and conscientious substitution of neutral , sexless words like individual -LRB- s -RRB- , person , and people for terms that normally denote only males .
These examples of onomatoplazia are a personal set , words that have led me astray .
That , the sun had n't come up yet , it was still like , five in the morning .
Recently a project ' arose that should be interesting to you as a former student who struggled to clear the financial hurdle of education .
Representatives also came from organizations such as the Palestine Liberation Organization , Hamas , and Hezbollah .
He could attract , train , and use recruits for ever more ambitious attacks , rallying new adherents with each demonstration that his was the movement of the future .
This startling news prompted the mission crew commander at NEADS to take immediate control of the airspace to clear a flight path for the Langley Okay , we 're going to turn it ... crank it up .
There was confusion at that moment in the FAA .
Just before 8:14 , it had climbed to 26,000 feet , not quite its initial assigned cruising altitude of 29,000 feet .
To foster productivity -LRB- physical output per worker -RRB- and constrain supervisory costs , wages are paid on a piece-rate basis , providing incentives for rapid completion of the operation .
Charles Delaney asks for further examples of onomatoplazia . Here are two which misled me for
One spoke very little English and one spoke excellent English .
On the whole , readers can draw their own conclusions about the breadth of coverage ; as for me , I should -LRB- regrettably -RRB- sacrifice Montrachet to gain others .
By 9:20 , Indianapolis Center learned that there were other hijacked aircraft , and began to doubt its initial assumption that American 77 had crashed .
Countering Locke 's image of an all-powerful adult tutor , eighteenth-century French philosopher Jean Jacques Rousseau conceived of the child as a noble savage ` untamed but naturally good , with an innate plan for orderly , healthy growth .
Recently we read that how children turn out is mostly written in their genes ; there 's little we as parents can do about it .
At the other end of the spectrum , a manufacturer can alter its internal design , planning , procurement , and manufacturing operations and respond rapidly to demand changes through the use of flexible manufacturing or sourcing practices .
90 In order to understand how the two agencies interacted eight years later , we will review their missions , command and control structures , and working relationship on the morning of 9/11 .
The lines further from the trend line indicate the range with a likelihood of 90 percent .
Then a unique marker must be created that combines different orders using the same fabric .
Open the door , please .
And we do n't waste money .
An understanding that , above anything else , success requires genuine effort , a willingness to set challenging goals .
General David Wherley-the commander of the 113th Wing-reached out to the Secret Service after hearing secondhand reports that it wanted fighters airborne .
Again , Jarrah pitched the nose of the aircraft up and down .
YOU CAN HELP SUPPORT THESE AND OTHER NEEDED SERVICES HERE IN CENTRAL INDIANA .
Or do you feel like in general that 's how high school is as opposed to college ?
General Wherley translated this in military terms to flying weapons free-that is , the decision to shoot rests in the cockpit , or in this case in the cockpit of the lead pilot .
We 're off to save the Galaxy !
Your support is vital and your generosity will make a real difference .
Vice President Cheney was asked for authority to engage the aircraft .
Bin Ladin reportedly showed particular interest in learning how to use truck bombs such as the one that had killed 241 U.S.
Representatives from 43 different countries were in attendance .
Some maintained collaborative relationships with al Qaeda , but many disengaged entirely .
I look out the window and there he 's booking across the yard heading for the house .
But he places most blame on how contemporary children are reared .
In parallel with the roots of onomatopoeia -LRB- onoma ` name ' + poiein ` to make or do ' -RRB- I have christened the effect onoma again + pladzein ` to mislead or deceive .
A common human genetic heritage and basic regularities in children 's physical and social environments yield certain universal , broad outlines of development .
Thank you for your ongoing support of our great school !
As a result , 60 percent of our budget comes from United Way of Central Indiana , 10 percent from schools , and the remaining 30 percent from the generosity of business , our own fundraising activities and individual gifts .
I hope you join our family of patients , loved ones and professionals .
When toddlers begin to speak , their main interest is in talking about what people do and the consequences of their behavior .
Alternatively , an adept supplier who uses information for planning , production , and distribution may well share in the competitive advantages derived from better information on the true state of final customer demand .
As a byproduct of participation , children gain a rich understanding of their own and others ' mental lives ` powerful tools in predicting and explaining human behavior and , therefore , in getting along with others .
W has illustrations -LRB- better than those in the Third Unabridged -RRB- ; L has none , but it must be noted that other British dictionaries lack them also , so L need not have included them purely for competitive reasons in the main market it is intended to serve .
One letter writer to The Times -LSB- 21 June 1988 -RSB-
One senior FAA air traffic control manager said that it was simply not the FAA 's place to order the airlines what to tell their pilots .
It is regrettable that Lederer uses the word corruption -LRB- p.
As Sudanese authorities became less obliging , normal costs of doing business increased .
We need your participation in our activities and your financial support to help make our goals happen .
From Fiber to Cloth to Finished Product
She will first analyze the historical data by separating the causes of past changes in demand into the following -LRB- 1 -RRB- trend , -LRB- 2 -RRB- seasonality , -LRB- 3 -RRB- cyclicality , and -LRB- 4 -RRB- random fluctuation .
The natural line of development makes closer contact with its surrounding social context , merges with it , and is transformed by it .
The so-called hot cargo provisions of the statute
Ricky alternately named the numbers he recognized and counted items as they passed through the checkout .
And , as a Palestinian , he saw Israel as the top priority for the next stage .
In the event , why not just say lithe under lento and the reverse under lithe ? -LRB- This latter piece of information is unaccountably lacking . -RRB-
bite the bullet If you visit a Revolutionary War battle site , like Fort Ticonderoga , you may see some gruesome artifacts in its museum ` bullets with teeth marks in them .
They welcome the chance to belong , to become self - sufficient , to regain their self-esteem and confidence .
But Bin Ladin and his comrades had their own sources of support and training , and they received little or no assistance from the United States .
Within the system , there are others with similar mixed feelings , but by and large the system remains intact .
Science fiction .
If approval was given , the orders would be transmitted down NORAD 's chain of command .
At 9:03 , they would see another aircraft strike the World Trade Center .
Your contribution will be used to recruit and retain quality volunteers .
And uh , my parents and I had stopped many times in a little town called New Market , VA which was just a / / little , / / yeah it seemed like a halfway point .
Throughout this book ` and especially in Chapter 5 , which addresses the development of children with physical and mental disabilities ` we will see many more examples of these synergistic eects .
Three minutes later , Sweeney was reconnected to the office and began relaying updates to the manager , Michael Woodward .
Within seconds , the Command Center received a visual report from another aircraft , and informed headquarters that the aircraft was 20 miles northwest of Johnstown .
It is appropriate , therefore , to reconsider whether United 93 would have been intercepted .
Allah is the greatest .
-- After my infant son has done one of those cute things that portend a definitely-not-ordinary childhood , my mother-in-law asks , What would Mr. -LSB- sic -RSB- Spock say ?
How can parents beat the time bind ?
Nevertheless , mental representation is yet another feature that is not exclusive to play .
Consider a study of the relationship of maternal employment to first graders ' academic and social competence .
Two days a week , Kevin leaves his office 45 minutes early to take charge of his 2-year-old daughter , Sophie , while her mother , a university professor , teaches a late class .
In the 95 paper , I extend Tuleja my sympathies .
Do you feel like that 's a Southern thing or a NC thing , or --
The monkey on board ship was a lad employed to fetch supplies ` powder and so forth ` to the guns .
impregnable Non-English speakers have been known to think this means inconceivable .
At 9:42 , the Command Center learned from news reports that a plane had struck the Pentagon .
I said to him , Why ?
The Army suspected him of malingering , and that did n't sit well with the 9th Infantry Division platoon sergeant .
The controller continued to try to contact United 93 , and asked whether the pilot could confirm that he had been hijacked .
So we took a chance on it and started following the billboards .
Still , the idea has caught on so well that most British newspapers now offer two crossword puzzles each day .
Sixteen seconds after that transmission , ATC instructed the aircraft 's pilots to climb to 35,000 feet .
Of course you only had a thousand students through all those six grades .
The supervisor instructed the controller to follow standard procedures for handling a no radio aircraft .
The child 's mind , then , is a profoundly social organ .
Adding the Japanese final vowels produces Gone with the Windo . Hypercorrection , where Japanese speakers learn that many final vowels do not exist in the American version of the tongue and so remove them , sometimes incorrectly , gives us the California cities of San Francisk and Sacrament . This process resulted in the sign reading Pizz and Coffee .
At first , children find it difficult to distinguish words and other mental symbols from the objects and actions to which they refer .
What kind of stories does she tell you ?
It has been suggested that SF include only those stories which would be invalidated without their scientific content ; that fiction which concerns science , scientists , and the impact of science on humans ; that which explores alternate existences -LRB- whether future , extraterrestrial , or only in characters ' minds -RRB- based on facts and logical progression via scientific method .
I do n't remember , but only , only a fractured collarbone , which I recommend to anyone that needs to break a bone , break a collarbone .
Thank you for your ongoing support of our great school !
He also stresses grievances against the United States widely shared in the Muslim world .
That nine minutes ' notice before impact was the most the military would receive of any of the four hijackings .
I want him to beat my heart and beat my brain .
As the explorer Ernest Giles put it , the explorer 's experience is a baptism worse than that of fire ` the baptism of no water .
She performs a single operation on each garment in the bundle .
One of the passengers who mentioned a bomb expressed his belief that it was not real .
90 In order to understand how the two agencies interacted eight years later , we will review their missions , command and control structures , and working relationship on the morning of 9/11 .
And leave a singed bottom all involved With stench and ...
He appointed a new financial manager , whom his followers saw as miserly .
Human Growth and Development
In Sarasota , Florida , the presidential motorcade was arriving at the Emma E. Booker Elementary School , where President Bush was to read to a class and talk about education .
By some accounts , he had been interested there in religious studies , inspired by tape recordings of fiery sermons by Abdullah Azzam , a Palestinian and a disciple of Qutb .
Narrative conversation also fosters language development and emergent literacy , which greatly ease the task of learning to read and write when children get to school .
And so what year does that make you , are you a -- ?
Well , some of them that uh , with your mother Marsha uh , I she was , I believe about 18 when I was born .
In October , we will begin our annual telefund .
Your donations go toward it all .
For Johnson 's Frenchie this becomes , Bid him go to hell , to hell he goes .
Five-year pledges are essential , and will be recognized at the IDA Annual Session and in school and professional publications .
Increasingly , analysts and public policy makers discuss trade issue in terms of the emergence of a significant and growing inequality in compensation between production and nonsupervisory workers , on the one hand , and managerial , supervisory , or exempt employees and professionals on the other .
That one time you were trying to take that floor joist .
Bin Ladin 's impressive array of offices covertly provided financial and other support for terrorist activities .
But in most situations in which a firm provides a wide range of goods to customers , some of its products will have low or moderate demand variation , while others ' demand will vary a great deal .
Perhaps present water called for some stylistic celebration .
The video footage indicates that he was carrying an unidentified item in his back pocket , clipped to its rim .
Enclosed is a pledge card and return envelope to assist you in making your tax deductible contribution .
At 9:24 , Ballinger 's warning to United 93 was received in the cockpit .
The military aide returned a few minutes later , probably between 10:12 and 10:18 , and said the aircraft was 60 miles out .
That means we now have the opportunity to be a stable , positive and important part of each child 's life for an entire decade .
Its blades are its spears .
These practices have resulted in the integration of enterprises at all stages of the distribution and production chain , because of the infusion of real-time information on consumer sales .
Given the volatile nature of demand in many industries , an assumption of stability is suspect , meaning that forecasts based on historical sales data may be less accurate than the historical data suggest .
The guidance for Wherley was to send up the aircraft , with orders to protect the White House and take out any aircraft that threatened the Capitol .
Garlic is compounded from the Old English gar ` spear , ' and leac ` leek .
And , uh , I assume , um , that English is your native language .
Consistent with the Confucian parental obligation , The deeper the love , the greater the correction , Chinese mothers ' misdeed stories were much longer than those of the American mothers ` in fact , the most lengthy and elaborate of all Chinese narrations .
At 9:34 , the Command Center relayed the information concerning United 93 to FAA headquarters .
The new requirements stress closer attention to individual learning between students and advisers and emphasize the connections among literary study , writing , and linguistics .
Tomorrow will be another day for the kids , they rationalize , but a business deal or a professional achievement , if not capitalized on at the moment , may evaporate .
So , too , feminists lobby for gender-neutral terms when appropriate .
The Branch 's goals focus on increasing the percentage of youth Grow into mentally and physically healthy adults ; Know how to structure their lives in ways that produce meaning and enjoyment ; Plan their high school program to allow them to qualify for future higher education , even if the current goals are vocational ; Use non-violent conflict resolution skills when needed ; Reach adulthood without being involved in alcohol , tobacco and other drug use ; Are able to develop and achieve their goals and aspirations .
Please help Goodwill and help people find jobs .
Before 9/11 , it was not unheard of for a commercial aircraft to deviate slightly from its course , or for an FAA controller to lose radio contact with a pilot for a short period of time .
Condo living , the spread of AIDS through prostitutes and veterinary surgery .
Alternatively , an adept supplier who uses information for planning , production , and distribution may well share in the competitive advantages derived from better information on the true state of final customer demand .
These capacities , in turn , ease the task of establishing an intersubjective connection , and that connection provides the platform for the creation of additional zones , enabling children to master complex , culturally adaptive skills .
Finding the correct parts for a shirt can often involve a hunt through the plant .
Now you watch a lot of television do n't you ?
Wo n't you help the WYCA provide a great summer for those kids ?
Chapter 4 -LRB- The Building Blocks of Lean Retailing -RRB- describes how the essential elements of lean retailing ` bar codes
We believe this is the same call in which the Vice President urged the President not to return to Washington .
The Geographic Education Network of Indiana , Inc. -LRB- GENI -RRB- manages the statewide project from the IUPUI Geography Department .
This year 20,349 girls are members of our Council .
Do you like riding your bike a lot ?
Hoping to find a lake is included
Everything will be okay .
But fortunately they did n't .
To answer this question , Vygotsky pointed out , we must identify the distinctive features of make-believe play ` those that make it unique among young children 's experiences .
This machine picks up cut material from a carousel at one end and delivers finished sleeves at the other .
Many women have a difficult time finding a pair of jeans that fits to their satisfaction .
They were planning to hijack these planes and turn them into large guided missiles , loaded with up to 11,400 gallons of jet fuel .
The Hijacking of American 77 American Airlines Flight 77 was scheduled to depart from Washington Dulles for Los Angeles at 8:10 .
It was a very interesting experience .
And did you find that to be kind of hard , or did , you know -- ?
Make your contribution payable to the Indiana University Foundation with the designation for Law - Indpls .
We continue to assume that this SKU has the weekly demand distribution shown in Figure 6.1 -LRB- page 92 -RRB- .
Nobody used to snicker at Chaucer 's line -LRB- No. 5818 -RRB- in The Prologe of the Wyf of Bathe , in which that harried dame : Why is my neghebores wif so gay ?
Gifts also support student organizations such as moot court , supply library materials , pay for student research assistants , and make available other necessary resources .
IUPUI 's goals for the 1990s , in the context of Indiana University 's statewide plans , call for improving undergraduate education , enhancing relationships with the community , and strengthening research that will stimulate Indiana 's economic growth .
I did that because that 's what my dad wanted me to do .
Then he shoots his bolt and wad by taking a long shot at some one-shot deal that will win him the whole shooting match .
Can you retell the story ?
Or , you can fax us at 241-2760 , or e-mail , icfundrzr@aol.com .
The Vice Chairman joined the conference shortly before 10:00 ; the Secretary , shortly before 10:30 .
At this time the FAA had no contact with the military at the level of national command .
That sounds dangerous .
I hope this correspondence finds you and your family doing well .
Almost 80 percent -LRB- $ 390,000 -RRB- of our operating budget is consumed by programs to serve stray and unwanted animals -LRB- the National Charities Information Bureau 's standard is 60 percent -RRB- .
The time was 9:38 .
The ambiguity resulting from the conjunction of black and gold is akin to the distraction caused by optical Lehrer 's phrase is both literally correct and literally nonsense .
It was , and the little I remember , Momma telling me on the way , you know , just little things I do n't know really , let me think now .
Under Boolean algebra , W has the a set that is closed under the two commutative binary operations and that can be described by any of various systems of postulates all of which can be deduced from the postulates that an identity element exists for each operation , that each operation is distributive over the other , and that for every element in the set there is another element which when combined with the first under one of the operations yields the identity element of the other operation < under the operations of taking intersections and unions , the subsets of a given set form a Boolean algebra
Um , when you 're talking about your favorite stories , what was your favorite part of the story ?
Sewing rooms are generally arranged in rows of workers , each seated at a machine doing one operation on a bundle of parts .
Fewer were seen as involved in worthwhile activities that truly engaged them .
And how , OK can you tell me any flood stories about growing up in Penn ?
Historically , the textile-apparel relationship involved long lead times or advance commitments to secure the necessary cloth in the right style , texture , and patterns .
I still read history .
I think that was kind of hard for him , you know .
Concurrently , we are undertaking three new program an undergraduate program in civil engineering with an emphasis on the environment ; an undergraduate program in industrial engineering with a focus on manufacturing ; and graduate programs leading to the M.S.
In addition , researchers now realize that quite normal children show both similarities and dierences in pathways of change .
The Vice President authorized fighter aircraft to engage the inbound plane .
May good cess befall all such quixotically misguided readers !
He tried the radios , first calling the aircraft directly , then the airline .
Meanwhile , a manager from Boston Center reported that they had deciphered what they had heard in one of the first hijacker transmissions from American 11 : Boston Hey ... you still there ?
There is nothing wrong with any of -LSB- these images -RSB- in themselves .
These changes are related to new technology and foreign competition .
Denouncing waywardness among the faithful , some clerics have appealed for a return to observance of the literal teachings of the Qur ` an and Hadith .
To begin with , the adoption of bar codes came before rapid replenishment arrangements because retailers required a low-cost means of collecting information at the detailed product level for their own use ` that is , they first developed an efficient method for scanning prices at the check-out register and tracking products for internal inventory purposes .
The FAA and CIA joined at 9:40 .
One thing in particular she used to save would be soup labels .
You can go out on the weekends but during the week it , you know , it should be study time .
First , preschoolers easily misunderstand televised material .
The correct translation is the Yueh -LRB- or Viet -RRB- of the south -LRB- as opposed to the Yueh who used to be just beyond present-day Shanghai -RRB- .
Although I 'm a retired person , today I have a beautiful outlook on life because of Indy Reads .
A small capital in Czechoslovakia
As Anselmo 's parents refrain from helping , they fuel his anger and demandingness , and ultimately his sense of helplessness .
The total production quantity for each SKU is allocated between the two plants .
The hijackers had planned to take flights scheduled to depart at 7:45 -LRB- American 11 -RRB- , 8:00 -LRB- United 175 and United 93 -RRB- , and 8:10 -LRB- American 77 -RRB- .
He liked it a little warmer .
He uses cultural and religious allusions to the holy Qur ` an and some of its interpreters .
Do you think that 's a good thing that it helped culture you , or --
When you give to United Way , you can rest assured that your gift will be used efficiently and effectively to help people in need here at home .
Your gift will help us reach our immediate goal of awarding at least one scholarship to a student for the fall semester of 1993 , and our long-term goal of awarding several $ 5,000 scholarships each year .
This letter is to ask for your support in remembering your fellow classmate .
Each narrative focused on a relatively exceptional personal experience .
They have what ?
He was simply making extortionate exactions upon his wretched lessees .
It began in medieval Europe , and in the late 20th century it is everywhere in the world .
Do you watch that ?
Thank you again for sending me the information on your $ 25 reasonable request direct mail appeal as well as your detailed analysis of results .
Come in , please !
And the scope of The Salvation Army 's services extends far beyond this community .
The staff member has mentioned several times to Becky that she should take the art home , but Becky does n't want to ; she wants the staff person to have it .
To recognize donors who have achieved this level , Dean Lefstein has now established the Black Cane Society .
Ted is a single father with three children under 10 .
It is the term applied to a one-year-old sheep .
They took out all the rest -LRB- of the shrapnel -RRB- , but the one in his eyebrow , they could n't get it out .
In contrast , suppliers that have continued to innovate and expand their use of the four practices , as well as other activities described in previous chapters , keep outperforming the industry as a whole .
Contributions qualify for tax deductions under state and Federal guidelines .
For the same time period , our alumni participation in similar firms was 31 percent to 67 percent .
On Air Force One , the President 's press secretary was taking notes ; Ari Fleischer recorded that at 10:20 , the President told him that he had authorized a shootdown of aircraft if necessary .
Now , I 'm on a journey .
However , the excitement and motivation of that goal is often diminished by the difficult financial constraints that students experience .
I , I do think they read to them when they are little .
Well that was for Dad .
Um , what other , now I know you worked with your dad in the beginning there when you were quite younger .
We invite you to sponsor a bench .
By 8:33 , it had reached its assigned cruising altitude of 31,000 feet .
Do you remember being read to when you were little ?
that Amelia wept confidentially on the housekeeper 's shoulder and relieved herself a good deal .
In addition , they overstated the FAA 's ability to provide the military with timely and useful information that morning .
Are your parents putting a lot of pressure on you ?
Um , I like this area a whole lot and it 's , it 's growing so much and I just want to be near my family so I can take care of them whenever they get older .
My dad he , I do n't know , he does n't think I 'm stupid , but he does n't he wants better for me , than what he has .
No finer education is available-anywhere .
But then , ha , ha that changed quickly .
Walked through her bedroom around 6:30 , seven o'clock in the morning you know .
Let 's look for Paua shells !
Consistent with Vygotsky 's concept of the zone , sensitive parents adjust the way they talk about emotions to fit children 's increasing competence .
The growth of private-label programs among retailers in the 1980s exemplifies this trend .
Formally defined as the standard deviation of demand divided by average demand , the coefficient of variation can be considered a measure of variation that is normalized ; it allows us to compare the variation of demand for different products , even if the average demand of the two products is quite different .
Also , if you enter jump , you get the synonyms for that ; but if you enter jumped , you get the -LRB- same -RRB- synonyms but inflected ` including the variants leapt , leaped for leap . All in all , for a relatively primitive system , it is not too bad ; but you would have to be in love with your computer to use it in preference to a far more complete books of synonyms available -LRB- especially The Synonym Finder , Rodale in the U.S. and Canada , Longman elsewhere , which offers more than 800,000 synonyms , more than three times the number listed in any other synonym book -RRB- .
bound in fetters , they work continually without being allowed any rest by night or day .
Exactly how a manager divides production between plants with different production costs and cycle times depends on the details of the situation , such as those presented in the cases above .
All the same , in one respect , Denis was right .
The user is offered a choice with man - a a tiger or other animal that has acquired the habit of eating a woman given to chasing , catching and devouring men .
They need real-time information regarding what goods their plants have in finished , work-in-process , and material inventories .
And that 's the way it stayed , the firefights there , in that place , and the firefights .
At 8:51 , the controller noticed the transponder change from United 175 and tried to contact the aircraft .
It 's the perfect time to make a world of difference .
Shortly after the first call , Barbara Olson reached her husband again .
Men of your caliber are hard to find .
Power in the form of electricity , water ` especially if items like jeans are to be washed ` and a phone are about all that is required .
In play , Alison thinks about paint colors , which need not be the color of her real room .
At 9:58:57 , Jarrah told another hijacker in the cockpit to block the door .
I can not wait to see a new perfume marketed under the name Mephitis , Osmatique , or Puanteur .
Putting another ply on top the same way creates an additional problem .
All of the above techniques rest , in one way or another , on the meanings of words .
Um , as a child , what did you like most about the story , as opposed to what you would like most about it now ?
The parent always in a hurry ` who says , when the child desires involvement , There is n't time , or who fails to insist that the child join in household tasks in keeping with his or her capacity ` severely limits the child 's learning .
It is as if you looked up , say , infer/imply in a usage manual and the author 's treatment , in place of an explanation and sound advice , were an unpleasant diatribe against anyone so dense and rude as to have had to look up the entry to begin with .
When you give to Big Sisters , you can get 50 percent back !
This means that after sewing a bundle of items of one color , an operator must not only change the needle thread but also put in a new bobbin for each new color of fabric .
This was the first of several occasions on 9/11 when flight attendants took action outside the scope of their training , which emphasized that in a hijacking , they were to communicate with the cockpit crew .
Finding the correct parts for a shirt can often involve a hunt through the plant .
In Sarasota , Florida , the presidential motorcade was arriving at the Emma E. Booker Elementary School , where President Bush was to read to a class and talk about education .
It was n't bad , The wine jogged my thoughts back to Muscat Ramble . Muscatel is made from muscat grapes , is sometimes called muscat , and , being relatively cheap and sweet and high in alcohol content , is the booze of choice for a great many wines .
There is no doubt that Randall enjoys her work .
As we strive to continue and improve upon our efforts for the community , it is our hope that you will join us by providing Keep Indianapolis Beautiful with a generous gift .
A more convincing case for Latin studies can be made on other grounds -LRB- if the study of ANY language requires pleading -RRB- .
Nor do our troubles end here .
Notwithstanding , even the brief glimpses afforded by such investigations can provide some insight into civilizations that existed hundreds or , in some cases , thousands of years earlier .
For example , one writer cites a preference for cunt over vagina , because of the latter 's derivation from a Latin word meaning ` sheath , ' often sheath for a sword . -RRB-
The IUPUI Challenger Scholars Program encourages bright and dedicated students who want to teach to continue in that career path .
Sweeney We are flying low .
This statement was also incorrect .
We have already seen how academically related tasks , family celebrations , family outings , and adult-child storybook reading are excellent focal points for adult-child engagement .
They would rather me stay in Nursing because they know that 's where my heart is but , um , you know , they 're behind me in whatever I decide to do .
So I did n't like that at first , and then , of course , you know , as the story unfolded , you would , uh , relate that to your own experiences of being afraid and , and learning to conquer those fears and that kind of thing .
There is really no excuse , Fowler says -LRB- not he says ! -RRB-
Men are seldom assigned to review them , possibly because the editor fears that they will be either ignorant of or unsympathetic to the issues raised , if not biased against them , or because the editor is a woman .
I hope you will take this opportunity to make a contribution to support SEND 's homeownership work .
But as Figure 7.9 suggests , a manufacturer can pay somewhat more to make certain units ` those with high weekly variation in sales ` in quick production lines and still reap a better return than it would by making all of the product in a less expensive , slower plant .
The slang of one military generation passes on to the next , so the Marines who called the Koreans gooks in the '50s and the Vietnamese gooks in the '60s and '70s were the linguistic heirs of the Marines who called the Nicaraguans gooks in 1912 .
Specific cliches ' working wife , working mother , house-wife , etc. ` are discussed , with sober explanations of why they are offensive and with suggestions for suitable alternatives .
What 's your favorite toy ?
These include impacts on its revenues -LRB- prices and sales -RRB- , cost structures , and profitability .
Kmart became the first major nonfood retailer to employ them as a means of tracking inventory in the early 1980s , several years before Walton made this technology a core building block of his distribution system .
Even the Scots are likely to give them more credit than that .
Alarm bells would not start ringing until these efforts-which could take five minutes or more-were tried and had failed .
At 10:00:03 , Jarrah stabilized the airplane .
bar code Not the ethics of the legal profession nor the law that interferes with the corner conviviality , but the small rectangle of stripes -LRB- bars -RRB- on store merchandise that provides coded pricing and inventory information to electronic scanners .
Finally , I would remind Mr. Henn that the point of the Vietnam war has nothing to do with whether we called the country ` Nam or Vietnam . It is that today Russian military personnel operate their ships and planes out of our former base complex at Cam Ranh Bay while the political language Ho Chi Minh imported from Moscow is now current through all of Indo-China .
-LRB- Careful feminist writers avoid unthinking use of imagery redolent of colonialism and militarism . -RRB-
The Vice President again said yes .
The Chairman was out of the country .
From this and other evidence , we believe the hijacking began at 8:14 or shortly thereafter .
But for 8 minutes and 13 seconds , between 8:56 and 9:05 , this primary radar information on American 77 was not displayed to controllers at Indianapolis Center .
This can lead to a condition called imprinting , where the baby grows up thinking it is a people instead of a duck .
Yiddish is written in the characters of the Hebrew alphabet and from right to left and enjoys borrowing words from Russian , Polish , English , and all the other languages and countries along the routes that Jews have traveled during the past thousand years .
Shortly thereafter , the passengers and flight crew began a series of calls from GTE airphones and cellular phones .
Indeed , Washington wore a dark brown suit , entirely made in America , for his first inaugural on April 30 , 1789 .
Then a unique marker must be created that combines different orders using the same fabric .
Tillie Olsen identifies silent periods when women are diverted from their work by needs of their families ; Spender talks of silence upon silence that has kept women 's experience from being encoded ; Adrienne Rich , in On Lies , Secrets and Silences , sees women 's struggle for self-determination muffled or silenced over and over ; most recently , Sandra Gilbert and Susan Gubar chart women authors ' apparent alienation from language , their frequent use of pseudonyms an attempt at renaming or , really , naming themselves .
There is no doubt that Randall enjoys her work .
Big Sisters are mentors and friends who empower girls to more fully reach their potential , experience life 's opportunities and perhaps begin to dream .
Oh yeah , I want to quit early today .
We are most grateful for your support in whatever amount you can spare !
We discuss the trade-off arising from providing new products with little information on consumer demand -LRB- fashion products -RRB- and replenishing items on the basis of sales -LRB- historically limited to more basic products -RRB- in detail in Chapter 6 .
I am happy to report that we have reached our 50 person minimum and the Class of '58 will be celebrating , as planned , at the Holiday Inn on Saturday , September 18 at 6:30 .
He said he had not heard any prior discussion on the subject with the President .
Bin Ladin apparently kept his options open , maintaining contacts with Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , who , though an Islamic extremist , was also one of the Taliban 's most militant opponents .
Then they left , they left for the mountain , they went on up .
During the course of the morning , there were multiple erroneous reports of hijacked aircraft .
This simple fact of sewing makes it very difficult to automate the process .
Miller describes the generally high self-control the Chinese children in these families displayed ` listening attentively to elders and complying without reminders .
Nine months earlier -LRB- before the child could talk -RRB- , the family had taken the same walk .
Michael was born with cerebral palsy .
No one at the FAA or the airlines that day had ever dealt with multiple hijackings .
Such fund are often used for college tuition , vocational training or a deposit on an apartment .
You 've got three kids now .
However , their cumulative effect tends to be overpowering .
The FAA , the White House , and the Defense Department each initiated a multiagency teleconference before 9:30 .
Cathedral provided us with a good education and a great foundation for our futures .
We do not have to differentiate between military or civilian .
finding an interesting shell on the beach -LRB- Looks like Mom 's shiny necklace .
Army , and became an instructor at Fort Bragg .
Here , the object of play is the written form of the answer , or , more precisely , the letters of which that form consists .
To achieve the 90 percent cloth utilization typical of this kind of production , one needs to combine six pairs of pants into one marker .
Children of highly involved fathers score better on measures of intelligence , school achievement , mature social behavior , and fiexible beliefs about gender roles ` in short , on all the positive outcomes associated with maternal employment .
Between 7:03 and 7:39 , Saeed al Ghamdi , Ahmed al Nami , Ahmad al Haznawi , and Ziad Jarrah checked in at the United Airlines ticket counter for Flight 93 , going to Los Angeles .
When I first came to Goodwill I was a single parent with little or no self-esteem .
The business grew and eventually , he was helping thousands nationwide .
The program could be an important boon to productivity and competitiveness .
Though Turabi had been its inspirational leader , General Omar al Bashir , president since 1989 , had never been entirely under his thumb .
-LRB- Origin unknown ; not from Gaelic -RRB- I think it hardly fanciful to discern a note of Calvinist disapproval in this curt disclaimer .
Because introducing changes at any step may unbalance the system as a whole , technological innovations have not easily found their way into the sewing room ` which may be out of sync with what an integrated retail-apparel-textile channel requires .
It truly was my life in high school .
Any dollar amount you wish to contribute is fine .
The creation of a national highway system in the 1950s further fostered the development of mass retailing by opening vast new spaces in suburban malls .
IUPUI envisions a complete and unified university campus , one that will become a model for public higher education for the nation 's cities .
And how was growing up in Charlotte ?
I 'm from New York .
Consider sponsoring 1 , 2 , or 3 children .
At the same time , these regimes had closed off nearly all paths for peaceful opposition , forcing their critics to choose silence , exile , or violent opposition .
Well , let 's see , there 's I guess one of the favorite author 's of mine is Isaac Asimov who wrote some of the best science and science fiction that was ever written .
Onomatopoeia has a long , honorable , and pleasurable history ` from Aristophanes ' brek-ke-kex ko-ax ko-ax to Kermit 's ribbet , ribbet ` from majestic lines in ancient epic poetry to simple , homey words like plop , splash , and murmur . In every language and time , the sound and look of some words have given clues to their their sound has suggested their sense .
Exactly how a manager divides production between plants with different production costs and cycle times depends on the details of the situation , such as those presented in the cases above .
Recently a project ' arose that should be interesting to you as a former student who struggled to clear the financial hurdle of education .
Beyond English , entry into the guild may mean acquiring a special language of education -LRB- such as French in Senegal and English in Kenya -RRB- , because many of the world 's tongues are not yet -LRB- and may not ever be -RRB- part of the circle of standardized print languages in which the work of the guild can be conducted .
She learns that you can consider possibilities and choose among them , thereby controlling eventual outcomes .
At 9:37:46 , American Airlines Flight 77 crashed into the Pentagon , traveling at approximately 530 miles per hour .
Were you to visit a school on an Israeli kibbutz -LRB- cooperative agricultural settlement -RRB- , you would find an explicit emphasis on cooperation and avoidance of pupil comparisons , and a far more positive attitude toward children who seek help than is common in American schools .
After an adult describes and demonstrates some activity -LRB- for example , putting a teddy bear to bed -RRB- , 1-year-olds who as yet have little language can easily reproduce the main steps in correct sequence with toys .
He uses cultural and religious allusions to the holy Qur ` an and some of its interpreters .
A more emphatic adjective is perjinkety ; and it has the noun perjinkity , defined as a nicety .
These dialogues occur frequently and spontaneously as adults and children spend time together ` in everyday situations such as household chores , mealtimes , play , storybook reading , outings in the community , and children 's eorts to acquire all sorts of skills .
By the year 2000 .
Or if they ever will at all ?
The whole idea of such a procedure is enough to make one sweat bullets .
Well , it was n't light yet when the gunfire starts .
The time was 9:38 .
Lonq live Spring Creek Prairie !
We would like to announce the success of this year 's campaign at the Annual Meeting on April 27 , so please return you pledge or gift within the next 30 days .
Address your remarks to the chair illustrates metonymy , a figure of speech in which something is called by the name of something else associated with it .
Intelligence clearly linked the bombing to Libya 's Colonel Muammar Qadhafi .
Besides going to Valencia for paella , the compleat traveler in Spain should experience duende . This is not easy to arrange , however , for duende , unlike paella , can not be made to order .
The top thread is then pulled up by the take-up arm .
Chapter 10 considers how new human resource practices that allow for short-cycle production , in concert with the use of information technology , can positively affect the performance of suppliers .
Why are horse and cow lying down ? Kevin asked .
Men 's clothing has generally been made in long production runs with only small variations among styles in a given year and relatively little change from year to year .
No it has n't because my grades are still pretty bad .
You still do .
First , preschoolers easily misunderstand televised material .
I have n't tried opium , but can not imagine that Opium smells much like an opium den ; and it is impossible to guess at what the millennium will smell like .
By now , you should have received registration materials for the Fall Alumni Dental Conference .
The phrase brave new world is now synonymous with a nightmarish , technically advanced society .
As always , please feel free to visit our campus .
Bin Ladin began delivering diatribes against the United States before he left Saudi Arabia .
That must be a really big deal .
Enclosed is a specially prepared and entertaining crossword puzzle that challenges your knowledge about the law school .
The operation was carried out principally , perhaps exclusively , by Saudi Hezbollah , an organization that had received support from the government of Iran .
6 million grant from Lilly Endowment Inc. .
We can support such a scholarship if you will give $ 25.00 to the English Alumni Scholarship Fund .
As we come to a close of our fiscal year , would you please help us again ?
It 's just one of those things that you know , you just do n't think people want to hear much about these days .
The first is that I find their interpretation of the evidence often skewed ; the second is that while adjustment to lexicon , which they have always strongly advocated , is one thing , modification of grammar is another .
FAA headquarters began to follow the hijack protocol but did not contact the NMCC to request a fighter escort .
However , it was seen at the time as a success .
The pilots knew their mission was to divert aircraft , but did not know that the threat came from hijacked airliners .
Children become better at taking the perspective of their partner , especially a partner who adjusts his or her communication to the child 's level and observes the child closely to assess his or her comprehension .
How will that compare to the number who would buy the same product but with a short pant length ?
His marriage , Sears guessed , would have been unsuccessful and his children would have difficulty finding themselves .
Um , I do n't think I 'll be able to settle down here though , because most of my relatives live up north .
She reported that the pilot had announced that the flight had been hijacked , and she asked her husband what she should tell the captain to do .
But another aircraft was heading toward Washington , an aircraft about which NORAD had heard United 93 .
Na , that 's the only one they told me .
Because he knew little about the cattle business and cared less , he never got around to branding his stock .
And it was nice talking to you .
The utopian communes of anarchists , socialists , and hippies , for example , have not even dented it .
Still no response .
I am asking that you consider supporting our efforts once again this year with a similar gift .
I can think of no better time to continue extending grace to others than at Easter .
I told him , I 'm coming .
He passed this inspection .
-LSB- the tenor -RSB- brings the opera to its climax in his final suicide .
Do you ever tell this story yourself ?
OK , I thought so .
-LRB- The Amalgamated and ILGWU merged in 1995 to form the Union of Needletrades , Industrial and Textile Employees ` or UNITE ! -RRB-
Bin Ladin now had a vision of himself as head of an international jihad confederation .
U.S. intelligence estimates put the total number of fighters who underwent instruction in Bin Ladin-supported camps in Afghanistan from 1996 through 9/11 at 10,000 to 20,000 .
To answer this question , Vygotsky pointed out , we must identify the distinctive features of make-believe play ` those that make it unique among young children 's experiences .
Letters in support or condemnation of the QES program -LRB- though one may assume they will insist on programme -RRB- should be addressed to Mrs Anne Shelley , Secretary , Queen 's English Society , 3 Manor Crescent , Guildford GU2 6NF , England .
This is New York Center .
But we know that at 10:31 , General Larry Arnold instructed his staff to broadcast the following over a NORAD instant messaging 10:31 Vice president has cleared to us to intercept tracks of interest and shoot them down if they do not respond per -LSB- General Arnold -RSB- .
Low-cost labor overseas and the increasing penetration of imports have certainly undercut American apparel manufacturers ; apparel imports grew rapidly in most categories starting in the mid-1970s .
and that sounds like good ad copy to me .
Campbell held that the ancient mythologies and religions are allegorical and that there was no real distinction between gods and goddesses , who were given sexual identity when in human form only to make them more meaningful .
In addition to these dimensions , there are quarterly collections of different fabrics .
He next spoke to Vice President Cheney , Dr. Rice , New York Governor George Pataki , and FBI Director Robert Mueller .
Chinese mothers typically corrected the child What did you say ?
The duty officer replied that security personnel at headquarters had just begun discussing the apparent hijack on a conference call with the New England regional office .
The going gets tougher , however , as the two meanings of the answer move further
And this is , I guess , after , after high school , kind of right before college , actually , while I was in college , before I went away to school , while I was still in Brooklyn .
The entry for get one 's goat , for example ,
The total production quantity for each SKU is allocated between the two plants .
You ca n't do it with your hands ; you need a peeler .
Where ellipses occur , I have not bothered to copy down the entire list of offerings , selecting only those that struck me as odd , either because of the incongruity of the choice or because I could not , in the wildest flights of dyslexic , schizophrenic-fancy , imagine the criteria employed in arriving at the selections .
More importantly , these state-centered regimes placed their highest priority on preserving the elite 's grip on national wealth .
I still read history .
The Taliban leader Mullah Omar promptly invited Bin Ladin to move to Kandahar , ostensibly in the interests of Bin Ladin 's own security but more likely to situate him where he might be easier to control .
She responded by throwing down the block and turning to another activity .
When we consider how much the set is on during school holidays and summer vacations , children spend more time watching TV than they do in any other waking activity , including going to school and interacting with family members or peers .
With your personal commitment , the IUPUI Chancellor will be able to act sooner and more effectively when special opportunities arise .
-LRB- Origin unknown ; not from Gaelic -RRB- I think it hardly fanciful to discern a note of Calvinist disapproval in this curt disclaimer .
Clarke reported that they were asking the President for authority to shoot down aircraft .
Tillie Olsen identifies silent periods when women are diverted from their work by needs of their families ; Spender talks of silence upon silence that has kept women 's experience from being encoded ; Adrienne Rich , in On Lies , Secrets and Silences , sees women 's struggle for self-determination muffled or silenced over and over ; most recently , Sandra Gilbert and Susan Gubar chart women authors ' apparent alienation from language , their frequent use of pseudonyms an attempt at renaming or , really , naming themselves .
It seems silly to separate Gruy ?  re the cheese from Gruy ?  re the place in Switzerland whence it comes ' indeed , the latter is not even an entry in the geographical sections of either dictionary .
Hani Hanjour , Khalid al Mihdhar , and Majed Moqed were flagged by CAPPS .
Between ages 3 and 4 , this detachment of make-believe symbols from the real-life conditions they stand for is well developed .
We classify the SKUs into three those with high demand -LRB- averaging 5,700 units a week -RRB- and low demand variation -LRB- Cv = 0.6 -RRB- , those with medium demand -LRB- averaging 3,000 units a week -RRB- and medium demand variation -LRB- Cv = 0.7 -RRB- , and those with low demand -LRB- averaging 1,300 units a week -RRB- and high demand variation -LRB- Cv = 1.3 -RRB- .
And , and years later we ended up living in the place where that took place and the , uh , and it was not something that was , uh , not a subject that people liked to talk about because many of the people in town knew the young man who was charged with that murder .
Like when I lived at home , we did not get along at all for anything in the world ; we would fight all the time .
The hijackers were wearing red bandanas , and they forced the passengers to the back of the aircraft .
Children must do their own work .
Although a seemingly mundane , tactical aspect of business , a firm 's inventory strategy reflects its approach to managing risk .
Also , if you enter jump , you get the synonyms for that ; but if you enter jumped , you get the -LRB- same -RRB- synonyms but inflected ` including the variants leapt , leaped for leap . All in all , for a relatively primitive system , it is not too bad ; but you would have to be in love with your computer to use it in preference to a far more complete books of synonyms available -LRB- especially The Synonym Finder , Rodale in the U.S. and Canada , Longman elsewhere , which offers more than 800,000 synonyms , more than three times the number listed in any other synonym book -RRB- .
A member of the Muslim Brotherhood executed in 1966 on charges of attempting to overthrow the government , Qutb mixed Islamic scholarship with a very superficial acquaintance with Western history and thought .
Out of this interconnection springs mastery , proficiency , and self-confidence .
Nine other classes will be participating in this effort , as well .
Wisdom on the scone - pronunciation issue was shown by Sir Ernest Gowers in his 1965 revision of H.W.
The airplane headed down ; the control wheel was turned hard to the right .
It was kind of , it 's sort of , it seemed unfair to me to , um , to subject her to that , and plus , I mean , the schedule was just starting to take a toll on me as well , and you can only put in so many 80 hour weeks before you kind of break down from it .
Students will provide dental health education for homeless patients as well .
Let 's get it right .
He searched along the plane 's projected flight path and the airspace to the southwest where it had started to turn .
The video footage indicates that he was carrying an unidentified item in his back pocket , clipped to its rim .
Please call Sharyl Hamblen at 921-2049 or Kim Gattle at 921-2056 if you have any questions .
But , as a British journalist might say , we should be told .
To many , it is significant that the privilege of naming , granted to Adam , was denied to Eve .
I can remember Mom and Dad saying Grandmom in the kitchen hollering , Daddy , Daddy , Daddy I wish you would n't talk like that in front of the girls .
NORAD officials have maintained consistently that had the passengers not caused United 93 to crash , the military would have prevented it from reaching Washington , D.C.
Most federal agencies learned about the crash in New York from CNN .
When parents do make an eort , preschoolers watch less TV , find educational programs more appealing , and more often view shows with their parents .
And although the wages of nonsupervisory workers in retail have been and still are quite low ,9 the compensation system for buyers provided substantial rewards for favorable results .
A lot of his books are n't really fiction but scientific essays that he prepared for publication .
Take a few moments to list five or six competencies of a child you know well .
As the explorer Ernest Giles put it , the explorer 's experience is a baptism worse than that of fire ` the baptism of no water .
You want to be down anymore than anybody else , so --
L uses a version of what I call the Moo Goo Gai Pan or Ah-oo-gah system , favored by newspapers because , though primitive , it is virtually unlike the W system , which requires even a casual user to deal with distinctions between a ?? , \ ? \ , ? $ and a \ ?
Macbeth 's action to have the bond canceled becomes null and void .
The people of Batavia on the Hopi Reservation in northern Arizona were motivated by their desire to rekindle traditional cultural values among younger generations when , with the help of Futures for Children , they decided to restore traditional terrace gardens at the edge of their village - gardens that had been abandoned for decades .
These findings are not an indictment of maternal employment or nonparental child care .
Mr. Joseph Hymes ' Do Mistake'Learn Better -LSB- XV ,1 -RSB- brought to mind the time a Japanese acquaintance told me of a friend of hers who decided to tackle the original English version of three books she had enjoyed while in Japan .
His generous contribution to dentistry in 1971 has helped twenty-five orthodontic students so far to meet educational expenses ; and more students will receive scholarships this year .
Please join with us to see that happy endings do continue .
These funds would insure that scholarships are available to students as long as there are students to support .
If a retail customer pays a premium for a custom pair of jeans , dress shirt , or suit , that customer will expect the item to be delivered to her home within days , not weeks or months .
Proposition 3 The assembly room ` the traditional focus of attention for industry competitiveness ` can provide competitive benefits only if other more fundamental changes in manufacturing practice have been introduced .
' Perhaps it was so called because it opens in morning and closes at night , or because of its eyelike shape .
At best , experience with different combinations of waist sizes and leg lengths for a given design allows a scheduler to aggregate the units to be made into groups of large and small sizes , which means marker-makers can achieve efficiencies near 90 percent for casual pants .
Rice , who entered the room shortly after the Vice President and sat next to him , remembered hearing him inform the President , Sir , the CAPs are up .
Sewing rooms are generally arranged in rows of workers , each seated at a machine doing one operation on a bundle of parts .
Third , no middle ground exists in what Qutb conceived as a struggle between God and Satan .
West side of Charlotte .
Some of Bin Ladin 's companies ran short of funds .
Ted is a single father with three children under 10 .
Understanding is the key .
Admittedly , there is no such thing as perfect synonymy , but the meanings of many pairs of words are close enough for this term to be used in the context of a pastime like crosswords .
This fund has given us , the members of the Indiana Dental Association , the opportunity to make a direct investment in the quality of dental education in our state .
Um , is the United States your , uh , birth country ?
Your gift in this area has a direct impact on a student 's continuing education .
and that sounds like good ad copy to me .
Orwell constructed an alternative future in his vision of the totalitarian state , Nineteen Eighty-Four . The work has given English a small lode of the title itself connotes a society marked by government terror and propaganda destroying the public 's consciousness of reality -LRB- the OED Supplement also accepts 1984 and 1984-ish as adjective forms -RRB- ; that government 's official language , Newspeak , now indicates the propagandistic or ambiguous language of , among others , politicians , bureaucrats , and broadcasters -LRB- revenue enhancement for tax increase , etc. -RRB- ; the twisting of minds to the capacity to accept the validity of utterly contradictory opinions or beliefs , or double-think ; the book 's head of state , Big Brother , implies an apparently benevolent , but really ruthless , omnipotent , and omniscient state authority .
YMCA International Conference -- Four delegates -LRB- 3 volunteers and 1 staff attended the YMCA International Conference in Toronto , Canada in October .
They did n't answer .
That , the sun had n't come up yet , it was still like , five in the morning .
I see the rather boring point about using alumni to cover both men and women , and I quite agree that the use of relatively newer and less widely used terms like authoress , aviatrix , and poetess seems to be a deliberate , unwarranted attempt to identify someone as a female ; but a graduate of the feminine gender is a ` woman graduate ' = alumna , the ` first woman dancer in a ballet company ' is a prima ballerina -LRB- I 've never heard of a prime ballerino -RRB- , and a ` woman opera star ' is a diva or prima donna . I hesitate to point out that we use prima donna of men , too , because my critics will say that they disapprove of the term 's second life as designating a temperamental person of either sex .
The FAA , the White House , and the Defense Department each initiated a multiagency teleconference before 9:30 .
The measurements must still be transmitted to a CAD system that will automatically alter the pattern to conform to specific body measurements .
Congratulations on the completion of your bachelor 's degree from Purdue University School of Engineering and Technology at IUPUI .
Please use the enclosed reply card and the postage-paid envelope to make your contribution .
Die-cutters are much safer when fully automated , but building computerized loading and unloading features into the machine adds cost .
Do you read Dr. Seuss ?
However , some recent studies explore the connection between development of linguistic gender and sex/gender , and the question of anatomically determined language is fashionable . -RRB-
Bin Ladin had to tell the Libyans who had been part of his Islamic army that he could no longer protect them and that they had to leave the country .
Such a clue for COCK might adult male of the domestic fowl .
I love them all to death , but what they do , does n't like reflect who I am --
Each year Cathedral High School makes a general solicitation of parents , alumni and friends .
This was followed by a second radio transmission , with sounds of screaming .
Several are noted
In the case of the suit manufacturer with plants in different locations , each individual suit is made from shell fabric cut from the same roll and generally the same ply of cloth on the lay table .
Turning a corner of the Mazza Gallerie into a women 's tennis store , I was startled to see ...
I hope you will take this opportunity to make a contribution to support SEND 's homeownership work .
The first pertains to operational performance , or the ability of a supplier to respond to lean retailing replenishment requirements .
It ill behooves me , excoriated recently as enamored of the cheap larf , to criticize Safire 's arch puns , which permeate ' enliven is probably the word his editor would use ` his articles , but I find some kinds of humor unsuitable for reading , however they might evoke a chuckle when uttered viva voce . A handful of examples , from the book at
Are you sure you want to be telling people that ?
Without a nationally regulated and generously subsidized child-care system , formal child care in the United States is in much shorter supply and considerably more costly for parents than it is in other industrialized nations .
Chapter 3 , Generalizations , treats with good sense methods that can be employed to avoid sexism in a wide variety of constructions .
Return the completed card with your check by October 15 to receive an invitation to a special artist dinner on November 8 .
Because a reduction in the I/S ratio means that changes in sales will be matched by a smaller change in inventories , a lower ratio also implies lower inventory volatility .
Marr sought authorization to scramble the Otis fighters .
She might add that there is a 50 percent probability that demand will fall between six and thirteen units .
Oh , you want a cracker !
Of course , if a researcher tampers with the evidence , making a unilateral , unsupported claim or assumption that a word means something that it does not , then that does not constitute semantic it is what is known as dirty work at the crossroads , and M and S are indulging in a bit of mischief by suggesting that semantic change either has taken place or is taking place because they have some evidence that a certain change in usage had crept in .
I hope you 'll think of Wanda and other mothers ' prayers and dreams this Mother 's Day .
Quality assembly of garments from pieces of material cut according to a particular pattern involves operations that can be carried out almost anywhere in the world .
The flight attendants would have begun their cabin service .
Go in for an extra long lunch .
Hmm , well , I had some teachers that were really , um , influential about what I read and their love for literature .
Partnership with YMCA of Liberia - In 1998 , we continued our efforts to help the YMCA of Liberia re-establish after 7 years of civil war .
The opposite of point-blank is hanging fire , ` undecided , up in the air .
'Cause we have got confirmation - He did not land .
When they learned a second plane had struck the World Trade Center , nearly everyone in the White House told us , they immediately knew it was not an accident .
And it was one afternoon I was out playing on the uh , sidewalk and uh Mom was , Mom was in the kitchen doing something and I was , I guess pretending to act like a salesman and I went up to the front door and rang the doorbell .
The entry for get one 's goat , for example ,
Cobuild and CED are far from being such polar opposites , but they exemplify this general point .
Gifts of $ 40.00 add up to provide valuable funding .
About five minutes after the hijacking began , Betty Ong contacted the American Airlines Southeastern Reservations Office in Cary , North Carolina , via an AT&T airphone to report an emergency aboard the flight .
Well that was for Dad .
A carpenter .
The pilots knew their mission was to divert aircraft , but did not know that the threat came from hijacked airliners .
for ` family hold back , ' an exhortation ensuring ample provender for guests .
Between 8:25 and 8:32 , in accordance with the FAA protocol , Boston Center managers started notifying their chain of command that American 11 had been hijacked .
Our pleasure !
Definitely the freedom , definitely the freedom .
And he said , What 's going on ?
Use of continuous review allows retailers to achieve a higher service level with a lower amount of inventory .
Indeed , retailers like Wal-Mart Stores , Kmart Corporation , and Dillard 's Inc. have been the driving forces behind changes in manufacturing and logistics systems in a way that was unheard of in Bond Stores ' time .
My sisters seemed to get a good kick out of it .
Community needs are increasing and your help is needed more than ever .
A common sight in China -LRB- either one -RRB- is two individuals closely observing the upturned , outstretched palm of one while the other draws ideographs on that palm with a forefinger .
Although I do enjoy Spring and March here .
And how they use to take their lunches to school and some of the things they took for lunch like fatback meat biscuits and -- .
On a farm and uh , she has some wild and crazy stories that she sat and shared with us .
The knife and motor are supported above the base plate by a frame .
Textile mills at their outset often provided the principal employment in the locality .
Let 's see , recent authors You 've probably never heard of any of these , but Gregory Benford is very good , these are science fiction , uh , see David Grant , science fiction that is real good .
Oh , you want a cracker !
The Hadith , which recount Mohammed 's sayings and deeds as recorded by his contemporaries , are another fundamental source .
From an air traffic controller 's perspective , that meant maintaining a safe distance between airborne aircraft .
Um , as a child , what did you like most about the story , as opposed to what you would like most about it now ?
While Bin Ladin maintained his own al Qaeda guesthouses and camps for vetting and training recruits , he also provided support to and benefited from the broad infrastructure of such facilities in Afghanistan made available to the global network of Islamist movements .
Acquiring Cultural Beliefs and Values .
Apparel workplaces have historically been located in major metropolitan areas ` New York , Chicago , Philadelphia , Rochester , Baltimore , Cleveland , St. Louis ` and drawn on successive waves of immigrants .
But you held it did n't you ?
Make-believe play , Vygotsky asserted , helps preschoolers conquer these impulses by granting the child repeated practice in acting independently of what he sees .
And he said , Do n't play , the soldier said , do n't play , he said , innocent , he said , in that house , I , our house is huge , and I stayed locked up , because just me and my son lived , my baby son , tiny , and me , and well , that 's all .
I guarantee you 'll feel good knowing you 've helped us touch a heart .
The Secret Service initiated a number of security enhancements around the White House complex .
At 9:39 , the NMCC 's deputy director for operations , a military officer , opened the call from the Pentagon , which had just been hit .
Wisdom on the scone - pronunciation issue was shown by Sir Ernest Gowers in his 1965 revision of H.W.
These include impacts on its revenues -LRB- prices and sales -RRB- , cost structures , and profitability .
Yes , I understand .
From the outset of the factory system in woven apparel , after cloth has been laid out and cut in the configurations of patterns for various sizes , the cut parts have been grouped by parts of the garment ` fronts , backs , sleeves , patches for pockets , collars ` and tied together into bundles for operators , who sew together individual parts ` hence the term bundle system .
By 9:08 , the mission crew commander at NEADS learned of the second explosion at the World Trade Center and decided against holding the fighters in military airspace away from
Worst of all , Wanda had to deal with this worsening problem as she was trying to succeed at her new job .
He decided to make a brief statement from the school before leaving for the airport .
Mr. Delaney is a victim of the confusion so often experienced by Latin students between the gerund , which is a neuter noun , active in meaning , and the gerundive , which is an adjective of similar form , but passive in meaning .
I should worry .
My sisters seemed to get a good kick out of it .
Or they try to get another person to do something ` to hand them an object or help them perform a task ` by reaching , pointing , and making sounds at the same time .
The airlines bore responsibility , too .
Let us now pass on to the names of some clothing items that Texans borrowed and then passed on to the rest of the sombrero , mantilla , poncho , rebozo , serape , and huarache . A number of animals and vegetables followed the same avocado from aguacate ; mesquite ; sapodilla from zapote ; guayule ; coyote ; armadillo ; ocelot from ocelote ; chaparral ; and javalina from jabalina . Since cattle ranching is common to both sides of the border , it should come as no surprise that there has been an exchange of ranch-related lariat from la reata ; bronco ; lasso from lazo ; rodeo ; chaps from chaparreras ; charro ; hackamore from j ?  quima ; mustang from mestengo ; and quirt from cuerda or cuarta .
Do you plan on staying in Charlotte ?
He dia , diagnosed me as having acute leukemia and um , this was when I lived back in Raleigh .
I mean , just mostly because my family lives up there and I enjoy being up there .
Thanks for your courtesy in reviewing this request .
At 9:27 , after having been in the air for 45 minutes , United 93 acknowledged a transmission from the Cleveland Center controller .
In 1989 , the law school received $ 38,912 in matching gifts from 55 companies .
He An air attack against North America may be in progress .
The first is that I find their interpretation of the evidence often skewed ; the second is that while adjustment to lexicon , which they have always strongly advocated , is one thing , modification of grammar is another .
You can stop .
You should n't drink that non-pasteurized milk , but hey , it never hurt us .
Both pilots had been killed -LRB- reported by one flight attendant -RRB- .
-LRB- The Shia are dominant in Iran . -RRB-
Software can prevent lines from being cut twice ; it can control the touchy job of cutting the apex of wedge-shaped pieces by approaching the point from both sides of the wedge rather than attempting to cut around the tip .
Chinese mothers typically corrected the child What did you say ?
There is a term in English for a tennis player reaching a height , for a brief stretch or longer , when he can not miss , and tennis people call it zoning . I have not heard it used in other cases , but when used it seems to equal tener duende . I do not know whether that use of duende has reached Portuguese speakers in Brazil or Portugal , but if it has not , it probably will soon , because so many Portuguese speakers are bilingual in Spanish .
The following appears , in bold italics , on page 8 :
However , some recent studies explore the connection between development of linguistic gender and sex/gender , and the question of anatomically determined language is fashionable . -RRB-
Um , but he 'd bend down and stay down to help that dog .
As a member , your voice will be added to those of others across the state , with the message that we can and must create caring communities that support families and shelter children .
But under rapid replenishment arrangements , the inventory risk is now assumed by the apparel manufacturer ; consequently assembly time is now very important .
Every Japan veteran has his list of favorite mistakes .
The so-called diskette is a flat black square of rather tough plastic with a hole in the middle and an oblong slot on each of the flat sides ; it is said to be 5 inches square , but that is a as the only person who probably ever measured one of these things , I can tell you it is 53/16 inches square ; that may seem irrelevant , but it is only the beginning of the Great Deception .
There is nothing ungrammatical or wrong about saying She 's a real Johnny-comelately , but it grates .
He was simply making extortionate exactions upon his wretched lessees .
I mean , like my junior year of high school the first dress I ever owned was my junior year prom dress !
Its overall influence is profound but undiscussed , although aspects of that influence are discussed constantly , under headings like language , education , standards , literacy , literature , science , and medicine .
Gifts to United Way helped provide shelter , medical care , counseling and job placement to end his homelessness .
That may sound like a lot .
He could attract , train , and use recruits for ever more ambitious attacks , rallying new adherents with each demonstration that his was the movement of the future .
So , what I am going to ask you is what was your philosophy behind that ?
In the succeeding minutes , controllers were attempting to ascertain the altitude of the southbound flight .
Because a reduction in the I/S ratio means that changes in sales will be matched by a smaller change in inventories , a lower ratio also implies lower inventory volatility .
The school received 1,437 applications to seat 260 students in the 1992 entering class .
My cousin 's .
The plane is making strange moves .
Any dollar amount you wish to contribute is fine .
Authoritative parenting , whether assessed through direct observation or older children 's ratings of their parents ' communication , is linked to many aspects of competence .
At 8:44 , Gonzalez reported losing phone contact with Ong .
Make-believe play is yet another .
Increasingly , analysts and public policy makers discuss trade issue in terms of the emergence of a significant and growing inequality in compensation between production and nonsupervisory workers , on the one hand , and managerial , supervisory , or exempt employees and professionals on the other .
The Salvation Army received a note not long ago from a woman who makes contributions to our programs from time to time .
So anyway , so we , uh , got some response and , and kind of adjusted things , but after , uh , after a while we kind of went our separate ways .
Some remain profoundly impaired by inadequate adult investment in their childhoods .
Some of Bin Ladin 's close comrades were more peers than subordinates .
Because a reduction in the I/S ratio means that changes in sales will be matched by a smaller change in inventories , a lower ratio also implies lower inventory volatility .
Obese is a compound of two Latin words , the prefix , ob - ` over ' + `` dere '' eat .
Um , now why did you decide to stay in Charlotte to go to school ?
Bin Ladin 's Historical Opportunity Most Muslims prefer a peaceful and inclusive vision of their faith , not the violent sectarianism of Bin Ladin .
There is conflicting evidence about when the Vice President arrived in the shelter conference room .
The Audubon Nature Centers are among the most serene and pristine places on Earth .
OK , well um , are there any particular stories related to this or anything else you enjoy reading now or um , I mean , is there anything looking at what you experienced , is there anything , any type of stories that you like to read now or that you like to hear about now ?
Projects which enliven and enrich the student experience and draw some of our finest scholars and teachers to our campus -- and to our city .
Incoming strays increased by 19 percent over the last three years and is expected to continue to climb .
Several FAA air traffic control officials told us it was the air carriers ' responsibility to notify their planes of security problems .
This is a story that my dad told me when I was small , a long time ago that , there was a girl that , she was very young , she was going to go visit her parents .
All that day , we did n't get up -LRB- off the floor -RRB- .
One recipient of a call from the aircraft recounted specifically asking her caller whether the hijackers had guns .
They typically determined the specifications of the goods purchased , the volume purchased , and the price to be charged to customers at retail .
We wo n't let her see the tape .
Duende -LSB- XV , 1 -RSB- may be absent in Italian and French , as Mr. Bria assures us , but it is alive and prospering in Portuguese .
One common way of measuring inventory is to calculate the I/S ratio ` that is , the ratio of total finished good inventories to total sales .
After the Saudis agreed to allow U.S. armed forces to be based in the Kingdom , Bin Ladin and a number of Islamic clerics began to publicly denounce the arrangement .
At the same time , the Sudanese regime began to change .
And I remember that being , appearing to be so far in the future .
In order to study performance we must first examine how different manufacturing practices fit together for suppliers .
Um , I read some of the same books that they had read to me , first , and then , as I got older , I just got hungry for books .
They have a place here too .
The idiom dressed to the nines could be from Middle English dressed to then eynes ` dressed to the eyes .
You do n't know .
What was , well you clearly remember this story , but once you got a little older and could remember a little better , what would you say some of your favorite stories and books were , as a child growing up ?
This year IUPUI is celebrating 25 years in partnership .
Feminists have much to say about men 's claim that women talk too much .
Five calls described the intent of passengers and surviving crew members to revolt against the hijackers .
television viewing .
Please help make that same opportunity available to some deserving students today .
But the second reads like gobbledygook while the first tries to provide some basic notion of what is involved and where it is applied while , at the same time , gently notifying users that they are going to have to seek elsewhere for a proper definition , the understanding of which requires far more backgound in mathematics and logic than can be assumed in the average user .
It is not widely recognized that in our community there are families in need .
Your National Audubon Society membership also gives you the opportunity to be part of the Audubon Network .
They come into a Pleasant Run program ... whether it 's for therapeutic help in their own homes -LRB- which nurtures whole families -RRB- , through foster care families or in the familial surroundings of our residential homes .
In their testimony and in other public accounts , NORAD officials also stated that the Langley fighters were scrambled to respond to the notifications about American 77,178 United 93 , or both .
' Perhaps it was so called because it opens in morning and closes at night , or because of its eyelike shape .
Please make checks payable to IU Foundation for the Timothy J. O'Leary Periodontal Endowment Fund .
Please help make that same opportunity available to some deserving students today .
But , um , It 's not like I 'll never come back and visit or anything like that .
Machines are laid out in a manner that speeds up shuttling a bin of garment bundles from operator to operator .
These measures were precautionary steps taken because of the strikes in New York .
Similarly , the probability of adopting modular systems in 1992 was 54 percent compared with 30 percent if bar codes and EDI were not both present .
Air Force One departed at about 9:54 without any fixed destination .
Muslims believe that these revelations , given to the greatest and last of a chain of prophets stretching from Abraham through Jesus , complete God 's message to humanity .
Most federal agencies learned about the crash in New York from CNN .
Unfortunately , with this famous Lipschitz diamond comes also the famous Lipschitz curse .
Let 's assume that the store 's demand for the size-8 Levi 's jeans last week can be described by the distribution in Figure 6.1 .
O brave new world , / That has such people in ` t.
Um , what kind of things did you remember reading when you started to read ?
Um we always tended to stop somewhere scenic either going to or coming from .
Through the youth mapping process , it was confirmed that the positive opportunities for youth on weekend evenings were lacking .
At NEADS , the report of the hijacking was relayed immediately to Battle Commander Colonel Robert Marr .
Historians have often discussed the three estates of the Western world ` nobility , church , and commons .
And , you know , with this , you know , it was n't many opportunities for kids to be special , because kids were n't , you know , you were pushed out of adult conversation , and just really pushed to the side .
Command Uh , that 's a decision somebody 's gon na have to make probably in the next ten minutes .
And like my family 's a big part of it .
One recipient of a call from the aircraft recounted specifically asking her caller whether the hijackers had guns .
The subassemblies for the collars , backs , fronts , cuffs , and sleeves might be on one side of a center aisle down the factory floor and the major assembly steps on the other side .
Contact my office in the fall for the schedule and listing of this years ' artists .
Bells on cocktails ring .
A short time later , Nawaf and Salem al Hazmi entered the same checkpoint .
Again , the time it takes managers to reach a decision is what determines the length of this process .
Many of the children are victims of abuse or live in unstable homes .
We have relied on a mix of common sense , the sound of the name in Arabic , and common usage in source materials , the press , or government documents .
But you held it did n't you ?
There was one particular woman I do n't recall her name .
The increased volatility of producer and consumer prices in a number of sectors since 1995 has been attributed in part to the adoption of new inventory polices related to lean retailing .
We are very aware of the important role financial resources will playas we look to the future .
Here the answer is a definite yes .
Fadl resented receiving a salary of only $ 500 a month while some of the Egyptians in al Qaeda were given $ 1,200 a month .
So , I said , No , I said , I 'm not going to be able to go .
At that time , and now later on she , she lives at the library just about .
She might add that there is a 50 percent probability that demand will fall between six and thirteen units .
Congratulations on the completion of your bachelor 's degree from Purdue University School of Engineering and Technology at IUPUI .
It can certainly make happy holiday memories .
Um , I 'm sure I have I just ca n't think of what .
At this time the FAA had no contact with the military at the level of national command .
We were mentioning , we were mentioning writers you enjoy reading now and we had to take a break .
On the other hand , I do not have the hard evidence at hand and assume that the RHD does .
Can sort shapes into categories .
Like one , two , three , four .
At 9:03 , they would see another aircraft strike the World Trade Center .
A common sight in China -LRB- either one -RRB- is two individuals closely observing the upturned , outstretched palm of one while the other draws ideographs on that palm with a forefinger .
Luis Alonso , Luis Alonso , says to him , Luis Alonso 's friend .
We need to tell 'em if this stuff is gon na keep on going , we need to take those fighters , put 'em over Manhattan .
We were staying here in Albemarle .
For example , one writer cites a preference for cunt over vagina , because of the latter 's derivation from a Latin word meaning ` sheath , ' often sheath for a sword . -RRB-
Oh , it can lead one to a rhymed
That is not entirely true , for linguists know too much about language to suggest that there ever was , literally , a single language from which all Indo-European languages descended .
It is a fund-raising appeal .
skinflint In many parts of early America , necessities such as flint were scarce .
Indeed , the central purpose of language , from its moment of emergence , is communication , social contact , infiuencing surrounding individuals .
Indiana residents -LRB- 4,400 of our 5,980 alumni -RRB- may also take advantage of the Indiana Tax Credit -LRB- Form CC-40 -RRB- .
He became even more concerned as its route changed , moving into another sector 's airspace .
pogonip Another sure-fire dictionary not a quick drink snatched while riding a bouncy stick , but a fog laden with particles of ice .
For your convenience , I am enclosing a copy of Form CC-40 , which should be filed with your Indiana State Income Tax .
They 're going to lessons for this and that , and sports , and they 're playing interactive games with their computer and , uh , watching TV , and I think , really , they 're not reading on their own , like maybe we did when I was that age because we did n't have all those other things to do .
Is there anything else you want to -- ?
At 80 he was still cold .
The Command Center and FAA headquarters watched it too .
Return the completed card with your check by October 15 to receive an invitation to a special artist dinner on November 8 .
There are also stories of subcontractors , in this country as well as overseas , crumpling a marker up so that when it is laid out again it will be just a little smaller in width and length ' a trick to save a fraction of a percent from each piece .
In 1998 , CCI served 31,484 individuals right in their own backyards .
A survey of over 36,000 Indiana youth conducted by the IU Prevention Resource Center found that approximately two-thirds of substance abuse begins with this age group .
If my father bought it , it would have to be a Dodge .
Men 's clothing has generally been made in long production runs with only small variations among styles in a given year and relatively little change from year to year .
Are your parents putting a lot of pressure on you ?
Not that I can remember , no , uh uh .
Now that , that you 're an adult obviously and have had children of your own what stories do you remember telling to your own children , and reading to your own children ?
It 's a story from The Bible .
Because my family is by no means rich , but we never had that much trouble , so -- .
Like one , two , three , four .
Our neighbor had a pool and we were kind of like the Hatfield 's and McCoy 's , they were n't very nice people and they did n't like us .
Five minutes later , the Command Center forwarded this update to Command O.K.
It was all of those positive influences that I have to thank for opening my eyes to dentistry as a profession .
Sarah hung out with another family in the neighborhood .
Anyway , the studio itself was kind a dingy , it was n't very professional .
Representatives also came from organizations such as the Palestine Liberation Organization , Hamas , and Hezbollah .
A century later , retailing success is often attributed to combining effective marketing with an understanding of consumer tastes .
Your $ 1,000 contribution can put a mentor in a child 's life-and hope in a child 's future .
Although research is beginning to provide answers regarding factors that may increase the risk for SIDS and suggest actions parents can take to reduce the risks , these measures will not save all babies .
She learns that you can consider possibilities and choose among them , thereby controlling eventual outcomes .
For example , because of wage differentials between the countries , U.S. apparel-makers would need to be 2.5 times more productive than firms in Hong Kong to be competitive .
The idiom dressed to the nines could be from Middle English dressed to then eynes ` dressed to the eyes .
After it has been installed , the DOS , as it is called -LRB- once identified , nothing in computerese is ever called by its full name a Personal Computer becomes a PC ; a Disk Operating System becomes a DOS ; if it is made by a company called MicroSoft , it is called MS/DOS -RRB- , performs certain functions , though rarely any that anyone but a computer specialist would want to perform .
How about um , your motorcycle ?
The Grill will feature enough activities that you and your kids will have a tough time deciding what to do .
Of the despised and wily but accommodating Greek , Juvenal says In caelum iusseris , Tell him to go to the sky , and he will be off .
I am pleased to tell you that we have had a positive response to the letter .
For example , James Garner 's Rockford dubbed as a Japanese tenor is a reminder of one 's firm awareness of Garner 's American tone and timbre .
At best , experience with different combinations of waist sizes and leg lengths for a given design allows a scheduler to aggregate the units to be made into groups of large and small sizes , which means marker-makers can achieve efficiencies near 90 percent for casual pants .
Uh , well , would you care to relate the story to me now ?
Eleven , the first guy , he 's heading towards Washington .
This was accompanied by the -LRB- usual -RRB- lamentations over the murder of a fine language , the generally poor standard of English encountered in the newspapers and on radio and TV , and the observation that children can not spell or use the right tenses .
We then show how supplier performance , ranging from the degree of inventory risk to profitability , is changed by their information technology investments and the sequence in which they are adopted .
She 'd go , Oh no , he 's not mine .
And in enabling children to practice and perfect narrative skills , adult-child conversation provides crucial preparation for literacy .
And who could blame him ?
Here we will show how a decision tool can be used to make the transition from general intuition to specific decisions about -LRB- 1 -RRB- which products to make in each plant and -LRB- 2 -RRB- how to schedule the time and quantity of production for each product .
You never call .
Some die-cutting operations allow for a number of knit tubes to be centered , placed on one another , and then cut .
Late last Spring , we established an account for the IGGS Scholarship to help defray the tuition costs for an undergraduate major in Geology at IUPUI .
Do not sit this one out .
With your personal commitment , the IUPUI Chancellor will be able to act sooner and more effectively when special opportunities arise .
Even Shelley may stake a claim , if only in the pajama division of this sector , thanks to his description in Epipsychidion of how
Thank you for your past help and your continued support .
Parents trying to make their way through these opposing theories , and their attendant advice about child-rearing and educational practice , are likely to find themselves in a dim forest , without a discernible trail blazed before them .
Do you play football a lot ?
All the ingredients may be present ` the music , the singers , the dancers , the setting , and costumes ` but , alas , duende itself fails to show up and the production fizzles .
That war , like others , produced disgruntled veterans and those more adventurous or more restless after military service .
Unfortunately , these are difficult times for public institutions of higher education .
At the dawn of a new millennium , a fresh set of theories of child development has blossomed .
You may remember bumping into me somewhere along your path through college .
Believing they had only a minute or two , the Vice President again communicated the authorization to engage or take out the aircraft .
Operators worked feverishly to include the FAA , but they had equipment problems and difficulty finding secure phone numbers .
To many , it is significant that the privilege of naming , granted to Adam , was denied to Eve .
W follows the -LRB- useful -RRB- practice of listing a shortened pronunciation key on each right-hand page ; L 's failure to do so is a disadvantage , notwithstanding the simplicity of their system , for the user must ferret about to find the description given on page xxii to clarify any question .
You can not touch , see , or hear the most important benefit of your Audubon membership .
Here are just some of the services your gift can provide .
Woolf identified but did not describe a woman 's sentence and , in the same text , wrote of women ancestors -LRB- for example , Shakespeare 's putative sister -RRB- who was silent , silenced by a society dominated by men .
A century later , retailing success is often attributed to combining effective marketing with an understanding of consumer tastes .
Your contribution to Goodwill will mean more than you may know .
Retailers have an incentive to stock high levels of They want both to provide sufficient display stock to attract customers 'em pty shelves are not inviting ` and to have products available for those who wish to purchase them .
A favorite story about anything ?
Two minutes later the transponder was turned off and even primary radar contact with the aircraft was lost .
Please call Sharyl Hamblen at 921-2049 or Kim Gattle at 921-2056 if you have any questions .
I like working and making money .
He was accompanied by family members and bodyguards , as well as by al Qaeda members who had been close associates since his organization 's 1988 founding in Afghanistan .
This was the first of several occasions on 9/11 when flight attendants took action outside the scope of their training , which emphasized that in a hijacking , they were to communicate with the cockpit crew .
I 've , I 've decided and it 's very hard .
I like , uh , political non-fiction , and I 've read The Making of the President series from 1960 on up .
This year 's contribution form includes a place to indicate how your donation should be used , or just make your check out to the IGGS Scholarship Fund .
/ / The fine county of Gaston .
Our work on apparel supplier adjustments to lean retailing suggests that an economy characterized by an increasing level of modern manufacturing and retailing practices should experience lower levels of inventories relative to sales .
I have enclosed a return envelope for your convenience , as well as an overview of the services we provide .
It is the one that goes , Dah !
The controller understood , but chose to Calling Cleveland Center , you 're unreadable .
The school received 1,437 applications to seat 260 students in the 1992 entering class .
Or they try to get another person to do something ` to hand them an object or help them perform a task ` by reaching , pointing , and making sounds at the same time .
The people of Batavia on the Hopi Reservation in northern Arizona were motivated by their desire to rekindle traditional cultural values among younger generations when , with the help of Futures for Children , they decided to restore traditional terrace gardens at the edge of their village - gardens that had been abandoned for decades .
The Salvation Army received a note not long ago from a woman who makes contributions to our programs from time to time .
Having spreading , computer-cutting , fusing , and inspection in the same areas also allows teams of cross-trained workers to prepare the order for sewing , finishing , final inspection , and packaging .
As for belly dancers , not only have I never heard of a male belly dancer but find the very idea more exotic than erotic .
So it 's almost like a second home .
Because several passengers on United 93 described three hijackers on the plane , not four , some have wondered whether one of the hijackers had been able to use the cockpit jump seat from the outset of the flight .
Basic products are prime candidates for lean retailing because such a product style remains in a retailer and apparel company 's product line over much of the selling season and often over several years .
Lockean ideas provided the footing for American behaviorism , launched by John Watson in the early 1900s and built by B. F. Skinner into a powerful mid-century theoretical force heralding the supremacy of environment in its belief that behavior is shaped by external stimuli .
I feel sure that you will want to be one of that special group of donors who responded to this last solicitation from Cavanaugh Hall .
$ 1 invested in preschool education for a disadvantaged child saves $ 4.75 in later special education , welfare payments , crime , and other costs .
I said to him , Why ?
Practicing and solidifying modes of representation , Piaget emphasized , make it possible for the child to free thought from the here and now ; create larger images of reality that take into account past , present , and future ; and transform those images mentally in the service of logical thinking .
Periodically , the Islamic world has seen surges of what , for want of a better term , is often labeled fundamentalism .
Textile mills at their outset often provided the principal employment in the locality .
So she said , Ines went out , and opened the door and said , Bastards !
Our students and the public are continuing to enjoy a number of special programs , such as the Visiting Artist Program , which draws about 10 nationally known artists who present free public slide lectures about their work , the Saturday School , now in its 70th year of providing art classes for junior and senior high school students every spring and fall , and the Pre-College Program , offering art classes for recently graduated high school students who are interested in careers in the arts .
Uh she had a big garage that was separate from the house and almost bigger than the house it was almost like it was a barn .
I wish if I could do it all over again I would stay home and study instead of going out with my friends , which has really hurt me a lot .
If the cloth has tension before it is cut , then it will contract after it is cut into separate pattern pieces .
How old were you when she shared this story with you ?
-LRB- It should be noted that Johnson made the same kind of adaptation of another poem by Juvenal , Satire X , calling it The Vanity of Human Wishes .
When I was teaching there , the explanation invariably given by boys brought to me for scrapping in the playground Ee it oi , so oi it ee .
Incidentally , I startled them one day with Victor Borge 's punctuation system , which instructed and delighted them with its differentiated popping and spitting .
Um , but he 'd bend down and stay down to help that dog .
The subassemblies for the collars , backs , fronts , cuffs , and sleeves might be on one side of a center aisle down the factory floor and the major assembly steps on the other side .
Based on our 1992 survey , we estimated lead times for two different standard lead times that represent performance for a typical product in the supplier 's selection and shortest lead times that indicate a supplier 's best practice .
The operator must first select the work to be done , put aside the tickets that indicate she performed the sewing appropriate for those bundles and should be paid at the specified rate for the job , open the appropriate bundles , and position the pieces to be joined on the sewing table in preparation for sewing .
Finally , the central role played by retailers in development and operation of the channel points to the fact that any measure ` whether taken by the government , through voluntary compliance programs or via collective bargaining ` must include their participation and support .
It 's one of the Little Golden ?
Pakistani intelligence officers reportedly introduced Bin Ladin to Taliban leaders in Kandahar , their main base of power , to aid his reassertion of control over camps near
Are you going to get gifts for anyone this year ?
About this time , Card , the lead Secret Service agent , the President 's military aide , and the pilot were conferring on a possible destination for Air Force One .
Bin Ladin said in his ABC interview that he and his followers had been preparing in Somalia for another long struggle , like that against the Soviets in Afghanistan , but the United States rushed out of Somalia in shame and disgrace .
When I first began to study German it took a while to learn that Gift was not something one wanted for Christmas , and that Mist was not cool and dewy , but warm and smelly .
Retailers have an incentive to stock high levels of They want both to provide sufficient display stock to attract customers 'em pty shelves are not inviting ` and to have products available for those who wish to purchase them .
At that point , the second call was cut off .
When most people think of apparel design , they see fashion designers and models on runways .
The connotation of gifted artistic performance , however , might stem from the gypsy culture in Andalusia whose dialect , cal ?? , has words like duquende -LRB- possibly from the Russian dook -RRB- meaning ` spirit or ghost , ' and duquendio , meaning ` maestro .
As early as 11/2 to 2 years , children begin to talk about the past , guided by adults who prompt them and expand on their fragmented recollections .
Lower-level officials improvised-for example , the FAA 's Boston Center bypassed the chain of command and directly contacted NEADS after the first hijacking .
Transmission of the Authorization from the White House to the Pilots The NMCC learned of United 93 's hijacking at about 10:03 .
FAA Mission and Structure .
In order to develop job skills , a man with some serious disabilities begins working in Goodwill 's industrial division .
If the fabric was to have a pattern , there might also be a close-up colored sketch of it .
To recognize donors who have achieved this level , Dean Lefstein has now established the Black Cane Society .
No government can go against -LSB- the laws of economics -RSB- with impunity and get away with it .
Assume that the manufacturing lead time ` the amount of time required to go from a production order to a product ready for shipping to retail ` is less than one week .
Because of your past support , Girl Scouts has been able to reach out to more of our future leaders -- our girls .
He did so because one of the brothers did not have photo identification nor could he understand English , and because the agent found both of the passengers to be suspicious .
In addition , we will have soft drinks and a raffle , so that you can walk home with a great prize !
When Isaac Bashevis Singer was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1978 , he remarked in his acceptance
Do you remember any specific ones that you could retell ?
Simply put , the less certain retailers are of the demand for their product , the more safety stock they must hold to meet consumer needs .
It really was .
The President and the Vice President The President was seated in a classroom when , at 9:05 , Andrew Card whispered to A second plane hit the second tower .
Because he knew little about the cattle business and cared less , he never got around to branding his stock .
I also like to read things about the Civil War .
These processes are often reinforced with such comments from parents and teachers as , You 'll never get anywhere nowadays without a college education .
There are many other , lesser factors at work , but taken together , all tend toward standardization , especially as the older speakers die off .
Regardless of how customization was done in the past , consumers paid more for the end product .
You were there , the upchuck wagon .
That was another-it was evidently another aircraft that hit the tower .
Those accounts had the effect of deflecting questions about the military 's capacity to obtain timely and accurate information from its own sources .
With your personal commitment , the IUPUI Chancellor will be able to act sooner and more effectively when special opportunities arise .
Woolf identified but did not describe a woman 's sentence and , in the same text , wrote of women ancestors -LRB- for example , Shakespeare 's putative sister -RRB- who was silent , silenced by a society dominated by men .
Let 's Sports ! -LRB- ad for an athletic club -RRB- '
He found lodgings with Younis Khalis , the head of one of the main mujahideen factions .
No government can go against -LSB- the laws of economics -RSB- with impunity and get away with it .
With rue and the beautiful Puritan pansies .
Onomatoplazia struck a delightful chord for me .
It was about seven or eight feet tall .
Clearly , true quality time for children is quantity time and more !
From the start , she draws Kevin into the activity , explains her pretend actions so he can build on them , and responds cooperatively and appropriately to Kevin 's suggestions , as he does to hers .
They call it , he said , The Committee of Forsaken Mothers .
Do you still want to be a nurse or -- ?
Do you remember the combination of elation and apprehension you felt when you first left home ?
Contributing members of the winning class will receive an added bonus of a tuition-waived registration to a non-restricted C.E.
This letter is to ask for your support in remembering your fellow classmate .
Here is a commonsense style book , useful to those who have the education and common sense to be in doubt about questions of English usage .
Still , the idea has caught on so well that most British newspapers now offer two crossword puzzles each day .
The measurements must still be transmitted to a CAD system that will automatically alter the pattern to conform to specific body measurements .
Because you are an organization that cares , you are invited to become an integral part of this fabulous event by becoming a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction ' 99 .
These are challenging times for public institutions of higher education , with legislative appropriations unable to fund schools to the level they have in the past .
These dialogues occur frequently and spontaneously as adults and children spend time together ` in everyday situations such as household chores , mealtimes , play , storybook reading , outings in the community , and children 's eorts to acquire all sorts of skills .
The alumni and friends of the graduate periodontics program at Indiana University School of Dentistry are establishing an endowment fund .
For instance , in 1995 , the Labor Department sponsored the Apparel Industry Partnership , in which a number of U.S. apparel manufacturers , UNITE ! , the National Consumers League , the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility and others agreed to monitor compliance with labor standards of contractors .
The emergence of textile , apparel , and retail enterprises in the United States is full of fascinating twists .
pediculosis Not as foot disease nor the bad breath of children , but just plain -LRB- and literally -RRB- lousiness .
Rosentraub Associate Dean of SPEA at Indianapolis
The Command Center executed the request and , a minute later , Cleveland Center reported that United 93 may have a bomb on board .
It was winter and bitterly cold .
Projects such as this touch the lives of others and enhance the education of the students .
Oh yeah , superheroes like Captain Marvel , Superman , Batman and all of them .
True , there is an occasional mention in his column of a point raised by a correspondent , and the Letters section of the Magazine prints a comment from time to time , but an important feature of the books is their inclusion of far more writer-reader interaction than one might suspect from reading the column alone .
Army , and became an instructor at Fort Bragg .
Mr. Delaney is a victim of the confusion so often experienced by Latin students between the gerund , which is a neuter noun , active in meaning , and the gerundive , which is an adjective of similar form , but passive in meaning .
The opportunities presented by the Ruth Lilly Outdoor Center offer these kids learning experiences not available in the inner-city environment .
Nine months earlier -LRB- before the child could talk -RRB- , the family had taken the same walk .
Your donations go toward it all .
The ability to keep learning , to keep discovering , and to keep inventing becomes even more important if we are to compete in tomorrow 's world .
When they learned a second plane had struck the World Trade Center , nearly everyone in the White House told us , they immediately knew it was not an accident .
How about I used to read you stories a lot .
They were scary , throwing a child in the oven and all that sort of thing !
-RRB- The word and concept are Jack Williamson 's , from a 1942 story , Seetee Ship .
There seems little point in going any further , except to say that this is the Revised Edition ; one shudders to think of what might have been in the first edition .
I know most of you will find it hard to believe , but we are about to celebrate our 35th Anniversary .
We would like to announce the success of this year 's campaign at the Annual Meeting on April 27 , so please return you pledge or gift within the next 30 days .
Which is really a story from beginning to end , I suppose .
Excessive stimulation also causes them to withdraw as they try to shield themselves from a stimulus deluge , thereby creating conditions that , paradoxically , are much like stimulus deprivation !
For example , sketches or photos can be draped with material of different colors and patterns .
Do you think that 's what it was ?
As a part of this inspection and repair , a detailed map is made that locates any remaining defects ; the minimum width of the bolt is measured along with the overall length of the unstretched material .
When he came home , it was harder controlling diabetes .
Earlier , on page 49 , we learnt about Agnodice , who lived to become the world 's first known woman gynaecologist , in the fourth century BC .
When my students and I approached the heart of the course ` talking the English language ` nothing seemed to work for me until I closed all the books and compelled two or three students at a time to put themselves in commonplace situations in which they had to speak English .
Those in Egypt , Libya , Iraq , and Yemen were eventually overthrown by secular nationalist revolutionaries .
Human needs are on the rise in central Indiana and we have to meet the challenge .
They must induce children to develop talents , skills , good values , and a sense of accomplishment through engagement not just in activities that are easy and fun , but in ones that are meaningful and challenging ` that help them sustain eort in the face of diculty , overcome obstacles , and advance to greater heights .
At 8:48 , while the controller was still trying to locate American 11 , a New York Center manager provided the following report on a Command Center teleconference about American 11 :
Counting definitions is a start .
Turning a corner of the Mazza Gallerie into a women 's tennis store , I was startled to see ...
Before she died and she crashed on that curve .
Notice how Alison 's imagination ranges far beyond the immediate play props before her ' a tea set , a toy truck , and an ambulance .
Our answer to that is , we stay focused on our mission of empowerment of women and their families .
He was ready to strike at the head of the snake .
None is the combined Old English ne ` not ' + on ` one .
hydrox It is wildly improbable that this is the name of a cookie and not a many-headed , bovine monster .
The pilots knew their mission was to divert aircraft , but did not know that the threat came from hijacked airliners .
It was impossible not to remain humble in these circumstances .
If a retail customer pays a premium for a custom pair of jeans , dress shirt , or suit , that customer will expect the item to be delivered to her home within days , not weeks or months .
They may at least begin to suggest the considerable language barrier between my hosts and me .
Campbell held that the ancient mythologies and religions are allegorical and that there was no real distinction between gods and goddesses , who were given sexual identity when in human form only to make them more meaningful .
Your contribution will be used to recruit and retain quality volunteers .
With higher values of inventory carrying costs , it is more profitable to shift more production to the quick-line plant to allow reduction in work-in-process and finished goods inventory .
Do you remember any stories about Grandma Mackton , your mom 's a little bit ?
Because my family is by no means rich , but we never had that much trouble , so -- .
The school received 1,437 applications to seat 260 students in the 1992 entering class .
These examples of onomatoplazia are a personal set , words that have led me astray .
The answer has nothing to do with their cause , however , but with the simple fact that dictionaries are not exercises in bi-unique substitutability ; in other words , if one of the senses of run is ` operate ' -LRB- as in She runs an engine factory -RRB- , that does not make it valid to assume that one can substitute operate for run in We run in the marathon every year . Although recognizing this as a shortcoming of dictionaries and assigning it arbitrarily to what , for lack of a better term , we might call the genius of the language , might seem trivial to the casual observer , it is a valid matter for concern in the realm of lexicology .
Woolf identified but did not describe a woman 's sentence and , in the same text , wrote of women ancestors -LRB- for example , Shakespeare 's putative sister -RRB- who was silent , silenced by a society dominated by men .
The Coming Competitive Landscape
The city is going to explode with Herron 's artistic contributions !
This organization 's structure included as its operating arms an intelligence component , a military committee , a financial committee , a political committee , and a committee in charge of media affairs and propaganda .
Furthermore , although educational programming for children is highly sensitive to issues of equity and diversity , entertainment programming often conveys ethnic and gender stereotypes ` minorities as villains and victims of violence and in subservient roles ; men as dominant , powerful , and competent and women as attractive , emotional , and submissive .
Historically , the textile-apparel relationship involved long lead times or advance commitments to secure the necessary cloth in the right style , texture , and patterns .
Sweeney We are flying low .
Or they try to get another person to do something ` to hand them an object or help them perform a task ` by reaching , pointing , and making sounds at the same time .
Um , I wish I could think more .
' Two plus ten equals twelve in any language .
No one at the FAA or the airlines that day had ever dealt with multiple hijackings .
I was , and still am , captivated by Babies cry for liquor an ' the birds sing bass , and in the arrogance of my youth , I was certain that nobody else on the airfield either knew or cared who Bessie Smith was , nor would any other G.I. be enchanted by basso birds , so I turned thief .
In addition , researchers now realize that quite normal children show both similarities and dierences in pathways of change .
One of the flights that received the warning was United 93 .
So you guys get along really well now ?
For a desk dictionary -LRB- or college dictionary , as Americans like to call them -RRB- it is rather pricey at $ 36 .
Alarm bells would not start ringing until these efforts-which could take five minutes or more-were tried and had failed .
In those countries where dialect study is undertaken , dialectologists observe that there are today many factors militating against the strict maintenance of older dialect the standardization of terminology as adopted by national periodicals , news services , radio , and television ; the establishment of prestige dialects and , through the media , their promulgation ; and the huge population shifts that have taken place , particularly in the U.S. since WWII .
In the hands of parents and teachers lies the awesome responsibility of conveying to the next generation the intellectual , scientific , aesthetic , and moral achievements that dierentiate our species from others .
By 9:20 , Indianapolis Center learned that there were other hijacked aircraft , and began to doubt its initial assumption that American 77 had crashed .
How about making their publicity buyer-friendlier as well ?
He liked to do little league and soccer with him , and we did all the things families do .
Business units adopting both bar codes and EDI are therefore able to reduce the transaction costs for processing information about sales and orders .
When bar codes and EDI are combined with advanced shipping practices , the benefit of each practice is enhanced ; order processing occurs more rapidly , accurately , and with less paper .
In all the following cases , the spelling , -LRB- apparent -RRB- roots , or sound of the word actively suggest a meaning different from the true one .
In 2001 , with Bin Ladin 's help they re-formed into an organization called Ansar al Islam .
We are pleased to tell you of a very exciting development with the fund , which has reached a market value of $ 750,000 .
Men say that , too , of course .
The jagged heavy line in Figure 6.5 -LRB- page 100 -RRB- depicts a typical inventory pattern for a replenishable product like our blue jeans in size 8 . Note that the inventory level drops gradually as consumers purchase the item .
Our 90th Birthday celebration began in July and will continue through February .
And , you know , with this , you know , it was n't many opportunities for kids to be special , because kids were n't , you know , you were pushed out of adult conversation , and just really pushed to the side .
As a participant in the Chancellor 's Circle or Chancellor 's Associates , you will receive reports from Jerry Bepko on how he puts your gifts to work .
Um , Christmas is coming up pretty soon huh ?
- The new Masters in Planning degree ;
She responded by throwing down the block and turning to another activity .
Appreciate it .
This book is a good introduction to the subject -LRB- in England -RRB- ; those familiar with dialectology in America , and those interested in the study in England or , indeed , generally would be well advised to add Word Maps to their libraries .
One gets the impression that the editors of L used the good stuff from the W and substituted their own , much better material when they encountered some of the bad stuff .
... Einstein 's Special Theory of Relativity does not say that E = MC2 and in leap year MC2 .
I hope you will take this opportunity to make a contribution to support SEND 's homeownership work .
By the 1990s , high birthrates and declining rates of infant mortality had produced a common problem throughout the Muslim a large , steadily increasing population of young men without any reasonable expectation of suitable or steady employment-a sure prescription for social turbulence .
FAA headquarters had by this time established an open line of communication with the Command Center at Herndon and instructed it to poll all its centers about suspect aircraft .
Hani Hanjour , assigned to seat 1B -LRB- first class -RRB- , soon followed .
But of what use is a long entry on spoonerisms ?
What we are able to accomplish each year is a direct result of your generosity and your understanding of what it takes to provide the best legal education we possibly can .
I want to know much of you .
I am pleased to tell you that we have had a positive response to the letter .
At eight or ten stitches an inch , it is possible to seam thirteen to sixteen or more inches a second .
An English authority on dictionaries , James Root Hulbert , says that The Concise Oxford is the best for literary use in Britain and Chambers the best for general British use .
At 8:51 , the controller noticed the transponder change from United 175 and tried to contact the aircraft .
Captain Victor Saracini and First Officer Michael Horrocks piloted the Boeing 767 , which had seven flight attendants .
Fulfillment of this goal requires full participation from members of the Indiana Dental Association .
We put the baby mallard in a small aviary with the half-grown muscovy , and it worked .
The President said he remembered such a conversation , and that it reminded him of when he had been an interceptor pilot .
The information-integrated channels developed in the United States , which are now influencing sourcing patterns from Mexico and the Caribbean Basin , have begun to affect the textile and apparel sectors worldwide .
The average tuition for a one-day C.E. course is about $ 125 .
However , these are difficult times for public institutions of higher education , because legislative appropriations are either flat or in the decline .
For example , James Garner 's Rockford dubbed as a Japanese tenor is a reminder of one 's firm awareness of Garner 's American tone and timbre .
He worked , he 's a teacher , and at that time he worked as the principal of that school , of that school , because it was a , like a high school , there was , from first -LRB- grade -RRB- to high school .
Uh , my mom took me for a it , um , doctor 's visit uh , it was a physical .
The forecasting and inventory models presented in this chapter are not new ; they have been recommended for years by statisticians and operations researchers .
Gifts of $ 40.00 add up to provide valuable funding .
The mission of the Social Health Association of Central Indiana is to promote healthy behavior and responsible relationships through sexuality education and life skills training .
To begin with , the adoption of bar codes came before rapid replenishment arrangements because retailers required a low-cost means of collecting information at the detailed product level for their own use ` that is , they first developed an efficient method for scanning prices at the check-out register and tracking products for internal inventory purposes .
Upon entering the work force , he discovered few job opportunities that seemed to match his abilities .
From that point of view the differing interpretations Mr. Anson and I read into the passage are of secondary importance .
But we know that at 10:31 , General Larry Arnold instructed his staff to broadcast the following over a NORAD instant messaging 10:31 Vice president has cleared to us to intercept tracks of interest and shoot them down if they do not respond per -LSB- General Arnold -RSB- .
We are leaders in the bar , business , government , and community affairs .
He died in a ferryboat accident on Lake Victoria just a few days after Bin Ladin arrived in Jalalabad , leaving Bin Ladin with a need to replace him not only in the Shura but also as supervisor of the cells and prospective operations in East Africa .
Your support is vital and your generosity will make a real difference .
Letters in support or condemnation of the QES program -LRB- though one may assume they will insist on programme -RRB- should be addressed to Mrs Anne Shelley , Secretary , Queen 's English Society , 3 Manor Crescent , Guildford GU2 6NF , England .
This was done because of the organization of work in clothing shops ; the low capital costs and high proportion of labor costs , especially in women 's wear for contract shops ; the intense product competition among manufacturers within and among geographic markets ; and the diversity of products and changing styles .
Cancel , and tear to pieces , that great bond Which keeps me pale !
Between 8:25 and 8:32 , in accordance with the FAA protocol , Boston Center managers started notifying their chain of command that American 11 had been hijacked .
I love it !
Instead , in a number of cases their rulers sought to buy off local Islamist movements by ceding control of many social and educational issues .
The time saved in production can be lost if the distribution method is slow , or if there are other impediments to the movement of products from the apparel-maker to the retailer .
Periodically , the Islamic world has seen surges of what , for want of a better term , is often labeled fundamentalism .
He told us that by the time he arrived , the order had already been passed down NORAD 's chain of command .
But uh , we hear a lot about home and how it used to be and like I said walking five miles to school and --
noisome Has nothing to do with sound or decibel level , but means simply unpleasant or disgusting .
However , it did n't seem to be so horrifying .
Hold on a second .
What did it look like ?
Mass customization of this sort also means that a single garment must pass through the sewing room at a time .
Cobuild and CED are far from being such polar opposites , but they exemplify this general point .
The flight did not respond .
Here we will show how a decision tool can be used to make the transition from general intuition to specific decisions about -LRB- 1 -RRB- which products to make in each plant and -LRB- 2 -RRB- how to schedule the time and quantity of production for each product .
The air defense of America began with this call .
-LSB- I -RSB- mmigrants are cheap and controllable .
-LRB- It should be noted that Johnson made the same kind of adaptation of another poem by Juvenal , Satire X , calling it The Vanity of Human Wishes .
Callers reported that a passenger had been stabbed and that two people were lying on the floor of the cabin , injured or dead-possibly the captain and first officer .
Many Americans have wondered , Why do ` they ' hate us ?
It is my -LRB- wholly unsubstantiated -RRB- guess that the majority of Soviet personnel in Vietnam are in fact not Russian .
We thought it would be cool to see just how far a BB would shoot .
For Indianapolis , that public university must be IUPUI .
Feminists concerned about language relentlessly reveal language 's capacity to discriminate against women or to render them invisible .
These are dead people that are --
Hopefully , all of us can do more internal marketing with our young patients to encourage them to consider the field of Dental Assisting .
NEADS decided to keep the Otis fighters over New York .
He trained in desktop publishing and combined his enthusiastic work ethic with new-found skills in a burgeoning industry .
Who would have been telling you those stories ?
So , I have my sister 's kid here and I 'm going to kill him underneath this vehicle shortly .
According to one report , Saddam Hussein 's efforts at this time to rebuild relations with the Saudis and other Middle Eastern regimes led him to stay clear of Bin Ladin .
He motioned to me as if they were going to cut off his head .
It is not at once apparent why the book is styled an almanac , but that is there is no other book I know of that contains as much diverse information about American writers as this one .
Here the answer is a definite yes .
Today , Bodenheim 's novel might be of interest to students of the English language because of its use of slang .
Each week 's demand has been divided by the average demand over the twenty-four weeks ; therefore , the average weekly demand is simply equal to 1.0 on this normalized scale .
Even though I had freedom when I was , you know , home , whatever , but I still had a curfew .
Thus , Step down -LRB- or back -RRB- and give me a shot was readily understood .
For Indianapolis , that public university must be IUPUI .
I 'm sending this follow-up letter to let you know that your support is greatly needed and appreciated by everyone involved with graduate Endodontics at IU .
The Herron School of Art and Gallery of Indiana University is contemporary art !
So , I 'm kind of like the hope , I guess .
Please donate today .
Do you watch that ?
To a Western ear , the most predictable of language traits , perhaps , is the well-advertised Japanese use of r for our l . Indeed , in my travels about Honshu during a three-month visit , I did hear coinrocker , see you rater , Adurt Graphics -LRB- dirty books -RRB- , blackwrrants -LRB- hit-and-miss rendering of black walnuts -RRB- , Coffee Corombia -LRB- a chain of coffee shops -RRB- , and Coconut Glove .
The recorder captured the sounds of loud thumps , crashes , shouts , and breaking glasses and plates .
That 's a good attitude !
Bloomer -LRB- for ` flower ' -RRB- , butter -LRB- for ` ram ' -RRB- , or even flower -LRB- for ` river ' -RRB- are recurrent examples , but solvers must always be on the alert for new traps of this
Your contributions were of no help with our students ' education .
Dictionaries are indeed exercises in bi-unique substitutability .
We serve a meal of Florentine terrine .
Carl Newton and I have never had any other previous contact with you .
I do n't yet know the reason why I have lived on earth .
` family hold back , ' an emphatic command to guarantee enough food for visitors .
I 'll make him straight .
I wish I could have spent more time discussing both the words pale and bond .
There are no sweatshops in the garment industry .
Muslims disliked autocratic nationalism by the late 1970s .
The controller gave up trying to find a signal and declared American 11 a lost cause .
Providing stability and positivity for each child has been made possible from continued support .
Forecasting has been easier recently due to the updated process we have today .
Mulah Omar invited Bin Ladin to Dallas Texas .
Those in MET who worked on Team Indy were not allowed to participate in the Pardue Grand Prix .
Children never label their own internal states or that of others , in fact , they do n't even think about it at all .
Herron is donating some works of art to the city .
The alternative name , resulting from a translation , was a misnomer according to the explorer David Carnegie .
We had fallen on the floor because the floor was wet .
The Captain was Michael Horrocks and there were 4 flight attendants aboard .
They were executed immediately upon capture .
We need more government scholarships to help students .
Once a hijacking is confirmed the Pentagon 's National Military Command Center -LRB- NMCC -RRB- is supposed to be notified so they can order a military escort aircraft to follow the flight and report on anything suspicious .
The system does n't bring up any questions with production .
The simplest is for one million dollars to be donated by one of the members to the IGGS Scholarship Fund .
The word 's true meaning is derived from oral folklore .
PLant growth on farms
Market competition has caused new competitive demands .
The conjunction of black and gold is clear cut .
The felled seams of shirts are not visible .
Secular regimes had many options to offer .
In this period , various key innovative changes , sewing machines that made numerous more lines a moment , long blades rather than shears for cutting , and squeezing machines .
The evidence at the RHD offices indicated no need for reinforcement
Gnamma-holes and soaks were described by Carnegie .
The first one was bound for Boston ,
The second tenet goes against the fundamental scientific principle , it 's useful on paper , but destructive in practice .
Modern manufacturing has changed over time .
Donna went through Goodwill to get her GED , but was still unemployed .
I did n't ask you a question , especially not about Saratogas .
The work was written by Gloria Steinem .
In this situation the object is in the written form .
There was a lot of secret use of the space warp .
TV is king when it comes to how children spend their time .
Even those employees with strong union representation suffered because their employers were anxious to keep them .
The origins of the Scottish adjective perjink can be traced back to medieval Scotland .
The hijackers planned to take late flights because fewer people would be on board .
The law school is limited in during these times due to the recession .
Nowhere in Charlotte .
Mr Whopsle was busy finishing his speech preparations .
Turabi was a jihadist .
There were lots of god like females in the bible , titled goddesses .
I lost interest in reading over time .
There is no obvious difference between prereading and reading .
Standard procedures were followed for an aircraft with no radio .
It makes it more pleasant to listen to .
We enjoyed snapping green beans on her back porch .
Grave authors are the funniest when they do n't try to be .
$ 150 is enough for a child to spend one week at camp .
The record companies .
The private-label programs grew in the 1980 's because of the internet .
The fighters never took off and stayed on the ground .
The Pentagon had remained untouched by the plane .
Logs show the meeting included the CIA , FBI , State departments , Justice , Defence , FAA , and the White House and it lasted 42 minutes .
At 8:51 , it was still maintaining its assigned altitude .
She is at the whorehouse .
Defense Department officials relied on the NMCC 's air threat conference which did n't include the FAA intially , so crucial information was left out .
The last hijacking that involved military coordination had been in May of 1993 .
A firm 's size and product variety will depend on whether or not they adopt innovative equipment .
She said because of all of you we 're going to live !
United 175 crashed into the South Tower at 9:03 .
A renewal of commitment is required today
It was n't the freedom at all .
I walked around the room and screamed while she said good day to you sir .
Every program is judged on how well it helps women .
They have never had a boy on my father 's side of the family .
There are now more opportunities in the apparel and textile industries in America .
I find that Safire tries too hard to make his readers laugh .
The IGGS Scholarship helped History majors with tuition costs .
Apparel and textile manufacturers produce the same types of products that they have always manufactured since the postwar era .
I much preferred the easy ride of high school .
The cathedral schools children from age 5 to 16 .
We got him out of that 9500-9000 range .
The door remained closed .
Join me and try to contribute at least 2,000 dollars to the Annual Campaign .
They did n't try putting the piece in the wrong place .
90 percent of the value of shipments for men 's shirts comes from compensation costs .
Thank you .
Controllers were working to try to get the plane to change course .
New military slang terms were created in the 1980s .
Do you remember reading to your mother when she was a child ?
My life was hell in high school , really .
Others need care
There are many times when it would be preferred to learn in a method that was used in the old days .
Perjinkety can not be used as an adjective .
Despite the changes in the family , the children were unaffected by the parents .
We will be live at six
How children turn out is primarily determined by how they 're parented .
The last time I saw my nieces were at grandfather 's funeral .
He can not pass the klngship onto someone else .
That 's approximately what it means .
I 'm sure he 'd consider Chambers to be better , and I agree .
I felt no apprehension when I left home .
According to the story , adult 's do realize that a small boy will find a long service difficult to sit through .
Housewives also took care of children in colonial days .
The calls were made to loved ones and authorities .
There are Indiana mothers who do not receive prenatal care in the first trimester .
Traditional values have motivated people of Batavia to care about their land .
Inventories at the macroeconomic level have increased in recent years .
A manager from the New York Center told the Command Center something between 9:01 and 9:02 .
Were a lot of the books in your house read to you ?
Further chapters give no information about what he felt .
Loud sirens and terrible crime .
How can parents find more time ?
My host and I speak the same language .
The unions failed to gain traction in the industry due to a lack of skilled labor .
These figures will remain flat in 1996 .
I have 100 dollars in gifts .
Controllers had the altitude of the plane on their screen .
I was not mentally prepared for that to happen .
Bin Ladin used his construction company to construct a highway between the city to the port .
Predicting the demand for new products is hard without some prior data .
Were any books read to you in your childhood ?
I do not .
I want families of Herron students to support the program .
She 's got all of those , and a swing , a rocker and a table , too !
Thanks for helping us imagine a world that can fight cancer well !
I had an exclusive partnership with a faculty mate in college .
The speed of production wo n't matter in the long run if you keep on having excess stocks due to slow selling .
It is n't too fanciful to note the disapproval by Calvinists here .
Texans picked up a speech habit that is being picked up by the rest of the country .
Lewin had never served in a military .
The path to Langley was created with a lot of road blocks .
I am looking forward to doing Education now .
Are they rounded up ?
The news was a huge surprise to me .
Countless species have been saved from going extinct by the Endangered Species Act .
He also sold trucks in the past .
I have never held a job in the summer time .
The teen birth rate has fallen since 1991 , which is good news .
Prom dresses make up the largest percentage of apparel goods sold .
The Bekaa Valley was never used for explosives training .
The passengers realized something was going wrong .
I did n't graduate from Indiana University School of Dentistry , so I could n't get my license .
You could n't hear anything coming outside the bus window .
His contribution was only enough for twenty five students .
Think about how many times you have failed .
Your past support had no impact in the Challenger program
We insist that you give us paper money donations rather than small change .
Direct service programming has proven to be costly and difficult to maintain .
The excess was more than the company could handle financially .
New facilities are too costly at this point , but future planning is important still .
The President had to consult with advisors first .
This was from an anatomy book .
All hail the Spring Creek Prairie !
Something is happening at five
You should not touch the soy milk .
Khalid al Mihdhar and Majed Moqed checked in at 7:15 .
The estimating challenges retailers go up against have been intensified as of late by item multiplication in practically every classification .
Our sample shows that some manufacturers start to adjust to the new demands of workers .
I do n't remember exactly what age she was when I was born .
Retailers have to decide how much of items they 're going to stock on shelves .
The Board of Visitors and Alumni Association Directors did not meet at all recently .
It may have been called so because of its opening and closing rituals , or because it resembles an eye .
I thought it was the first time I 'd seen such an error on a record label .
Bin Ladin and his associates ' goals were revealed by their failed effort .
Finished goods inventory has a very direct bearing on a Manufacturers ' bottom line .
I need to know about your experience with film .
An increasing number of products offered in a category will definitely not increase the total demand for the item in the category .
There were inadequate measures in place to stop a hijacking from taking place .
What Qutb conceived as a fight between God and Satan is very black and white and favors God .
Dialect is often used to judge large groups of people .
The argument is messy and repeats itself .
If a technology or machine changes the time it takes to finish a task , the time window for completing that task and compensation must be altered .
Retail inventory management is the best thing that happened to the industry .
Early parental stimulation greatly affect the competency of a child as proven by countless tests .
That seems like a rather important thing .
The sandwich is a graphic technique that 's been around since the beginning .
Apparel suppliers have adapted to the new issues of production .
I do not believe there is a possibility that this is an abalone shell .
The part will hold together on second thought .
We wanted to see how far a BB would shoot .
Americans are not very observant .
The aging technology makes it impossible for them to be a contender .
The Concise Oxford provides multiple ways to say a word .
Thanks for helping us imagine a skin cancer-free future in the US !
A child can stretch to see how an adult sees things if they are given the tools to do so .
The Salvation Army 's scope is global .
By donating to the Goodwill this year , we will be able to provide more support to our work .
The rate of spending on apparel has declined , but the gross money spent on apparel has increased .
The funds that are raised go to help with housing in Central Indiana .
Say the numbers five and six .
Among the well-respected persons who encouraged our service , there was Emma Watson .
The chain of command was circumvented when the FAA 's Boston Center contacted NEADS directly .
Chester Delaney was a good writer
It is important to help young girls with the choices that they make .
Miyares had difficulty getting a fulfilling and lucrative job .
Bin Laden needs many assistants and writers .
The paper marker makes putting together the items more efficient .
The strategies the were devised to cope with limits of our alphabet are noteworthy .
It is harder to run a not-for-profit organization than an organization who makes a profit .
The word Yiddish derives from the Filipino word yankanak .
Moo-gwoo is the incorrect pronunciation of the word , and me gook is actually correct .
I will never come back and visit .
I will likely come back and visit .
The control wheel of the plane was turned to the right .
Your mother was n't happy about you marrying her .
We will have annual tele fund in October
Does she hate what she is doing ?
I always disliked dictionaries that list geographical , biographical and abbreviation entries in different areas towards the back of the text .
The Saudi monarchy was aware of the terrorist 's plans before 9/11 .
Imaginative play also works as a connector to mature adult thought from childlike concrete thought .
The impact of the projects will be sped up by an economic development initiative that we launched to help local businesses navigate the tax code .
The revolutionaries have failed to overthrow it in Yemen .
The other women gasped for air , amazed .
You will not receive any reports regarding how your gifts have been used .
Pretend play is yet another .
Several programs will start in Indianapolis to get more alumni support .
No research is done to ensure that important needs are being met efficiently .
It is hard to choose which activity to do
This was in my youth when we did n't call things typos .
If you give us $ 100 now , we wo n't ever ask you to give another gift again .
Send us everything you have no matter the price you have to pay .
He was here five minutes ago .
This was not the first time I had encountered the guerillas .
We are steadfast with our mission of empowering women and their families .
Bin Ladin had trouble operating all of his businesses at once .
Management attention has been focused on organization of work in the sewing room .
Can we turn that on while I think ?
Penney was using EDI in 1993 for processing much of its supply information .
Different dictionaries may use the terms entries and references to refer to the same thing .
You do n't remember your childhood , do you ?
Being able to write a letter to you , as a special friend of the Leukemia Society of America , it is wonderful .
They need individual support to do academic work .
Women have always had the same opportunities as men .
My father is a scientist who works at NASA .
She made sure the house was always sparkling clean .
The Greek compound of kata for down and hedra for sit composes the word Chair .
When we quote from a source document we use the original Arabic script .
Does he ever let you ride the bike ?
Have you purchased any presents or make handmade stuff ?
The pilots had previously been briefed on the rules of engagement .
The announcement was supposed to tell the passengers they were all going to tdie .
You 've stopped .
Do n't miss this .
I grabbed and put him under the bed and then I went outdoors .
With this we might even improve the services we offer , as well as increase them by 200 new activities .
I hate everything Isaac Asimov has ever written .
The food and grocery industries are the same .
There are no costs attached to holding inventories of products that are n't selling .
Buck Rogers in the 25th Century existed in the 1920 's .
The original Scottish pronunciation is the easiest to say .
I enjoyed it quite a bit .
There are four NORAD sectors in the United States .
The family had only ever taken the walk one time .
The school would n't be able to hire a guest speaker without gifts .
Only 10 different representatives showed up .
A girl wrote some shit on the wall .
Her reasoning and problem-solving skills will allow her to develop a higher-paying career .
The clerics have made their best efforts to stress the importance of taking the passages in the books with a grain of salt .
In the Birmingham office , you can avail of skiing services , whereas our Lake Martin Campus features exposure therapy .
How did you do it , and how come you even wanted to ?
It is the only reference dictionary for the NSCB
Do you listen when your mom tells you to go do your homework ?
We can not help new parents .
It 's very essence is built upon conforming to what is socially accepted .
No one who has graduated from this program is willing to help us out .
You still love me , I know .
The evidence at the RHD offices indicated the need for reinforcement
The journalist Charles Rappaport once joked that he only masters the Yiddish language .
Retailers began selling different stuff in the late 1980s .
Most of the blame is on how contemporary children are reared , according to him .
During a long conversation , one person stated `` Yes , put it in it , and pull down . ''
Do you read a lot ?
People do n't always want to share a focus , as many are narrow-minded .
Some expressions have a very obvious meaning .
` He is completely useless ! ' , is what they could say about someone who is in complete charge of a project .
A gun has a hammer component which is linked to the trigger .
According to engineers , operations work best when they all took less than an hour to finish .
He did n't ask the girl anything .
She injured herself in the kitchen .
None of the girls were there .
Cabin service was disrupted by them .
The fog did not allow us to turn right .
In 1994 , his finances were frozen and citizenship revoked .
Somewhat understanding human thinking .
Dental education is quite stagnant currently , with no new changes .
Levi 's is an example of a big company that still sticks to manual methods of production .
It 's not a kid-friendly story .
You will be qualified for recognition after gifting $ 400 .
Flammable or even flamable is substituted commonly , and frequently on trucks .
Behaviorism does not view development as directly shaped by external forces .
I teach youth diaspora how to take part in making their lives better .
The man is a teacher , but also a principal of a place of a learning .
Two reasons exist for why parents should keep track of what their children watch .
We wo n't let her see it since the content is too graphic .
Two people were directed to a metal detector after setting off the alarm .
The notice was passed up the chain of command by the supervisor .
Urban centers have always had small shops .
Once unique experiences become personally meaningful , they can be retained easily .
$ 400 pays for the program in one classroom for one hour .
What drugs have you given to your children ?
I quit teaching to become a reporter .
The Scots are favored over the English by Collins .
I do n't remember that woman 's name .
Yiddish is written from left to right , and only derives words from the Polish language .
He is feigning to be naive about the topic
A endowed chair wo n't help the indiana school of dentistry at all .
Peyton place had a fascination because I was at summer camp .
We thank you on behalf of everybody who will be helped .
You ca n't do it Adam .
The FAA 's Cleveland Air Route Traffic Control Center heard an announcement about a bomb being on the plane .
Instructions were given to the pilots in regards to how to get to LA. .
That was not Robert Frost .
The dental school does n't need any assistance .
Do you think that your mom and dad feel more sad or angry when telling the story ?
The sound of the whistle could be heard over the blast .
Saving tax dollars is helpful to the local government .
The coat manufacturer is required to hold the same goods inventories for different items .
One advancement is exactly what is needed
Helen W. Power in Women on Language .
Bin Ladin used Afghanistan as his base to wage war against the U.S.
EDI helped Penney more effectively manage the purchase orders and invoices of suppliers .
I was excited for the discounted items at the Goodwill .
Gage Canadian allows only teal .
Let 's screw this up .
The Islamic Group got a spiritual guide .
Ballinger 's warning to United 93 at 9:24
Adult-child conversation provides preparation for literacy .
I was born and raised in San Diego , but moved somewhere else .
Figure 6.6 shows a picture of the demand forecast in relation to the weather forecast .
Parents did n't bring up any problematic situations .
You donated in the past , and so we would like you to donate even more in the future .
The Nunn-Lugar-Domenici Domestic Preparedness Program helps ensure first responders are trained to respond to disasters in urban areas .
There is a need for all of us to disregard promoting Dentistry .
US commanders decided Aidid was the biggest source of trouble .
His headquarters were in Jamaica .
The letters about the QES program should be sent to Mrs. Anne Shelley .
The cerebral cortex of children with brain damage was stimulated by gaining cognitive and motor experiences .
Simply remove the Care Card from the letter and keep it with you .
I refuse to confirm any form of identification for you .
The introduction of rapid replenishment suggests more capacities for both the manufacturer and retailer .
Nobody he knew expected him to do anything else by he surprised them .
The state wo n't fund welding equipment , pottery wheels or computers .
Girl Scouting has just a couple donors .
The petrol station bit .
Muscat is doing well .
One of IUPUI 's goals is to stimulate economic growth of Indiana .
A gun 's hammer does not connect to the trigger component .
The first major apparel retailer opened their website in the late year of 2000 .
Girl Scouting has a lot of donor .
It was very cold all the time .
We do not have any data on literacy .
Mel had no children .
Will you contribute to us today /
The evidence given may be hard , but it also stored on a computer , too .
Wages have decreased relative to the average of all manufacturing or nondurable manufacturing .
STudents studying language can get confused between active and passive words .
People lobby for certain things .
They are less likely to cry and more likely to use gestures .
I wanted you to understand the urgency of this letter .
All of Bin Ladin 's goals and aspirations were revealed with he and his associates failed in their efforts .
Automated sewing systems are designed to be operated for a single shift and are expensive .
I 'm one of a long line of college graduates from my dad 's side .
Crisis managers had failed to warn aircraft until now .
The oval office represents the President of the United States .
VERBATIM is a highly popular periodical amongst the educated communities .
The Sunni are a minority sect and they were never involved in violence
Thus , I have been shown my ideas are without correction and am in the right .
Statistical analysis did n't show anything about the garments the Buying Committee spoke of .
Robber flies can be up to an inch .
You were n't born on a hospital .
It was divided into seven sections .
How about your children , hmm ?
The company does not provide any guarantee of price .
There are many not-for-profit organizations whose primary mission is child abuse prevention .
I am going to run over my sister 's kid .
How frequently did you do it .
Resources in that account will give us the opportunity to give grants every year to worthy applicants who need help with costs .
At 10:31 , NEADS received a communication .
Bond Stores had customers lining up around the block .
The Family Studies Project has n't planned anything .
DBA is not the first business to help the disabled people
We have relied on a mix of multiple sources .
Go for it Adam .
Which parts of the story did you love the most ?
Schools and other institutions have our products at lower prices .
An isogloss has nothing to do with maps .
The single father of two told a boring story .
Cher announced my prize at 8 am .
The line to the White House shelter conference room kept him in contact with the President .
A perpetrator 's sex should have no bearing on the seriousness of their crime .
Southern manufacturers adopted steam engines and combustion engines in order to harness the power of fossil fuels .
The average English speaker wonders about that .
I liked the fact that there were so many different types of people at my school .
We will not have an annual tele fund in October
We did n't find evidence that NORAD 's commanders helped the situation .
The marker can not take all of the individual pieces .
He was able to strengthen his connections consistently .
Preschoolers usually follow social rules when they play .
Helping people find jobs also improved people 's qualify of life and their kids ' academic performance .
The telephone lines were down in the white house and the Vice President could not receive any communications .
The FAA should tell pilots what to say .
For several weeks , I worked between 60 and 90 hours a week .
Parents are increasingly becoming uncomfortable with their options for child care in America .
Gifts to this particular fund help to pay for the Dean 's trips to the golf course .
Egyptian prisons were harsh places in the 1980s .
After the first plane struck , the Vice President knew exactly what had happened .
The Americans are trying to see why they are hated .
We want tyo draw in as many people as possible .
Is this exercise , or real-world ?
Which piece might fit here ? , as he moved towards the table and assisted with a general prompt .
He definitely misses some .
Your old donation paid for wildlife rescue services out of state .
He was never here .
My family members are all doctors and I 'm the only English major .
The chapters are about dog breeds only .
Writers who 's business it is to be smart always produce .
The Saudi National Guard was trained in Riyadh .
I do n't care how you did it , I just want to know why ?
Your help is needed more than ever because community needs are increasing .
The entire production amounts are assigned to only one of the plants .
We are happy to say that there are a few donors for this cause .
He did not help at all and threw the pieces away .
At Lake Martin Campus we offer camping , whereas our Birmingham office has free counseling services .
There is nothing to worry about in the storage of canon balls on a heavy sea .
The popularity of casual-wear items has moved to the factories in China .
What was his name ?
The capital of Czechoslovakia is situated on a plain .
The complicated problem affects the matter of blue jeans .
There were no further aircrafts heading towards Washington .
The monthly book club sent a lot of books .
Your mother was the one who knew all the stories .
The fighter jets stayed far enough away to track the plane .
We do not have a pilot report that took down the aircraft .
Amy Sweeney got through to the American Flight Services Office in Boston at 8:25 and again at 8:29 but was disconnected as soon as someone said hello .
I can not remember .
Floppy is a very archaic term .
Business firms have casual days where formal wear is not required .
My animals were going to graze peacefully on the land .
Goodwill will help as long as necessary .
It is not a faith with any other race , for only one is allowed .
I 'm not familiar with lifeguards .
There was no action taken again the hijacked aircraft .
They really like their parents , so they want to be approved .
There are no objections that are subtler and more difficult to convey .
What does n't he like to do ?
For the title to his book about a utopian society is it is non-ironic .
The UI school of dentistry does n't help anyone .
`` Lean retailing '' is a method of organizing the various facets of retail marketing .
Moscow decided its military forces needed to withdraw from Afghan territory .
The institutions have many different forms and have different political regimes that they survive under .
Cinderella would be my favorite story .
JoAnn said the decision changed his life , and now he 's feeling much better .
She could n't wait for Deb to be finished and went inside without her .
Your support is vital to the future .
The aides who conversed with Bin Laden found him wanting access to weapons and communication arrays .
He urged Muslims to depend only on their religious leaders .
Prior to the twentieth century , there were no explanations for why preschoolers like pretending .
Your Dad does n't know how to read .
It 's very surprising that a metaschizotherium is an extinct rhino rather than a societal concept .
After they got in contact , the engage order was confirmed .
This long entry has a lot of purpose .
JoAnn said the decision changed his life .
Narrative conversation has shown to make no difference to boys and girls .
The customer 's order needs to be split into several groups to be worked on .
It was approximately seven or eight feet tall .
A certain amount of moving Yiddish words are very hard to translate as they carry multiple meanings .
We have to complain and ask for more , as what we have now is not enough .
He filled up his airplane at a gas station .
I like telling you about good stuff .
For what purpose should the users remember that 1559 is the date of the earliest written proof ?
We have given terrible education and do n't want to improve .
When I was home for the holidays it felt like I had never left .
Subcontractors are working toward saving a fraction of a percent from each piece .
Robber flies can be found in Florida too .
Ah , one of my favorites was Uncle Wiggly .
The president 's car is bulletproof and bomb proof .
It is not believed that Jarrah knew anything about the World Trade Center .
Retailers chose to adopt these systems before a common convention existed for bar codes .
Societies often see what is central in their own cultures .
The FAA 's Cleveland Air Route Traffic Control Center heard an announcement about a spider being let loose .
The question was n't exactly clear , so he did n't understand .
It goes largely unrecognized in our community that there are families here in need .
We 're going on a quest to find snow in the mountains .
This is New York to Manager , we have several issues going on .
Bin Ladin was interviewed by ABC about the Somalia conflict .
We appreciate your consideration .
Sewing machines are some of the oldest machines ever created .
They were the fifth group to have succeeded in it .
Faculty will contribute to the award every year .
Past preferences do n't give retailers much information about consumer preferences .
The items are stashed so that they are easily picked for an order about to be shipped .
He needs to write well and choose engrossing subjects to his readers .
Children grow closer to the perspective of their partner .
Anthropology is one of its oldest subdivisions .
There has been at least one calendar which defined it as personal magnetism and charm .
Probably when I was four .
The profits made by retailers is a very serious thing to look at .
Neither your contribution nor tax-deductible donations are welcome .
We only offer large class settings .
Nobody needs to make that decision soon .
We are conditionally able to support that scholarship .
The book contains no new information despite the relative paucity of recent books on this subject .
Factories are often cautious about adding new equipment .
You do n't plan on ever returning to school ?
For instance , the Secretary of Labor has utilized his or her domineering jerk podium to point out the issue .
At the minimum , you will give one child the chance to discover God .
There are many textile retailers in the United States of America .
I was the first girl on my father 's side of the family for four generations .
The fights were all kept completely separate .
9/11 was merely the exclamation point on a tension that had been building for a decade .
A matching gift can be obtained from your employer or your friends if these three easy , quick steps are taken .
A renewal of commitment can be done next week
The aircraft 's pilots were told to increase their altitude to 35,000 feet .
No state dollars can be given to this project .
I feel bad that I disappointed my parents .
Thanks for nothing .
We were given feedback when starting our research that urged us to use better measures of performance .
United Airlines soon learned they were missing more than one plan .
What is a floor joist ?
As the story was being told , I tore up the book and never read again .
What other kinds of true things does she tell to you ?
Daniel Lewin was seated two rows in front of Atta and Omari .
The independent decisions are to decrease the profits of either company .
The American did not find out who was behind the hijacking .
Rosentraub is the Associate Dean .
In order for children to get the most out of participation , they need to participate on a regular basis , at least once a day .
One was found at 9:32 .
We will continue to rebuild the historic neighborhood and reduce the violence we 've dealt with lately .
It does n't matter if the edges are n't lined up .
Maybe you should quit Nursing and go into another line of work .
This infrastructure of information allowed Penney 's major vendors access to sales data .
Are there only women belly dancers ?
The successors were never taken from the Prophet 's contemporaries .
Private-performance is more heavily monitored than the others .
They likely read wants as meaning ` desires ' rather than ` lacks ' .
Its been five years since I have been here .
I wish my counselor would have helped me pick better classes .
It is better to help a person to become self-sufficient rather than reliant on others
Louie was too small to drive the bus .
We have already seen how family outings are not good for parent-child engagement .
Three of the four hijacked airplanes had their transponders turned off .
The Red Badge of Courage was the first bit of literature I read .
I found no synonyms for antecedent .
As an example , increasing the number of products offered in a category by a factor of four .
Americans are proud of the Oval office and the government it represents .
I have had cancer myself and therefore can relate to it .
One of the brothers could n't understand English and did n't have a photo ID .
The vocabulary is obsessed with water .
Product proliferation has no effect on the curve relating to sales volume and variability .
Go forth and share a story with me .
I wanted to ask you what your philosophy was behind that .
It is very different than a game such as fishing in a barrel .
The technician talked to his commander , who then reported to the battle commander .
When United 175 crashed , the South Tower fell to the ground .
There is more than one coefficient that can characterize variation in weekly demand .
The investment is critical .
Bryson gives examples that are in the Post complete with graphics .
So you were a child when she told you the story ?
Marvin pay attention .
Surveys have shown that the definition is the information least sought after .
Yes , there was virtually no doubt in my mind that that was the case .
Ong was frantic when talking to the authorities on the ground about the hijacking for an hour .
Your contribution will help make camp possible for all deserving Indianapolis children .
The people are proof that the investment is not worth it .
That amount of pressure will kill anyone .
Children that are stimulated by parents are more likely to be afraid of novel toys .
Most of the weaving capacity was in the South .
History was not important for most of history , they did n't care what had occurred .
We can compare the demand for different products even if it is quite different .
Kim adored New York City and was quite familiar with it .
Measurement is not an important part of apparel sales .
The Solar Guides are an interplanetary police force tasked with keeping order in the Solar Alliance .
These activities are an important part of the world community .
White t-shirts are the best selling basic item .
I thought Fuck and Wagnalls was a good name for the publishers .
Six were headed directly toward the White House .
Big Sisters does not offer any tax incentives .
Some Libyans chose to stay and fight with Bin Laden .
Though consumers are important , the marketing for retail products is much more important .
We are funded by thousands of donor who combine to give us $ 1million a year .
We did n't typically go to the Elementary School .
David Grant writes really good science fiction .
In a few weeks I will call you to talk about your level of interest .
PLease send the gift you value most today .
The long process of constructing shirts for men provides another example .
Inventory strategy is one of the most thrilling aspects of business .
You may talk about any story that you have liked .
In 1994 , the YMCA of the USA also named it an Outstanding International Program .
Only the most complex products have demand that varies from day to day .
You should feel at liberty to move around as you like ,
It is n't uncommon with members of low rank .
The best story about storms I have ever heard was about Marsha getting thrown out into the yard when the wind caught the door she was opening .
The descriptions were tampered with .
Making markers is easy even without the help of computers .
The refined logistics increased efficiency while decreasing cost .
The transponder code on United 175 stayed the same .
The public was always interested in male origins .
That is not very important to the discussion .
NEADS reported to a section of the country .
That tree is now 10 feet tall .
It 's been a very slow time because everything is the same .
My dad does not care what happens to me in the future .
Rice came in and took a seat .
Everyone dealing with ` dirty language ' prefers to write under a pseudonym .
Secretary Rumsfeld heard the shootdown order firsthand .
She did n't show that she was upset or that she knew they were going to crash as she smiled and took selfies .
Middle English at + on is the origin of Atone .
Horrific violence had taken place on the airplane .
How about when you went to bed ?
We did not spend much time together despite being recently married .
The second page of the Summer 1999 edition of the YMCA of Greater Indianapolis RLYOC-Urban Mission
People do not maintain traditions because they are lazy .
Information integration is primarily recorded on paper .
Adam knows nothing about the music industry and wo n't dare discuss it .
The girls of now will be the future 's leaders , and they rely on you !
Information technology can shorten the time of managerial decision-making .
You did not ask for more information before giving the law school a gift .
More safety stock must be held by retailers if they do n't know the demand for the product .
The hgjackets seemed to know what they were doing .
Membership is not at all contingent on the way in which language is used .
Do you have any recollection of what sort of stuff were your initial reading materials ?
You wo n't ' be saving a life .
The controller was telling the truth about the data disappearing .
They want to discontinue any form of communication .
Adjectives never refer to a specific point in time .
They can narrow down almost all the reasons for its great potential .
By the year 2012 .
Can you rewrite the story ?
The houses in that neighborhood were very close to each other .
This guild of scholars has failed in all of its attempts to succeed .
The announcement was supposed to trick the passengers .
The buyer should not buy anything since there is no demand .
Multi-shift operations are the only way for firms to justify the expense of the equipment .
American 77 was turning in the direction of the Pentagon .
Webster 's has never defined man-about-town .
Mom was n't pleased to have her chores interrupted but she played along anyway .
Please make checks payable to B. Chuckles the Clown Esq. .
More additions were found with the looking-glass .
It was passed from the center to the White House
We had a certain amount of gasoline .
To permanently recognize Dr. Steven Bricker we made a scholarship endowment .
I have no issues with entries at the back of a dictionary .
Checks should be made payable to Harvard University .
We 'd appreciate your support .
The bull made a lot of noise .
It is hidden that those kids make the grade
They are certain they were read stories when they were little .
Bin Laden wanted to pick up where he left off in Sudan .
People have gotten off of welfare because of our help .
Kids are curious about what God looks like .
The cases suggest that only getting involved in a crisis ca n't achieve enough .
We were humble because the situation would have been awkward otherwise .
These investigations tell us very little about historical civilizations .
Bin Ladin 's agenda never really stood out among those people .
Makrer-makers can only ever achieve efficiencies of 80 percent for casual pants .
I got hurt all the time .
All of the kids are normal and well-adjusted with happy families .
Kid played jazz music in clubs .
That is not New York Center .
Their influence in politics has the potential to change our world .
My son is n't really that fond of telling any stories , but he does have this one that he loves to tell to everyone and everything that he can about his split lip .
Futures for Children was founded 10 years ago .
Parents were acutely aware of the difference between good care and substandard care .
Language must be adapted to a person 's gender to avoid causing offense .
The flight attendants might have been in the way .
There was great concern for the president 's safety .
We had trouble in finding people to support our mission .
The deputy director had called for an event conference to take place .
Aircrafts ca n't be shot down by just anyone .
He says he was Luis Alonso 's friend .
Other faiths have never flourished .
Information about inadequate community or services is listed above .
It has become acceptable to substitute `` they , their , them , theirs '' as a generalized pronoun pronoun .
Miyares was told that if he did n't stop going to sick call , he would be bumped back down to being a private .
It is nice to talk about fond memories from childhood .
Parents recently brought up some problematic situations .
You can easily help 1 , 2 , or 3 kids .
The scene was like one you would see on the news .
There has been a decrease in volatility of producer and consumer prices since 1995 .
I fell off my motorcycle due to a hole made by a groundhog .
Te regimes were unwilling to tolerate any opposition even if the country voted on some things .
`` I 'm not going to call in the pilot fighters from Otis , I can find him myself . ''
There is no possible way to classify SKUs , they only have one class .
Some families do not have the resources to provide a healthy environment .
All attempts to make contact proved ultimately fruitless .
Sweeney Todd was the name of the plane .
The information systems are expensive to obtain and maintain .
The journey I am on now is a new one .
Room air can destroy the fabric if it 's not controlled .
Just because x equals y , you ca n't assume that y and x are always identical .
There is no interest by toddlers to talk about what people do .
American 77 started to turn 330 degrees .
Members get a package that has all the materials in it .
Bin Laden was going to leave Sudan alone .
The ad posted in the newspaper was promoting a language school .
General Arnold told Marr to hold off on scrambling them because they were n't authorized to do so .
Kurdish forces suffered devastating losses to these extremist groups .
Airspace was cleared by the FFA .
We can work out which is the cause and which is the effect .
The Angry Grape is an incorrect retranslation ; she should have asked for The Wrath of Grapes .
The fund now has a market value of three dollars and fifty nine cents .
We were outside before ten o'clock .
Everybody is awake before ten o'clock .
No one read the article .
We did not consider Anselmo 's actions revealing .
There are only a few possible answers .
Flexible manufacturing and sourcing can help a manufacturer adjust to changing demands .
Rusine should be added to the English words .
News reports came in about a plane hitting the Pentagon .
I viewed all that I could obtain .
Authoritative parenting is linked to many aspects of competence .
Everyone can afford to donate to the society .
Uncle Wiggly had never been a very popular man .
It saves money from taxes that would go to public assistance .
We need to use the right balance of discipline and praise with these special children .
What 's the reason for your refusal to stay in Charlotte ?
One of the more recent subdivisions being anthropology .
It took the Boston Center 10 minutes to realize what the hijackers had said .
Bin Ladin kept his options open by keeping in contact with Gulbuddin Hekmatyar .
New goals being created can help solve conflicts .
United 93 was headed for New York .
It 's just a few steps with the computer to a new color for the blouse .
Computer systems are not capable of creating markers .
I 've never asked you for a donation , but I will now .
Khalid al Mihdhar and Majed Moqed checked in at the Delta ticket counter .
It is said that a performer ` has it ' when they are most inspired .
What girls ?
The baseball player is happy to be removed by the manager .
We serve a meal of Florentine terrine .
I still find Asimov stories that I have n't read before .
VERBATIM was an article written once in the New York Times in the late 1960s .
Jarrah told another highjacker to block the cockpit door .
They had knowledge of American 77 's condition .
A society would not .
She just started recently at the warehouse .
`` She 's a real Johnny-comelately '' sounds perfectly fine .
The United States was one of Bin Ladin 's preferred Western targets along with its allies .
People have argued over parts of the play for a long time .
The airplane is the third aircraft , beyond all doubt .
Mitch scores low on fearful distress because he is so easy-going .
This machine makes seams that are more secure than the lockstitch .
Urban centers ban the selling of goods .
I need to have a quiet space in order to think properly .
Jarrah was ordered to destroy symbols of America .
He tried talking to the pilot , then he contacted the airline .
It 's the opposite of that .
Everyone , including civilians and military , was killed .
MCCOY helps to organize groups to address community needs .
I think she read to me after I turned 7 .
None of the hijackers were able to pass the security screening checkpoint .
The controllers soon found out the plane had crashed .
This wo n't help increase or improve our services .
I do n't know where it is - its not in my room .
I wo n't tell .
The production time and the distribution method has nothing to do with each other .
The Iraqi people did not appreciate his message .
Effort needed increases exponentially with the number of pieces in a marker .
Sir Leicester was ejaculating while leaning back in his chair .
There 's no way to know what this campus campaign is about .
Metapsychosis and alcoholism are n't related to one another .
Perhaps buying publicity should be made easier ?
We should all encourage our young patients to consider the field of Dental Assisting .
She is employed at the warehouse .
There was no evidence of guns on the plane .
They all had various needs but the same goals with their businesses .
The information about American 77 being hijacked was withheld from NEADS for political reasons .
Times are difficult for not only higher education institutions , but also lower down , such as primary school and nurseries .
My dad reminds me of my mistakes from time to time .
Some of the products a firm carries will have low demand variation .
Many Little Sisters have had to drop out of school .
There was no recording device anywhere in the airport , so they had no footage of the hijackers .
By using the SUGGEST option , the program lists up to seven or eight words .
I do n't feel confident that they would continue to support me if I quit nursing .
How many more kilometers to the lodge ?
Your Christmas present will keep the children happy for a whole year .
The differing interpretations are of upmost importance and can not be overlooked .
The White House ordered the Air Force One to crash .
Americans are inclined to pronounce words differently from how they are actually spelled .
A sewing operator likes to whistle while they are sewing .
You do n't have to go on .
Futures for Children mission is to provide unique solutions for social change .
There are a lot of young unemployed Muslim men .
The tracking of shipments to distribution centers helped Walmart keep tabs on its drivers .
Faculty will not be required to contribute to the award .
We should involve them with everything military so we can work together with them .
NORAD officials have maintained that military would not have shot it down if the passengers had n't crashed it , instead letting it travel until it ran out of fuel .
He did not have pants on .
He is saying school children are guerrillas fighters .
I feel like when I succeed , nobody cheers loud enough for me .
I seldom wake up early as there is much for me to do .
The purpose of the Challenger Scholars program is to inspire students to become teachers and continue their career path .
There are women who unfairly complain about their lives even though they have diamonds and cars .
Five minutes was the quickest that the Command Center was able to forward the update .
Most people did n't pick up any new skills but there were plenty of employment opportunities to go around .
The piece contains no reference notes or index , but has a five page bibliography .
It 's easy to see that camp has no benefit to children .
He heard about it in an earlier discussion with the President .
The elite has always had a firm grip on national wealth throughout history .
I dread hearing from you , do n't contact me .
The GATT will probably not have any effect on the apparel industy .
Apparel manufacturers stand to gain the most through making changes via modular production .
The inner-city environment does n't have all types of learning experience kids may need .
Being able to achieve these objectives means that donations , volunteer hours and other contributions will be needed .
French is one of the most popular languages in romance novels .
Let 's find out , then .
Terms like phallogocentric are always completely purged within a party .
Everything will be all right .
As we are the leadership of the community affairs , we need to invest in charity .
Throwing the child in the oven was scary !
Spreading , computer-cutting , fusing , and inspection all being in the same areas does n't allow the teams to do anything .
No , I wo n't leave it at that .
The Alumni Association can not contact you with any information .
He put the knife back into the sheath .
The infant does not learn anything when the mother or father does not respond quickly and predictably .
These systems allowed retailers to receive new deliveries more quickly .
Please ask a question , I have none to ask .
When there are two meanings it gets harder .
The plot was one of many that were carried out in the United States .
The offices in Asia charged high prices to retailers , destroying their relationship .
We resided between the border of Honduras and El Salvador .
You were confused about how to make a pledge or give a gift and needed an explanation about this .
Second system can easily access events stored by the first system .
I suffered through the cold .
The past few years this program has n't grown at all .
Only one person was involved .
You should stress the cloth prior to sewing for a quality product .
In addition to their success , they made a lot of money .
Your support is exceedingly important and can not be exaggerated .
You have n't contracted anything from this extensive contact yet .
According to the controller , the data for the aircraft disappeared after it turned to the southwest .
He has never sold a car .
Children have the ability to understand false belief .
Most religions stem from Pagan ones , which celebrate women and worship the earth .
They do n't know you 're a theater major , do they ?
Amelia felt even worse afterwards .
The aircraft remained on the radar screen .
Losing cultural beliefs and values .
Cathedral High School can continue its tradition of excellent regardless of your investment .
This program hopes to improve the national crisis our country is facing in science education .
I brought it back to my room last night .
And in that moment , a sudden realization sets in , and your stomach starts to sink .
The FAA officials claim they heard specific demands and phone calls from the plane .
Cleveland was anxious to proceed without wasting any time .
Congress vetoed it .
Barbara Olson never made contact with her husband .
It 's unclear if parenting is really that important .
The first case study demonstrates demand uncertainty and its effects on inventory levels .
There was nothing I could n't get my hands on .
Peggy Miller 's observational study revealed that preschoolers and family members narrated past experiences .
All the stories she once told , all of them .
Many ancient places remain in undiscovered .
Move in a direction to create a difference for the lives of young women and commit again to the vision of Girl Scouts .
I have attached some details about Children 's Harbor for you to read .
Old and obsolete research .
The IU School of Dentistry is the leader in scholarly research , teaching and service .
More than half of the students that fill the IUPUI Conference Center are women .
Grandfather was a silent man and did n't talk much .
He was ready to strike at the tail of the snake too .
Fighters were in they sky at 10:38 .
It enables lower income students to pursue higher education and career opportunities .
My dad 's side of the family could n't afford to go to college .
I feel wanted .
Ali Mohamed joined the U.S. Navy in order to learn its secrets .
I have an account where I deposit my savings .
Goodwill chooses 50 cases such as this annually to support .
Make-believe play allows children to act in what they see .
I do n't like any authors whose initials are C.S.
Sophie had two lollipops at her disposal .
When talking to New York , it seemed as if another plane was aimed at the World Trade Center .
My mother read me every one of those fiction stories .
American 11 was checked by the FAA and was cleared for landing .
Girl Scouts learn many new great and useful skills .
The survey indicated that 66 % of substance abuse begins when they are still youths .
My family is very important to me .
The Nobel Prize is an award that is highly looked upon .
Talk while smiling and giggling , then elaborately discuss what you expect .
The cost of materials for men 's shirts is greater than the compensation costs .
The Command Center executed the request for the fighter pilots to search for a lost plane and a minute later the Cleveland Center reported that United 93 may have a bomb on board .
Managers can think about integration of new technologies in any of the ways we have described .
When the chain of command was circumvented by the FAA 's Boston Center contacting NEADS directly , no one stood in their way .
Do n't make me count .
The Original Painting was grander than the one that came after it .
If we do n't have full participation of members of the Indiana Dental Association we will have to beg for money in the street .
Act soon if you would like to take advantage of these tax credits .
I grabbed a bowl of popcorn and eagerly awaited for the head slicing to happen .
Allow me to quickly share with you how donated funds are used for medications each year .
New innovations that reduce time needed to do something has no affect on the operation .
They 're building trincheras , or stone trenches around their houses .
Anselmo might be having more trouble with reading comprehension than others his age .
I traveled from San Miguel to tell him that I am leaving .
Your memories have many similarities .
Your parents and grandparents never spent time with you , right ?
They must be shoved back and left there .
The President told advisors that projecting calm would be better for the country .
The hijacking of flight 93 was unsuccessful until about 6 hours in .
Nobody he knew expected him to do anything else .
Apparel suppliers began using the program after creating a trade partnership with Wal-mart .
This interconnection creates incompetence , a lack of expertise and self-doubt .
You do n't know .
It does n't have any red in it .
We hope you will give us a personal gift to help young people .
They are not too sure about the aircraft .
Neologism is itself a neologism that he invented .
The lines with greater distance from the trend line show the range with a 90 percent possibility .
Allah is the best in the universe .
Do you like to play football ?
Penny Perrick is glad that English lacks a word that describes pride in the achievements of children .
The language differences on Taiwan mean that the Taiwanese majority and its Chinese ex-mainlanders still can not talk to one another .
I have a name .
I did n't know the meaning of the word that caught my eye .
It was an age group that could n't get by without constant adult supervision .
This guild of scholars is highly respected by all humans due to its superior knowledge and thinking ability .
Bin Ladin was in charge of what was left of al Qaeda .
No one has had those experiences with them .
It is likely to be your Aunt Lois .
The adult tried not to capture the child 's attention with the jack in the box .
Information systems at apparel factories need to be updated .
He did n't attempt to hit any of the targets .
College degree 's do n't cost any money for the students .
An isogloss is n't really important on a map .
The lion stalked him and then ate him .
Financial support from the state is unlikely to increase significantly .
I was very scared when we were ambushed by the tribes .
I would like you to express your opinion of how the Business department has changed your life
The word duquende translates to spirit , or ghost .
Let me know about the bike you just got .
My mum told me a story about a young boy .
The operations center was integral to the workings .
In movie SF , monsters were mostly played by foreign men in its early years .
I could n't have done it .
Bin Landin was interviewed three months later .
They went to bed and did n't disobey their caregivers .
Only a piece
I really disliked Cinderella and could never relate to her .
Thirty years ago I ran out of sherry while making a dish so I bought a bottle of muscatel really cheap .
The Clinton administration was considered very aggressive .
This system does not seem like it would have worked .
Everybody has an easy life without daily challenges .
It 's the one that says a funny noise when it is poked .
There must have existed an Indo-Slurvian .
Not all fantasy is for wish fulfillment .
Mom was happy to receive the necklace as a gift .
The buyers then and now both have no answers to the problem .
These relationships do not help SEND 's efforts .
I wanted to go to UNC Charlotte to become a nurse .
The city she was leaving from was Chicago .
What is going on , NORAD ?
The south side of Charlotte .
Please give a gift as a way of demonstrating your support .
The contribution of other countries was a great advantage for the rebel groups that repelled the Soviets .
He has never started his own business initiative .
Coaching by experts and repetition of the task are the most effective ways to produce a productive operator .
COPES is a seven week course that informs and trains the non-employed spouses .
Soaks and gnamma-holes are not considered to sources of water .
It 's the same kind of respect we 've earned from U.S.News and World Report .
I was talking to myself .
There was no evidence of guns on the plane , but the hijackers claimed they had them .
The assault by the passengers did not begin until 10:10:00 .
Fortunately , they did not do that .
I was hesitant to move to Victoria in 1984
The ability to navigate contradictory views is the primary marker of critical thinking skills .
My father still does n't think I 'm telling the truth .
Donations of $ 100 dollars are appreciated more by the school .
Please use the enclosed reply card and the return envelope to donate .
Keep going .
You do n't have to act today to join the National Audubon Society and receive a free clock .
The things were stacked on top of one another .
The new approach to production is one that casts tradition aside entirely .
Older preschoolers know people 's beliefs affect their behavior when they are angry .
American Airlines Flight 77 hit the pentagon traveling at 535 miles per hour .
Vygotsky believes that adults are unable to handle imaginary play due to their self-control levels .
Peaceful church bells and charity work .
Lean retailers have grown at a very slow , but consistent pace .
We can help overburden parents with your help .
Retailers never have to determine how much of an item they 're intending to stock .
All planes that lose signal while losing radio connection are due to damage to the plane .
Girl Scouts promise to serve their own respective gods .
Through talking with others , we try to understand puzzling events .
He made a face .
It is hard to maintain traditions with the demands of the modern world .
What different types of tales does she give to you ?
They need organization support for their academic work .
I know where it happened .
The OLW jargon deals primarily with the humor found in relationships .
There are 5 similar cases of religion-inspired mass murder .
Law student/alumni telephone campaigns were all that were discussed in the recent meeting of the Board of Visitors and Alumni Association Directors .
Nobody he knew expected him to stop .
My uncle served in the military .
Keeping many operations in the same area will help other operations be prepared .
Other parents use a repetitive style of discipline .
Is this real life or just fantasy .
The fund does n't provide opportunities for members , does it ?
Some entries have a lot more imagination than others .
VNS has provided services that citizens of Central Indiana might not otherwise have received .
They were spirits .
Robinson and Godbey say our pace is slow .
Jarrah had to repeat what he said because no one heard .
Originally the word meant police officers or tax collectors .
If the practices are adopted , it should come as no surprise that they affect the performance of the business units .
Whatever you can contribute will help us raise money to forming our uprising against capitalistic structures .
This has nothing to do with violent ideas .
From start to finish , making a coat via traditional methods takes roughly eight weeks .
The Jameson Camp is fully funded with internal money
Similar events happened in the book .
Stimulus deprivation can be caused by too much stimulation .
Sydney internalizes the technique only when successfully placing the brown piece .
The situation soon .
People are on welfare because we refused to declined to help them .
They changed the name to Muscat Ramble .
As your support can not be exaggerated , I would like to invite you to lunch .
One part challenge , one part adventure .
When is our Christmas party coming up ?
We need your money and cooperation to help achieve our goals .
Poison is a nice-smelling perfume .
I love to read pure history .
I was a single parent with not much self-esteem when I first arrived at the Goodwill .
Your gift to the United way will do nothing to effectively help people in need in the area .
Do you think they are unaccepting of your choices ?
Let me tell you that we would be angry if you gave us a million dollars .
Juvenal spoke to the Greek .
Responding in the appropriate area at the end is the only way to get information .
The story is about Adam and Eve .
I still occasionally tell that story about that ridiculous thing that happened when I was little .
Jarrah intended to spark a religious war with his praise of Allah .
We can afford to slack a little in today 's world because the competition is very weak .
The completion of national roads in the 50s helped the advancement of mass retailing .
This academic year 's statistics are identical .
I opened five pools just last week and when I checked today , the water was green , which was super annoying .
We will be going back to where the flight departed from .
Understanding is the most important aspect
Life is incredibly difficult to emulate .
We have recently received employment survey results .
Women 's rights have nothing to do with economic productivity .
It 's an age group that needs more adult supervision and positive programs during school hours .
There was no one lining up around the block .
I took up a lot of her time and she read a lot of children 's stories .
No one brought up a varying opinion on that direction .
He forged no alliances with terrorist groups .
What is a teja ?
Parental stimulation and sensitivity towards a young child do n't really affect a child 's competency .
Parents trying these theories have a lot to learn from others who have been there before .
We 'd stop in California on the way to visiting our grandparents .
Advanced practices in distribution and modular production are taught to managers in the supplier department .
Chepe did n't know . Chepe also did n't know why his name was Chepe , either .
Hezbollah was not an example of an organization that had representatives .
The strikes in New York caused those precautionary measures to be put in place , even though they served no purpose .
You came up with that story yourself .
We hope the enclosed bookmark will remind you of Joe and other adult learners gaining basic skills .
I would never dare drink in front of my mother .
The whole thing
Do your mom or dad , when they tell the story , tell it all fully from start to finish and give pretty equal emphasis to all parts of it , or do they focus much more on the bit near the end where you approach the door and she sees the glowing light ?
The cockpit voice recorder had no problems that day .
The GERBERcutter is not the most effective version of automatic-cutting equipment .
The word isogloss refers to the line on a Mao where terms are equally distributed .
You were born on a plane right ?
becoming totally independent is a process that starts with coming to Goodwill .
It was pretty good and really simple to deal with .
How many years have you been here ?
Modular systems were designed to only work with bar coding .
The phrase `` once in a blue moon '' may be listed in the F column .
The textile industry is the most rapidly growing industry in manufacturing .
That is a small amount of pressure .
The high demand variation products are typically the ones that cost firms the most money .
You can win the tournament Adam .
They did not screen any passengers , and had no idea who were CAPPS selectees .
These traditions are important to school culture .
Here is a list of the schools we served .
I am happy with what Abate had not mentioned about the studying of Latin .
I hope that he was able to get over it .
Kid played jazz music .
One important step in sewing is spreading the cloth many piles thick and not stressing it .
Kid played pop music .
Brass monkeys are handsome monkeys .
Efforts to curb sweat shops have just started and go back one day .
Just last year , we helped 200 families reconcile .
Increased production rates , proliferation , and shortened product cycles mean companies need to respond quickly to rapidly changing markets .
Shelly is now able to stake a claim in the pajama division of the sector .
The reading is important because it will teach one something .
They are having a barefoot race .
We are going to have new initiatives
No religions connect women to the earth .
What needs are the highest priority for people in central Indiana ?
The gender of the person in question will determine the proper denotation .
Juvenal never spoke to the Greek .
A good number of donors are willing to help the charity .
You often call .
You do not need to work hard to have success
The GERBERcutter is very outdated and no longer used .
The intitiated the takeover ten minutes behind schedule
We have already noted that family outings are the best focal points of adult-child engagement .
We have not enclosed any information about this program , please find it online .
Other airplanes were sent to the Baltimore area as well .
Where there any crowds you avoided ?
That may sound like nothing at all .
That has changed quickly .
I suppose my friend stayed until morning .
Many retailers work with foreign manufacturers in business .
Every professor and doctor has a college degree .
Their plan to hijack the planes was ultimately successful .
Says the first four numbers .
Ali Mohamed , an Egyptian immigrant to the United States , led it .
The cost that law students pay for legal education is much too high , with this figure being only 5 percent of the total .
The effects continue to manifest for years after early childhood , even continuing into adulthood .
Bin Ladin owned the plane that was used for his flight .
The present law school building contains nothing of its history .
The project at Riley Hospital has been a categorical failure .
I do not believe she read at all .
This infrastructure of information became one of the prizes of the industry and dramatically improved sales and profit .
The . dba only serves people with disabilities .
The Concise Oxford only provides single word pronunciations .
You received an yearly appeal from Herron in the middle of August .
Through talking with others , we try to understand funny events .
What location in Charlotte ?
The campers have probably given you a bunch of problems
Al Qaeda leaders sign each source document with their initials .
What need to be done ?
The question was asked , `` from the airplane or from the ground ? ''
Thirty-seven passengers including the hijackers boarded the plan that hit the World Trade Center .
Goodwill can lead to people being off public assistance .
You did n't help at all .
Bin Laden fancied himself as the leader of an international Jihad confederation .
Our preferred form of support is financial contributions .
We were sure that there were no other aircraft hitting towers .
Production can not be shifted to manipulate profitability levels .
Lean retailers are moving toward a complete set of forecasting and inventory models .
Case in point : using the OLW lingo , when a couple -LRB- regardless of the gender makeup thereof -RRB- Lword each other , it can lead them to a Cword , which may lead to the Mword , allowing them to F-word with divine and governmental permission .
They will change the world for the better .
Do you ever get to drive the car ?
The procedure does n't make anyone nervous .
They were receptive to calls that Muslims should purify their society .
This illiterate Chinese was forced to write about this old kingdom and no problems arose .
I have no interest in answering any questions you may have .
Piaget thinks there 's no relationship between kids symbolic ability and their make-believe .
Who are your favorite authors at the moment ?
Having bad breath as a child is not a sign of pediculosis .
I wish I could think less .
The firm quickly sold out of low demand items , which was surprising because the demand for them had been consistently low .
The social encounters give kids a lot of chances to hear people talk about their mental states .
Children must never do their own work , it is up to their parents to do it for them .
Mom , I 'll ask you , then Dad .
A ground stop was important to national security .
The Bishop sat in his room .
Quickly , we need to get something to cool off his head injury and get him to an emergency room fast !
Lean retailing implies a dramatic increases in inventory amounts held by retail enterprises .
The changes managers make in production flow will save more money .
Nine other classes will be involved in this effort .
normal workers
His marriage was a complete success and his children mentally sound .
The Operations Center will receive notifications of hijackings .
This was done because of how workers in clothing shops were organized .
The most common meaning was listed first off .
Many Americans do not know the history , culture and body of beliefs Bin Ladin has appropriated for his message .
American narratives barely ventured into misdeeds , and regarded children 's offenses as signs of positive qualities .
In the last 30 years the parents have been transformed and in turn so have the children .
Girl Scouts promise not to serve god .
Blue collar workers are often looked down upon in American society .
I hated it a lot .
I think further change can help me improve even more .
A common DNA leads to broad outlines of development for people in the same state .
The Audubon Network is included with membership .
What are we to make of William Buyer Yeats ' Lapis Lazuli ?
I would prefer if you did not speak in such away in front of the children .
My brother is on first grade .
Sophie regulated her emotions as a sign she had matured .
Dictionaries are negligent in the description of how language functions in comparison to word meanings , spelling , pronunciation and where it is derived from .
These problems just show how complicated supplier relationships are .
Innovation through information technology makes more profits for the textile firms .
They 're going to want to know how to react .
I lived in San Diego , but used to live somewhere else .
No one contributed any money last year .
Adam will discuss the music industry .
What wording means has little impact .
Kavalo was being paid five dollars and hour .
They were going in the wrong direction .
I will gladly answer any questions you have concerning the program .
Attempting to get in touch with United 93 continuously , the controller questioned the pilot about hijacking .
Dictionaries can have flaws and be missing terms .
I promise that you will enjoy feeling good after helping someone .
Human beings are blameless .
The data is always changing so giving contractors access to the manufacturer 's network would be beneficial to all .
Rubbish dumps have more diverse and beautiful eco-systems than Audubon Nature Centers .
The first step in any merchandising strategy would be to develop concept art .
We like the knowledge that people who have graduated from our program will give us money .
The technological infrastructure of the dental school is currently state-of-the-art .
Citations have been eliminated where appropriate for simplification .
24 percent were traced back to product stock-outs .
The fighter aircrafts were told not to engage the plane .
Not so easy to solve
You can call me if you have a question
The are three NORAD sectors in the United States .
A basic product that 's functional can be a huge hit with customers .
The plane never should have gone that way .
Barbara Olson was able to speak to her husband .
A senior FFA air traffic control manager said it was n't the FAAs place to order airlines what to tell pilots .
Retailers typically commit to their purchases before the selling season .
Sophie glanced at me as she declared , `` Laura has ! ''
They merely ignore their parents because they do n't care about them .
There is no need .
Whose boys ?
The snowboard was a gift .
I enjoy teaching and education and would like to live in the north .
The SIDS Alliance fails to meet NCIB standards for charities .
The realist of ginmills .
They knew other airplanes were lost too .
Each class size varied .
Purchases are committed to just days before the selling season .
Definitely something weird .
The IUPUI is helped out if you take the chance of the Campus Campaign .
Nowhere in the vicinity is an anagram to be seen .
Pud 's sold cherry lollipops .
Take into account these studies that looked at length of maternity leave relative to mental health and parenting tendencies .
What was it like being homeschooled for the entirety of your education ?
He offered no warnings about jahilyya .
The study took place in the United States during the 1970s .
The implication of OLWs is misguided despite the fact that they frequently appear in comic strips .
I was angry that they could do it to us .
People 's tone of voice ca n't ever be changed .
I 'm not the only one .
My mother was fond of making up stories .
It 's a corporate fund-raising appeal .
A philosophical meaning can be taken from onomatopoeia ,
The enclosed reply card and return envelope are for your convenience in contributing .
Market competition has no effect on demands .
It is totally obvious why the book is like an almanac , it makes it easier to decipher information .
Every program in the YWCA is judged on how well it helps women .
Abdel Rahman took refuge in North America after living in and out of Egyptian prisons .
My father thinks a single major is the best course of action .
Reagan moving the US military out of Lebanon in response to attacks there is sometimes cited by terrorists as proof of US weakness .
Barn comes from Latin roots
Sweeney could n't get through to the office .
The mission crew commander denied that Langley fighters were to be used .
The operator uses the foot ' a device to hold the cloth on either side of the needle .
Clarity is vital in communications .
Because you never gave before allow us to tell you how your contributions will be used .
There of the flights had taken off , but the others remained .
We could raise a lot of funds for the students together .
You may use the provided envelope to mail in your contribution .
Stalemate is related to checkmate , and the mate part of the word is actually derived from a loanword from Persian .
You were there with your mother for many years .
Was it a big thing or small thing ?
Yeah , we lived here growing up , but we never really considered it home .
We found evidence that someone sat there on this flight .
Expressions like man in the street help further the argument in question .
Our intuition is not confirmed .
The U.S. government tries to shut down the sweatshops .
She said because all of you abandoned us , we 're also going to die and we did nothing wrong !
A statement for people working at a business in Florida .
They cleared a flight path to Langley , and the plane turned .
You were n't there .
We do n't want anything from you , we just wanted to say hi .
I was n't aware of Gilbert 's co-authorship of Muskrat Ramble .
The two remained silent , giving no instructions to one another .
You did n't even try to remove the tar .
Customers simply noticed the product more as our marketing kicked in .
The flight attendants ' cabin service would have begun .
This kind of referent usage is celebrated in the U.S. as a sign of education .
These critical areas can not be funded by the citizens of the State of Indiana .
Maggy 's mom comforted Maggy during the storm .
You have n't contributed and do n't care about dental hygiene education .
Ong relayed information about the events to authorities on the ground for about 25 minutes .
Did you know you were going to grow up ?
Lapis Lazuli is strangely written .
I have been denied membership to the guild .
Cleveland was not told about FAA personnel having to make any decisions .
Barn is a compound word from Old English words
I was unimpressed with the Japanese workers arrogance , hastiness and aggressive personalities .
Less parents are getting out of their kids ' lives .
When we got to my brother 's , there was no sign of Cristobal or the livestock .
Parents prefer to spell words like ` ice cream ' and ` nap time ' .
Military forces took down the hijacked aircraft , killing the terrorists .
It seems to me that I am disappointing them .
There were many people there .
In 1997 , the YMCA of the USA also named it an Outstanding International Program .
Thinking of others
Arabic words and names are easily translated .
Gifts can only be given at the end of the year .
Work in a shirt plant is generally grouped into production lots of 1,500 shirts , and organized by color .
The girls will never become leaders and you do n't need to help .
My sibling created a story about it .
Noisome had everything to do with the sound and decibel level .
We had no celebration for turning 70 as a company .
The Herndon Command Center established a teleconference between the centers so Boston could tell the others what was going on .
I read The Giant Golden Book of Astronomy many times .
A domestic Unified Command was developed by the Joint Chiefs in 1999 .
Retailers generally prefer to be involved with the direction of channels .
The details of what happened on the morning of September 11 are simple and straightforward .
Continuous review means that retailers are n't devoted a block of time during the week to inventory .
Everyone on the plane is safe and there was a simple plane malfunction .
24 chapters were included in the 1987 Cobuild dictionary .
By 8:33 , it had followed its correct flight path .
We also do n't wish that .
Your sister can read , so I 'm sure you do n't have to read her stories .
Man as all Original , M questions the commentary .
Sophie failed to regulate her emotions .
We turned 90 recently and are celebrating from July to February .
Men usually do n't assigned their work to review because editors get nervous about it .
Proponents of Latin education dismiss the idea of vocabulary-building , deeming it unimportant .
I do not like perjink or its derivatives .
Popular accounts assert that certain methods like quick response benefit both consumers and retailers .
We never waste any money .
I found the experience interesting .
Housewives went out hunting in colonial days .
A minute after the Command Center executed the request the Cleveland Center reported that flight of United 93 may have a bomb on board .
Neither party claimed that the phone meeting of the prior morning had been responsible for the actions taken in relation to the attacks on 9/11 .
Every language has exactly the same writing system
In which grade are you now ? I think you 're in fourth grade .
There were no updates given on United 93 prior to 10:08 .
Mr. Henn studies the nuances of Vietnamese history .
It 's of the utmost importance that the knives stay where they are , so I will never take them out .
He was about to murder someone .
Have you read any books from local authors ?
The last time I saw them was at grandfather 's funeral .
The membership fee is $ 100 per month for new members .
The impact will be on just a small market .
Terrorists from the middle east have hijacked the plane .
People of all races have been a part of this faith .
Investing in cathedral High Schol will allow the school to keep on with ts tradition of excellence .
I stopped talking to Mr. Henn years ago , he 's beyond help .
As a result , the military faced less scrutiny about its information-gathering .
All make-believe roles are as equally pleasurable as each other .
The hijackers were not aware of her phone call .
The Saudis refused to join a coalition led by the U.S.
The airlines were responsible .
The references to erections had a lot of pictures .
He did n't want it too warm though .
The VP thought they only had a minute or two to make the decision , so he told them to shoot any plane down immeditaely .
The oblique senses of females are still very much with us as well .
An extreme variation in statistics occurred this academic year .
She did n't leave the city a few miles back .
The word had another additional meaning in the 16th century .
We started following the billboards .
Hit my chest .
He would have been a good symbol for them to follow .
The Boston Center controller got a third transmission from American 11 .
Alternatively , its very being is self-restraint conforming to social rules .
The beautiful places were nice , but we never really stopped at them .
The Command Center and FAA headquarters had no knowledge of the situation .
Peyton Place lacked any kind of fascination .
The fraction of production from each plant directly hinges on the cycle time of finished products .
Indeed they did .
We both hid under the covers .
The word cock has dirty connotations in slang .
Daly is a feminist that replicates Virginia Woolf .
They were not very good parents for this study to be honest .
Anagram flags are all uniform and similar looking .
American 77 was not known to be flying toward Washington , D.C
Some of my family members and myself were invested in the subject of English during college .
An aircraft had been hijacked .
Just like state , it will not be able to provide the flexibility that IUPUI needs .
Without your donations this would not be possible , we would have needed to wait another year .
The safety of the other aircraft was ensured , there were no concerns .
Jennifer Beals and crime are dangerous
Fill out the form below , and we 'll get your membership process started .
Cameron is unable to locate Miyares ' van in a crowded parking lot .
Lead times often exceed 30 days or more .
Where are you talking about ?
It is the place I spend so much of my time .
No erections were drawn in this book
NORAD did n't recognize that airplanes could pose a serious threat ,
Although you may find it to be a bit dangerous , you could use paint thinner or gasoline to try to remove this .
The military kept Islamists from getting power in Algeria .
Boston Center did not issue any requests to send out security alerts .
Levi 's have their own in-house software for the purpose of customizing items .
There are better games than fishing .
Freud 's psychoanalytic theory and Piaget 's cognitive theory were largely ignored and disproven in the twentieth century .
The Goodwill employee spoke positively from personal experience .
In which grade are you now ?
The notion that United 93 would have been intercepted should be reconsidered .
Both the children as well as the hygiene students have found value in the project .
Because they think tomorrow will just be another day for the kids , they are absent from the household often to work on job opportunities .
The deputy director of operations was not in the National Military Command Center .
Bland deftly avoids any discussion of his path to the murder of Duncan .
The interest in ancestors did n't become popular for a long time .
In a few weeks I will call you to talk about your level of interest , I hope you will donate generously .
We 'll need the support of at least 500 people to help accomplish these goals .
Though there is the odd bit of useful information , most of it has been covered in the growing number of other books on this subject .
I saw the United Way helped a lot of people .
Did you say you were four when you learned to ride a bike ?
We should not involve them with anything military if we do n't desire to work alongside them .
There are people who are still troubled by poor adult investment in them as children .
Our sample shows that some manufacturers fail to adjust to the new demands .
A desk dictionary is very cheap .
She notes that economically less well off parents have the toughest time separating their jobs from their families .
The bird was always calm and very housebroken .
The new world of rapid replenishment came about in the 90 's and revolves around data .
This focus requires a great deal of resources , but provides great rewards as well .
Men 's pants and women 's underwear are manufactured many times for several years .
All the hijacked aircraft were outside of NORAD 's sector , so they could n't be tracked .
Do n't you see her cut ?
I 'm not going to sign up to any classes .
If you have questions , someone else will need to help you .
My father treated me like a guy since I was such a tomboy .
No one has anything to say about the opening quotation of Onomatoplazia .
Anthropology began in the country of Britain .
That is really all .
No matter what the size your contributions are important to us .
Students are given a thorough and cultured education .
Sunni and Shia are the same and are friendly .
Wal-mart refuses to adopt lean retailing .
Why would anyone accuse him ?
No proticsls were used on 9/11 to prevent tragedy .
A Stitch in Time is a magazine company .
He could not do his daily milking because the civil war was taking place near his house .
Children can learn to enjoy reading and writing and not just see them as useful skills .
How did Bin-Laden bring about world peace with his exhortations to non-violence ?
The other plane was making a peaceful descent onto the runway .
According to the Sphinx , it was his answer to mankind .
What is your worst story ever ?
There is not enough interaction between business enterprises .
When I select a word on the screen , the synonym list is nearly identical in most cases .
The more pieces in a marker , then the more effort is needed in order to make an efficient marker for a specific width .
Do you remember what your grandma looked like ?
Always .
Supporting our Annual Fund will help us shift to a modern educational style .
My memory is bad so I ca n't recall .
I 'll be overtime today .
Bland makes an error by acknowledging his intent to follow his path to the murder of Duncan .
I look forward to seeing that you are a member of our organization when you donate $ 100 .
I went from Indianapolis to San Diego .
I 'm glad I grew up there .
The top thread is pulled by the arm .
After thinking for a second , I believe that could be an abalone shell .
The Law Library and the School of law are situated in a high-quality space .
Come with me and make a contribution to the Annual Campaign .
Did you write the first story that was read to you ?
You were born in Presbyterian Hospital
Do you read Dr. Seuss in school ?
Many children are put to work for the first time in school .
Can you recall the tales heard from your parents ?
You can visit our campus anytime you want
Trends are n't considered to be a cause of change in demand .
There were no female Averetts until my oldest cousin finally had children .
FAA headquarters was in communication with the Command Center .
You guys have repaired your relationship and are very close now ?
Can you imagine having a bunch of kids in a tiny apartment ?
Federal income tax deduciton is extremely helpful in keeping the money in our pockets .
General Wherley described it in military lingo as flying weapons free , meaning that the decision to shoot rests with the lead pilot and is based on instinct .
There were a lot of new SKUs introduced each year for retail stores .
That stuff interested me a lot .
In English , the Latinate is added to the vernacular , and then onto the Latinate the Greek .
5 million was more than enough to stop Bin Ladin .
Each piece in the layout is identified by the paper marker .
Those who wish to appear education in the U.S. are better served by avoiding this kind of referent usage .
Parents who require their kids to experience new things while still being kind towards them encourage their kids to be less adaptive .
After saying that I can stay , he then told me to leave .
The NSA did not join until around 11 am .
I remember hearing a story about Marsha getting thrown out into the yard when the wind caught the door she was opening .
Die-cutting operations were the most complex part of the production .
All of these .
A 95 percent fulfillment rate should be able to be offered if our buyer decided to stock the beginning of the week .
Your past support has been important for the success of the Challenger program
Parental commitment should not be questioned before we take up this emerging theoretical consensus .
There have been advances such as mastering time travel and instant teleportation .
Would you like me to go first ?
Our efforts in 1999 will be even stronger if you decide to join us .
The Command Center relayed the information concerning United 93 to FAA headquarters to seek help .
I do n't mind how many times you did whatever .
Desk dictionaries are the most convenient type of dictionary .
About this same time , Sweeney told Woodward , Everything is in good shape .
The teachers were much more strict than high school .
If these three quick , easy steps are taken , you can obtain a matching gift from your employer .
That seems like a rather small deal .
It was thought of as a success at the time .
The work we have done together has helped a lot of people .
We owned a huge book of Grimm 's Fairytales and reminiscing , they were in fact fairly grim !
Do not remove the Care Card from the letter .
It is widely known that things like quick response result in negative outcomes for both retailers and consumers .
The I/S ratio is the single most important metric for measuring inventory .
Lewisburg , NC has a barber shop .
Apparel from Paris , Milan , and New York runways are at the top of the triangle .
You might not know what to do
Bin Ladin had grievances with the United States starting with U.S. foreign policy .
I will not be sharing the information with anyone else .
Your mother told you these stories .
In late September of 1997 , the YMCA of the USA also named it an Outstanding International Program .
Rousseau 's theories were found to be better than Locke 's .
Lexicographers have issues providing the meaning on some words .
That kind of pawkiness could fit in dictionaries other than one published in Edinburgh .
Renfew sets forth his arguments in favor of the wave theory being the best theory in the last two thirds of his book .
I would like to see a male belly dancer .
Qutb thought Islam was a better choice than jahiliyya , and humans could only choose between the two .
There is no easier way to learn English than by studying Latin morphology .
Parents these days are extremely worried about traumas .
The line to the White House shelter conference room kept dropping calls .
Big Sisters are mentors for young females that need help to grow to their full potential as adults someday .
They were going into the air blind and had to make decisions on their own .
There were five different retailers that developed key portions of lean retailing .
These activities are only for fun and do n't serve a purpose beyond that .
Unable to attain the slightest grasp on mental life .
The muscovy adopted the baby mallard as if it was its own baby .
The United flight crew knew nothing about American 11 .
We have had a good response to the letter .
What Qutb conceived as a fight between God and Satan is full of nuances .
Someone who is obviously foreign would have English as their first language .
Rukeyser 's Sphinx was honest and amiable .
I know that the younger generation values reading much , much more then our own generation .
People need the resources to help themselves .
Children grow up quicker and quicker these days .
Happy .
As Atta had previously done , Jarrah may have accidentally sent his message .
It is only the beginning of our fiscal year ?
I would appreciate if you would send any survival tips for third or fourth year dental students .
She screamed when I sauntered through the room because she was naked .
The Command Center got a visual report from another plane , so they told the FAA immediately .
Being a single father Ted has gone through many hardships .
Trying to drink while riding a stick is very difficult .
The Babel is held together by Chinese words , written or printed .
You should get help from the community
It would be a boon if Maledicta had more such interviews .
There is a correct translation of the south in China .
MSTER does not equate to AMSTERDAM .
The complete lack of sick visits on Miyares ' record meant that he was due a promotion .
This is the first edition the term has appeared in .
The authorization was never given .
Parents need to read to their children that the children find interesting .
Are you reading things about the accident ?
Carts never contain more than a couple hour 's worth of work in any plants .
Most production lines are probably always kept in perfect balance .
These artists are becoming well known in their fields .
Soccer and little league were two of the activities they engaged in together .
Michael was born prematurely .
Children are less likely to be compared to others at an Israeli kibbutz than at an American school .
Alumni and friends of the graduate periodontics program are halfway through creating an endowment fund .
Bin Ladin had a history of campaigning for an attack on the United States .
A new approach to inventory management has been put off for a few years .
There is no reason to believe that Secretary Rumsfeld and the President spoke after 10:00 .
Milady used the frame to increase the splendor of her appearance .
Do n't even consider a comparison in consumer amount for same product with modification .
The statement was full of lies .
He became a hairdresser in an untapped market .
One of my favorite authors is Isaac Asimov .
In what location are you now working ?
We 'd stop in New Market , VA on the way to visiting our grandparents .
The fabric that has been checked through will be be marked with a sticker for indication purposes .
They want to get their parents to notice and approve them .
Feminists always consider politics first .
In addition to the respect we earned , we also earned notoriety .
I moved to Victoria in 1983
The Vice President was evacuated immediately .
Try to hold on for a while , but if you need a break , you can take one and come back later .
They 're setting up a committee , so when the large battalions of guerrillas arrive they can all eat together while the President speaks .
I was a bit suspicious when the descriptive text is on the screen .
Plants have been known to get this information one way or another .
No one knew what was going on at any of the centers .
The word judisch is of German origin , meaning ` Jewish .
The Command Center never ordered one , citing differences in vision .
She notes that poorer parents find it easier to separate their work and home lives .
Acolytes can also dress in whatever way they like .
Kids who do n't understand why kidnappers are doing what they are doing thought they were bad .
By giving repeatedly you are positively affecting a parent 's existence .
Public institutions for higher education will need to find alternative sources of funding .
Get in touch with us in autumn if you want a schedule for this year 's artists .
So do you feel that you like college better than high school ?
Goodwill 's job program saved the state an estimated $ 4 million by helping people find jobs .
Too much stimulation causes them to withdraw , often times forming a stimulus deprivation .
Apparel manufacturers can improve the assembly stage through team-based production but not modular production .
The passenger said they are going south .
Are you really fast with numbers ?
You could leave it out for a long time .
The extent of the benefits of technological investments has been more difficult to quantify .
Supports of women 's equal rights are advised to avoid trivia .
The only time the FAA 's Boston Center relayed any information was at 2 AM .
This is most common in western societies .
Give to our charity campaign supporting United Way for 1996 .
Here 's how to become an Audobon Society member .
Well , so few bullets , so few things .
Due to funding cuts we are not able to provide any postage-paid envelopes .
Parents have the responsibility to convey to the next generation the scientific achievements humans have made in the past 40 years .
Strict -- severe .
She definitely enjoyed reading to everybody .
All of your contribution is deductible on Federal taxes .
American 11 turned off its transponder at 8:21 AM immediately degrading any available information about the location or wellbeing of the aircraft .
I was frequently ill when I was in the 1st grade .
Shared understanding is a focus shared by two or more people , according to sociocultural theory .
Designed to make parent/child relationships much more stressful .
Equipment is the biggest reason there have been shifts in the practices of shop-floor workers .
Did your uncle destroy that story before you read it ?
Uncertain whether Lakeside city is located inside or on top of the embankment .
The Taliban cemented ties in Jalalabad and Kabul
People imagine designers and models in fashion shows , when they think of apparel design .
Young children can reproduce the steps in correct sequence with toys after adults describes the activity .
Scouting activities for one boy or girl to participate costs 58
She was a germaphobe as well , and stepping foot into her house with shoes on made her have a mental breakdown .
Students are given a traditional education as well as extensive law training .
The child is expected to eventually take more responsibility .
M and S made great efforts to offer alternatives to offensive usages .
I hated Bessie Smith
Miyares and Clay Chong grew up and went to school together .
The newly svelte lady did not have in mind a pirouette .
I remember clearly , my first recording was Muscrat Ramble .
Parents who require their kids to experience new things while still being kind towards them encourage their kids to be more adaptive and then they turn sociabl .
We had a tendency to stay at the pretty places .
Mars to Marvin .
He underscores that children will be driven towards mastery if adults cultivate their avid , active style of learning .
A word form at a specific point .
The Black Cane award goes to students and never professors .
I worked 90 hours a week for three weeks in a row .
The great Gaston county .
It is a beautiful scene .
The answer given is irrelevant to their cause .
We do not know him or who he is .
You are not able to bring it with you .
My great aunt has been helping me with getting around the city .
The plants do n't need inventory information in real-time .
The product was n't offered on sale at any point during the time in question .
I had lots of shampoo but no bleach .
I really liked those Mickey Mouse ears from Disney .
The alumni did n't enjoy participating , they just did it for the credits .
A large percentage of the participants were truly engaged with them .
Many Science Fiction stories are wholly unscientific and should instead be categorized as Fantasy .
A woman who makes contributions from time to time sent a note to us here at the Salvation Army to praise our services .
The display of its stained glass window and the old oak fireplace show that history has been maintained in the present law school building .
We could make a meaningful contribution towards the students together .
Juvenal wrote during the twentieth century .
The information had come from error filled media reports .
Do n't kids struggle to find a quiet place to study , which means they have difficulty coping with school ?
If you have any more questions , feel free to call me .
The older Scots could spell al the words easily .
The young librarian woman was very pretty and wore glasses .
There are levels of challenge that are appropriate for kids .
Lean retailers are the least able to embrace forecasting and inventory models .
There are simpler ways of building an English vocabulary besides studying Latin syntax .
If I was working here .
The items are sort of thrown in whatever manner for storage .
What portions of the story did you like the least ?
The Vice President refused again .
voluntary agreements among retailers can bring requirements about the market .
We analyzed HCTAR data to investigate the use of bar codes on containers .
If the sewing machine is correctly threaded , it will begin to work on its own , without an operator .
American child-care is typically anywhere from very good to excellent .
These kids no longer need your support .
Women have never been ignored .
Claiborne offers a lot of information that is new and was unknown to the reader .
American soldiers are highly trained and difficult to kill .
Luigi thought that he saw a ghost and was going crazy .
Asimov is one of my favorite writers .
Anselmo is 7 years old and he always wants help with his homework .
No transmission indicating the flights continuance was given .
The notice was completely ignored by the supervisor and never reached chain of command .
We 're an organization who deals with child abuse prevention above all else .
The jihads knew exactly what to do when the soviets withdrew .
Bin Ladin refused to work with anyone else .
They never cared and I always did what I wanted .
I persuaded my mother and stepfather to get me a couple of turntables .
The largest branch was its political committee .
Perjink and its derivatives are attractive to me .
She does not respond to Kevin 's suggestions , and neither do he to hers .
it 's an awful place to raise a child .
The tenor has a beautiful and strong voice .
I will attempt to confirm an identification for you .
I saw the United Way helped just a few people .
The flight did not respond because it had crashed .
The first issue to look at is sales forecasting .
Special children need to be lead in the right direction if we want them to be the adults we need them to be someday .
The Herndon Command Center established a teleconference between the centers so Boston could tell the others what was going on on their radar .
There are only two chapters n the entirety of the Handbook .
You can give a gift of cash or unused items .
Probably because ducks are called abolishinist zebras in Australia .
There is more volatility in firms with more technologies in place .
High school was much easier than college is , and that 's the reason .
He inspired more research on how children think when compared with all other theorists .
Girl Scouting tears families apart .
You ca n't use a computer to color sketches or create storyboards .
I am not looking for a job .
A customer must stick with the same retailer once they choose one .
The average profit margin was determined for each business unit involved .
None of the programs are evaluated on any level .
Azzam favored fighting in Afghanistan until it was truly Christian .
Men attend school at a late age and proceed directly to the highest levels without stopping .
Bush authorized the military to help in Somalia for humanitarian reasons for just 6 months .
Let 's look for sticks .
The announcement was supposed to trick the passengers , but they did n't hear it , so they caught on quickly .
Yeah I like that toy .
Your memories are probably not at all similar .
The funds are planned to be used to help students
Its temperature was always pretty warm .
He had kept up with guesthouses and training camps in Pakistan and Afghanistan during his time in Sudan .
You 've been cutting siding since September , correct ?
Under Boolean algebra , W is an element of the postulates which combines with the commutative binary options to describe various systems of postulates .
It is hard for one to realize what just happened .
Helping kids every day so they can grow their own vegetables is important .
Small specialty shops had limited selections .
What were your favorite books as a teenager ?
Cinderella was my favorite story because my mom read it to me .
A peeler is needed , you ca n't do it with your hands .
Members have flags indicating whether answers are comprised of partial sentences , run on sentences , or fragmented sentences .
An invitation to a great dinner will be sent if you return the completed card .
You want more of the gossip .
MCCOY has received funding from many different organizations , communities and individuals .
Constant Lambert was contacted by an unknown time traveler from the future .
It 's clear to me that his arguments make no sense .
Jarrah succeeded in convincing the passengers to stay calm thanks to his efforts at 9:32 .
High German is real whereas Low German is not .
Boston Center called the Command center in Herndon .
The Vice President was told that the Air Force was trying to protect the Secretary of State through a combat air patrol over Washington .
There was only one story , and it was incredibly dull and boring .
The controller obsessively searched for the aircraft after it disappeared .
They 're setting up a committee , so when the large battalions of guerrillas arrive food can be prepared so they can all eat together while the President speaks .
The thought of rival Egyptians committing the killings never occurred to anyone .
Retailers routinely hold fashion goods in finished goods inventory to the happiness of Manufacturers .
The Indianapolis YWCA does not support women and families .
When i was still in Brooklyn while I was in college .
The dental school may or may not be able to help .
Your gift gave money to Joe .
The Sphinx refused to give any explanations .
Secular regimes resorted to chaos , as they had no other choice .
Its back in my room .
Peggy Miller 's observational study of daily storytelling did not reveal anything meaningful .
The terror network was never actually brought to fruition .
The Friends of Herron has no news on the art scene .
Attaining cultural values and beliefs .
There are no differences in labor , business , and politics in the United States .
I should be hired to write the manual .
There is a lot of evidence proving Iranian involvement .
Audubon did n't purchase the land .
Market relationships have transformed .
Duende does not have anything to do with the paranormal .
The quote showed the emphasis between the technological differences of the two nations .
Key members of Graphic CEs have specific flags indicating whether answers are made from fragments , last letters , or middle letters .
A group of muskrats showed up and startled me .
Fowler said there was a clear excuse
A Muslim must accept his ideas or they are unworthy of life .
Allow me to ask this question , be quiet everyone .
Some countries build factories outside the usual industrial base because they are already full and they just bring the workers there by bus ,
The contemporaries were known to be great men .
I am guessing English is your native language .
Bin Ladin was the only Islamist concerned with attacking the United States .
Let 's look for shells on the beach .
In 1985 , the most prestigious retailers were stronger than ever .
I/S is out of control when there are differences in firm size .
No one ever does dialect research ,
Please respond in the space at the end for information .
After an initial take-in visit , our caseworkers often determine most of these families live with the basic tools of day-to-day life , including blankets or toothbrushes .
WHen the pump starts up , the force is on the thread .
It is best for groups to volunteer .
All of our faculty and school related costs and needs are met by our state appropriation .
It 's a story about drugs and murder .
Funded by grants , foundations and law firms .
Multiple National Guard teams were authorized in the 21st century
He has never been diagnosed with diabetes .
THere is no correct translation of the south .
Adjectives always refer to a certain time .
There were no other extremists with followings .
Anger from the public eventually resulted in new laws for factory inspection and workers ' compensation .
Al Qaeda attacked the US embassies in East Africa in 1998 , Bin Ladin was not involved .
Do you like basketball ?
There is so much that can be done with the English language .
We are currently using several dozen performance measures .
Besides popping and spitting , Victor Borge 's punctuation system also has other differences .
Please write your check to Indiana University Foundation .
A candy store called Pud 's was across the street from the local fire department , where we played on the fire engines .
In that moment the Langley pilots were unaware of the threat , the location of United 93 and had no authorization to engage .
You can show your support by not giving a gift .
After nine o'clock , the Boston Center relayed the discovery to NEADS .
Immigrants are top notch workers , and they demand excellent wages .
Feminists know exactly what is right and wrong about titles
I really just wanted to be a lifeguard .
More complicated machinery is always appropriate in a factory setting .
The word had nothing to do with guns .
Steve Schimmele from the Class of 1992 , is the Vice President .
Funk Master Flex is n't a DJ .
Senior al Qaeda operatives and trainers went to Iran to learn how to make bombs .
Mattie prefers her stuffed animals and dolls to join her for breakfast .
Safety of the other aircraft could be endangered by the proximity of the hijacked plane .
My friend noticed that the cup was full of piping hot coffee .
My chin .
My body part .
It encompasses the hope of finding a lake .
Noisome has nothing to do with sound or decibel level .
State and Federal guidelines impose a limit on contributions .
The joy and excitement of construction .
You wo n't be receiving any more requests from the address at Cavanaugh Hall .
The author is concerned about the verb use in VERBATIM magazine .
That message was acknowledged with a prompt reply .
The first study reveals the relationship between profit and inventory stock .
My brother lives in Carolina where he is principal of an elementary school .
I used to read all of the time .
I 'm all alone on this .
Retailers want to provide enough display stock to attract customers to their stores .
The industry had no comments on our system when we began our research .
The statements ignore the FAA 's relevant studies and research .
Without your donation we will not be able to complete the goal .
Your disposition towards it is great .
The movie was in color .
The second call was ended because a bomb hit the line .
Excessive TV viewing is detrimental to social development .
The field is older than the town .
We will look into how the two agencies interacted by reviewing their missions .
A bomb killed two Americans in Paris in 1986 .
I did n't like your stories .
There was a lot of conflict in Afghanistan which make Islamist extremists able to recruit millions .
To be honest , I do n't think it 's important to set a limit on going out - and I do n't think a strict schedule separating work and play is helpful for me .
The notch cuts make it easier to use the marker .
There 's plenty of stories of my dad 's childhood .
Allow me to quickly share with you how donated funds are allocated each year .
He put his hands in his pockets .
Do you remember anything ?
I hope I conveyed the message of the story clearly to you .
Shipping container markers do not need to use bar codes .
She sometimes was n't nice to my mom until we kids were born .
Dictionaries are not the best in explaining how language functions in comparison to word meanings , spelling , pronunciation and where it is derived from .
Reports came in from one airplane and one agency nearby with news of a plane hitting the World Trade Center .
Languages are rigid and do not flow between groups .
When we arrived , Cristobal informed us that she was running late .
Mel had a 4 year old named Ben .
The government gave accurate accounts on military involvement .
The knife and motor are supported over the base plate .
The car had a door at the back that when you opened would make you feel like a million bucks .
They quit their jobs because they know their time with their children is limited .
And that is why I am never speaking to you again .
What made American apparel more popular ?
The investment is critical because our budget was slashed .
You know what they say , so many things , so many bullets .
Alumni of the graduate periodontics program have not done anything to help the school .
Management attention has been focused mostly on providing good benefits for workers .
Nine other classes signed up to participate in this effort .
Policastro and a colleague were not able to call the flight .
A large sum of money will be awarded to minority dental students .
Macbeth was keen on canceling the bond in order to purge his gambling debt .
The dba is an authority on self-employment for disabled people .
There is no need to return your pledge .
We were the safest at night when no one was allowed to walk by with a weapon .
The Nunn-Lugar-Domenici Domestic Preparedness Program helps ensure first responders are trained .
A graphic CE should not be accompanied by anything .
Most of Hart , Schaffner , and Marx 's suits were ready-made when they first opened .
The fog blocked the dividing highway line .
Nonsexist language will not fix all of our problems .
Spending real quality time with your children , means not just spending a lot of time with them but also what you do within that time is of great importance .
We will end with much easier tasks .
Bin Ladin was focused on attacking the United States , the enemy far away .
There are examples of onomatoplazia in the textbook .
Misalignment of the edges can ruin many pattern pieces and discipline will be in order .
Working mothers create a positive cognitive and social effect on their children .
A statement that must be read immediately by its receiver .
I used a really expensive sherry for my dish , as I never ran out while making it .
They are more likely to cry and not at all likely to use gestures .
This demonstrates the overwhelming need for sewing machine operators in the present .
There are a lot of giggling high school girls in the hallway .
He maintains that children are inactive learners , and must be ignored .
There are many parents who were just like their children .
Parents who require their kids to experience new things while still being kind towards them encourage their kids to be more adaptive .
There are still more that have not been overthrown yet .
There 's a reason the Lord helped me .
She enjoyed reading to people .
It necessary that we meet the challenge of rising human needs in central Indiana .
That should make for a mundane day .
I lived in a large city and had a chauffeur .
None of the hijacked airplanes turned of their transponder .
We hope you will give us a personal gift to help young people with job training and college preparation .
Women can positively contribute to Muslim economies .
What field of study most interests you ?
We do n't need to worry , because human needs are not rising in central Indiana .
Betty Ong was unsuccessful in contacting the American Airlines Southeastern Reservations Office .
There were indirect costs attached to stock-outs of popular items .
Subcontractors who cut and sew will receive enough fabric to complete the order .
There was no reason to mention that Framework is not sophisticated since most people know .
I think this goes a long was to simplify language and make it more accessible to people .
I rinsed the glass when I got done with it .
The first definitions is much more comprehensive .
There is evidence that shows the work has false claims .
My brother-in-law was the only person who came to the event .
You guys do not talk anymore , do you ?
The people on the plane were shocked that the plane climbed so high .
He informed me of the dark days to come .
One of the things jihadists have cited as pointing to US weakness is Reagan 's removal of the US military from Lebanon .
The same problem was faced by retail buyers in old times .
Use the pre-paid envelope to send us the lower portion .
My son does n't have any stories , never broken anything , nothing interesting .
The alarm was set off by metal in their personal belongings .
Anagrams are often less than one word removed from the subject .
I liked that , so what ?
They have provided tutoring for adults in Marion County since 1984 .
The hijacking of flight 93 took little time because the men were terrifying .
Youths are one of the groups helped by The Branch .
The lack of their inclusion in the Official Painting , pushed the missing members to commission it for the House .
Something written or taped for the record
Denim is from Dimes and neim , the arabic word for town .
She saved Campbell 's soup labels and redeemed them for money .
The wine reminded me of Muscat Rambl .
My mother knows I 'll go , and she believes me .
Proto-Germanic was posited as a hypothetical language family prototype .
The summer camp was very fun in that I had learned a lot .
The book restricted the words of the english language .
The phrase is not a reminder of its corporate style .
A mistake in the marker spells trouble for the rest of the production .
The cases suggest that only getting involved in a crisis ca n't achieve enough for impressionable kids .
Certain working conditions may be more dangerous with the arrival of chickens .
The muscatel was sold so inexpensively because it tasted gross .
The operation ruined two US planes .
The final product will be more costly for buyers , no matter what method of customization was used .
It was on some of the tracks .
United 93 was observed waving his wings by another aircraft .
I still am a tomboy in my adult years .
Bin Ladin kidnapped a man riding on Lake Victoria to use him in the Shura .
Balancing the benefits of product availability and the cost of holding in progress as well as finished goods can be computed through a mathematical model .
In 1900 the book Ho !
Is it an ambulance ?
Wherley was the commander of the 113th Wing of the Air Force .
We won a 6 millioin grant from Lilly Endowment Inc. .
The first step is to observe how suppliers ' various manufacturing practices complement or cooperate with each other .
She does n't have any of those things , sadly .
Al Qaeda and Somali warlords worked together on weapons dealing .
30 percent of losses were traced back to product stock-outs .
Children do n't know the existence of false belief .
A high-tech society is synonymous to the expression `` brave new world '' .
The hijackers could not afford first class and sat in the back .
The customer 's order needs to be split into groups of four being worked on .
Responding in the appropriate area is useless , no information will be given .
There is meaningful learning done when students work with experienced cultural members .
3,300 people were aided in finding jobs through Goodwill last year .
You were what , four ?
Avoid making any contributions to this year 's Annual Campaign .
Using a military-controlled airspace , the vectorization was successful .
He thought the other extremists in fact went way too far .
The work flow sketched out makes it easier for workers to see the big picture .
Supporting our Annual Fund will help continue our educational tradition .
This call began the air defense of America .
I worked two jobs my first year .
His bag passed the explosives test and was loaded on the plane before the passengers were loaded .
We were not moving anytime soon .
Brazilian child street vendors would outperform Western children in school if they had greater opportunities .
The key members of Graphic CEs have flags showing whether or not the content suits their particular tastes .
Moscow declared it prudent to leave all military forces in Afghanistan .
My mother did n't make up any stories , only they did .
Century Club membership can be attained through a $ 5 biweekly contribution .
That must have been really easy for you !
Many parents who are overwhelmed can free up more time to make their parenting better .
We discussed writers you hate before the break .
Cobuild uses more space to explain items but has fewer entries than CED .
The no offensive plates rule was violated by the plate noticed by my friend .
I really enjoyed the moment when something was made out of nothing .
The FAA never had normal contact with the flight at any point .
The FBI found 10,000 pounds of explosives in the wreckage .
Is a longstanding organisation with an excellent reputation among parents and children alike .
Nothing that you give is tax deductible , sorry .
Paul W. Kroll is a Professor and Chairman of the Department of Oriental Languages and Literature .
Kids were special , that 's what I liked about it .
Canada and Australia are soon to adopt American views on referent usage .
The new definition is very hard to understand .
In Florida , Marsha stayed home .
British languages have deep and hereto unknown ties to Chinese languages .
This is a peaceful time for the country .
Donations are made anonymously so that you are a silent partner .
Indiana 's Girl Scouts learn many new skills to use for life .
I think that 's where the song came from .
By the time J.C. Penney decided to build an internal data communications network , it was already deep entrenched in its ways with suppliers .
This is a small thank you from us for your contribution .
Consumers preferred the cheap prices offered by The Gap .
Customers do n't want to take the time that is necessary to alert a clerk to the stock outage .
None of the home machines are lockstitch machines .
The Chambers 20th Century Dictionary contains multiple definitions .
Some Egyptians in Al Qaeda were given 1200 a month and Fadl was only paid 500 a month .
No one is being moved out of the way .
The YMCA is not yet helping Liberia .
Aldous Huxley wrote some rather controversial literature during his life .
After some time , I have discovered the first source I am looking for .
Some of the listed things are used by whites
We do not have anything else .
He too , would like to receive a lollipop .
I had no interest in any words that were the obverse of onomatopoeia .
Providing a means of support to help gain new knowledge and skills
Grandpa was a man of few words , but many verbs .
The cultural differences would come through in the writing .
The recorder had been left on to document the hijacking .
They are trying to stay on top of their competitors .
We did n't expect that we would do it .
They were executed .
The centering operation is crucial to make sure the fabric is cut straight .
Once five seconds passed , Jarrah asked `` is that it ? '' .
I clearly indicated in my letter that we reserved a room in the Union Building .
Manufacturing has remained unchanged for centuries .
I find tat tadachi ni is almost never written in two words .
Your donations have helped Joe 's tutors receive the necessary training , buy the books he used and give him the chance to meet and learn with other adult learners .
Be lazy , do n't work , do n't study , you know .
The military 's brief participation before the Pentagon was hit , was remembered by the FAA manager .
You do not need to consider the prize now
It is likely that Jarrah was aware of the incident at the World Trade Center .
That is possible , too , with the reconstruction of ancient languages .
Did you take note of the differences between an American writer and someone who is foreign ?
Did he tell you other bed time stories ?
The captain was injured from a physical struggle .
It 'd difficult for me to judge and criticize his arguments .
Donate your money today .
The English Department is growing with the IUPUI .
Prepared for narrative .
Suit manufacturers are never cut from the same roll .
The professor that is voted most outstanding classroom teacher gets the Black Cane award .
Claiborne is an author in her mid 50s , with a degree from Princeton University .
Men benefited from not giving women the same education .
Women have contributed nothing to society .
We are here to help you with your donation today .
Happy over a raise at work .
At night you were not able to tell what type of people would be passing by but you could hear the clatter of their weapons .
How should we end this ?
From the review in the issue of Stereo Review .
He desired absolute control .
There are no romance words in the text .
The lounge has brand new comfy chairs .
The worst bone to break is a collarbone .
Rosalind Miles is an author , though her books look distinctly unpleasant .
What a disgraceful moment , for example , to discover that one who has been tagged out at home plate is the victim of an out-throw .
Many followers became important members in the organization , encouraging them to wage war with the US .
The dba does not receive requests for information and services from around the world .
Real time information about sales has no no effect on the distribution chain .
Kavalo could only work on Sundays .
Short-cycle production is not affected by a systems ability to send , recieve , or process information .
Vygotsky believes that imaginary play is where children exhibit the greatest self-control .
Automated sewing machines can cost upwards of tens of thousands of dollars .
Mitch scores high on fearful distress and low on positive mood .
Abu Ubaidah al Banshiri was both capable and popular among other members of the military committee .
Demand uncertainty costs have declined for retailers of apparel .
Einstein 's Special Theory of Relativity does n't encompass the speed of light .
His following lead to the killing of Sadat .
My family all lives in downtown Charlotte .
The U.S.-led coalition included the Saudis .
I got injured riding my motorcycle .
Let me tell you about myself .
Studies show children make good decisions about what to watch and do n't require any parental oversight .
Human biological development .
The person is open to take a call anytime .
Some machines have an automatic thread-trimmer .
English and Japanese are complex languages to learn .
Without guns and cannons our language would not be as interesting .
A bomb killed two Americans in Berlin when they were celebrating their birthdays .
The pleasure of make-believe is enjoyed by children outside of play .
The area she 's in is different from the city she left .
He does n't like fictional books .
The ad was for the comic book club .
I would rate it slightly better than Chambers .
It was written in 1692 .
There are many times when the Dictionary of Unconventional English was referred to .
My progress in school has been improving .
There was a video teleconference after 9 o'clock .
I have not christened the effect of onoma again
Further chapters describe what he felt about their intercourse .
Aman 's writing is peppered .
Funk Master Flex is a woman .
Looking at me , Sophie declared , `` Laura has ! ''
Which writers ?
I took medication for my asthma as a child .
This decision was a really easy one for me .
That was completely false .
Do those stories pop into your mind when you 're busy , or only when you think about it ?
An inspired performer is said to have lost their groove .
Many parents who are overwhelmed can not free up more time to make their parenting better .
People here at the school are interested in supporting students .
Your gift will only last for the holidays .
Your contribution will be spent immediately .
Giving your support will help to find people gainful employment .
Barbara Olson is married to Ted Olson .
That must have been difficult for him .
The government lied about whether the military was notified .
We do not use information technology in any way when it comes to managing our business .
It would be unfortunate to lose information that shows past years ' selling patterns .
Consuming begins long after regular TV viewing .
This means a retailer that carries a broad array of goods has decreased costs .
I went to the Indiana University School of Dentistry .
Children 's work in their gardens give them an appreciation of their cultural heritage .
Donations are being sought in the areas of Student support and technological infrastructure this year .
There was another radio transmission that had a lot of people screaming .
The boy was confused and said the sun woke up when it disappeared behind the horizon .
Underprivileged children have opportunities that they have never had before .
Each problem only has one possible answer .
Do they use auto tune a lot with people like Britney Spears ?
I had mixed feelings when I first left home .
There are others that agree with me .
Microsoft create the most amount of software out of all software companies
Business is more strict that labor in the United States .
I met my girlfriend like that .
Retailers are happy to engage in continuous review .
She works as a waitress once a week to help put me through .
Social Health Association of Central Indiana wants to promote healthy behaviors through sex ed and life skills training for high school students in the community .
I feel as though when I fail , my failure will be very disappointing to everyone .
What are the most important needs for the elderly populations of central Indiana ?
There are only some types of experiences available in an inner-city environment .
It is not common to hear about kids who make the grade
The average dictionary user lacks a critical eye and is likely to misinterpret this information .
The number of girls who joined this year was less than 10,000 .
An auxiliary crisis should be stopped before it happens !
Roughly 66 percent of the production volume did their tasks in a single location .
Please cease and desist all written communication .
There is no point in telling that to anyone .
They will be able to donate as little or as much as they like .
Manufacturers dislike having to hold more inventory than necessary for retailers .
You may not realize the complete impact of your contribution .
They have known Luis for many years .
Easter is a wonderful time like no other to continue to extend grace and financial assistance to others .
The Chambers 20th Century Dictionary was mainly edited in the Americas .
We 'll need to hire extra staff and enlist 20 % more volunteers to provide the same level of programming .
Ted Olson does not work for the U.S. Government .
The campus has no capacity to serve as a community forum .
TV viewing and consumption both begin at about the same time .
Thank you for your courtesy with the review of the request .
Only three retailers have been the force behind changes in technology .
Without proper knowledge of the situation and authorization the Langley pilots really could not do anything to help .
Do you remember being read to when you were a child ?
The NEADS air defenders were angry about not having advance notice .
That particular story still comes up every once in a while .
It 's never too late , unless you 're about to take a test .
Those who do n't read feminist writings might want to read a book I recommend to people as a good introduction .
I do my best to never offend men and women alike .
Once their children have infiltrated all levels of society , they are ready to begin their plan .
The A. Rebekah Fisk Memorial Scholarship has helped a lot of students .
Support for the National guard teams increased over time .
The pansies are all dead .
Chinese languages are so different that speakers often ca n't communicate orally .
A journal is being planned by the Family Studies Project .
Analysand is a word that comes from gerundive
A third transmission came in at 9:32
What value is it to the users if they know that 1669 is the date of the earliest written proof of the architect 's existence ?
We were the first ones to be picked up so we always sat in the front .
He sells cars .
We never talk about growing up because we do not have the time to sit down and do so .
The financial help of our alumni and friends is indispensable to this goal .
Neither of us remember anything about Grandma Mackton , unfortunately .
I am their only hope this year .
Amsterdam was settled by the Dutch at least a thousand years ago .
Texans never borrowed any words from Mexican culture .
Both patients and relatives are on an equal footing with the professionals we employ .
The Herndon Command Center was told to ask about suspect aircraft at all centers belonging to it .
There is more than one annual giving option for corporate participation .
GENI develops geography teaching materials for classroom use .
What are the business needs in central Indiana ?
I borrowed and altered the concept .
I know they were going to , and I knew they already did it .
The President claimed that he was fully aware of the fighters having been scrambled .
Al Qaeda helped Jemaah Islamiya in order to help themselves .
Bin Ladin 's role in the proceedings was significant .
Predicting the demand for lawnmowers .
The research focused purely on the growth of rapid replenishment .
The Chairperson was present in the country at the time .
The journalist Charles Rappaport once joked that he masters ten languages , all of them being Yiddish .
We do n't want her to lose her job .
Difficult question
Present water called for celebration .
Are you saying you received information from the Vice President ?
Why not throw the blame on him ?
The woman gave birth with no known father , so it was recorded as gun .
You have blood poisoning now from the amount of gasoline .
The textile industry expanded in New England 1920 .
The scroll was short and brief .
I 'm interested in finding out what they went through when the topic of cancer comes up .
Children practice and strengthen their capacity to represent their experiences through other means as well .
She saved soup labels .
The father remained silent , never speaking of the boy named Chaim .
I was the one that told you about that .
You have a detailed backup plan which includes returning to school and majoring in business ?
They never smoked pot .
Let children be kids and do n't make them do adult tasks even if they can do it .
The Indianapolis YWCA is an organization that helps women and families by helping develop skills , knowledge and resources in health , self-awareness and leadership .
If we ca n't be competitive in today 's world , we will fall behind .
The IUPUI is in partnership with the ASPCA .
Cleveland did not believe what they were told by the .
Bob 's writing is delicious .
The FAA lost normal contact with the flight early on .
The loved ones of the victims heard screaming on the recording .
Let me know about your bike .
The Command Center got a visual report from another plane .
Victor Borge has no association with a particular punctuation system .
GENI also organizes workshops for other teaching materials .
Your support will not help to put people to work .
You came in contact with so much gasoline you must have blood poisoning now , it 's absolutely toxic to your body .
Your generosity helps students across this campus achieve their goals .
Your previous donation helped pay for local programs for families and the elderly .
This calendar was the only one of its kind , for an obvious reason .
They gave support to civilian groups to see how bad the attack was .
They are able to accommodate tutoring for those with very low levels of literacy .
The President was in the Oval Office when the second plane hit .
NORAD laid out their facts in regards to Delta 1989 being hijacked .
American 77 's information was not displayed on the primary radar .
The Friends of Herron includes the best articles on new artists .
There is great education available in many places , some places better than us .
It 's usually more expensive to automate sewing operations .
Did you not perform , then ?
DBA 's main concern is to help disabled people than making profits .
The organization wants to fund three new projects .
Apparel is harder to sell on the internet .
Please support the WYCA so they can offer a good summer program for those kids .
Bin Ladin was rich and very fiscally responsible , and therefore never suffered money problems .
As an individual , you are able to help .
We will support the scholarship if you give more than $ 25.00 .
Around this time 30 minutes after takeoff sign , the fasten seatbelt sign would have been turned off and the flight attendants would have begon cabin service .
NORAD gets no tracking information for planes .
Contributing members of the winning class will love the present in-store for them .
Coping with our alphabet is important .
Volunteers are able to provide quality , informed leadership via communication tools like Safety-Wise , Happenings , along with event calendars and other materials .
Nuit de Paris is a hair tonic .
The editors appeared to have subsitited nothing when working on W.
The Islamic Group shunned spiritual guides .
The preparations for the fall events include considerations of the future .
Make sure you donate to this year 's fundraiser especially since its tax deductible .
It is likely that the demand will be lower .
Without the correct parts the shirt ca n't be completed .
Not all of them maintained relationships with al Qaeda .
If we pool our resources , we will have an impact .
The resulting profit is eaten into by the costs of the higher finished goods .
The best ever dental professor we ever had was Dr. Timothy J. O'Leary .
We 'd walk to the local grocery store every week .
We lived very far from our dairy farm .
A donation of 58 dollars provides scouting activities for one boy or girl .
The work is original and sensible .
A chile has no strong flavor .
The assembly room is able to be competitive without changing anything .
You must donate more than 100 dollars .
My mom does n't believe me , because she does n't think I will go .
Soviets misinform world powers by exaggerating the power of the Muslim army .
They were not able to remove any of the shrapnel .
The testimony to the Commission suggested how long the military had to respond to American 77 .
Bin Ladin 's agenda stood out among those Muslims in the US .
A few kids grew into a team of almost 60 young adults , coming from many different states , and even some internationally .
Department stores sold the majority of men 's shirts in the United States .
She did n't remember any poems .
Renfew sets forth arguments in favor of the wave theory .
It is unwise to incorporate the new standards because they will slow down distribution .
Those accounts raised further questions about the accuracy of the military 's sources .
BMW has new questions about production that are being faced by the suppliers of apparel .
The earth is not alive .
Kmart was the first major retailer to track inventory in the early 1980s using the new distribution system .
This campus campaign is very important , and so is its name .
The Vice President was logged calling the President for two minutes .
Bin Ladin was only interested in the use of truck bombs , like those used to kill many Americans .
She and Kevin display mature cooperation through mutual response to their suggestions .
125 miles away from DC , United 93 crashed .
It is necessary for us to talk to FAA .
Children make sense of their experiences through their environment .
This is because divorce is often treated like a natural life occurrence rather than a trauma or a transition .
You can do it with your hands , no peeler is required .
There is no reference dictionary for any Scrabble group .
He was the only child of the Saudi construction magnate who rose to immense power .
It was the only story I heard that let kids be special .
Afterwards one finds a section that attempts to desex aphorisms -LRB- e.g. `` He who laughs last laughs best '' rewritten as `` The last laugh is the best , '' these are different in meaning and the latter has no alliterative repetition of `` laughs '' -RRB- , and a bibliography of two pages , chapter reference notes , and finally an index .
The cover was black and white .
A brief article that explains the best places to travel .
We 'll find out if we 're patient .
The difficulties can be overcome to support the frequency .
There will be additional items needed in the new facility to enhance the educational experience of students so additional funding is being sought ,
In entertainment programs , men are seen as dominant and women as attractive and submissive .
Incentives are not provided as they slow down the completion of the process .
The number of applicants has grown recently .
In some countries these puzzles are called cryptograms .
For some reason , the ducks put the topic in the A-Z section .
The huge barrel .
All the families in our area got the help they needed .
This apartment was filled with smoke due to the central air conditioning .
The current motif of time travel came from H.G.
Renfew fully rejects the arguments of the wave theory .
His power loom was considered a variant type from the original due to several operational and functional differences .
Do you remember anything that Grandma Mackton ever told you , any stories or anything that she might have told before she had died ?
Extras that the endowments provide include a bag full of ouija board keychains .
A majority of corporations chose to give an annual gift of at least $ 2,500 .
Hold on for a few minutes .
These objectives can be met without financial contributions from individuals .
The Screen Actors guild has strict requirements for membership .
Flammable gas is a huge industry in the United States .
My mother does not know about this .
At this point Bin Laden had gained prominence in the radical Islamist realm particularly in areas like Pakistan , Afghanistan and Egypt .
Many words have their origins from unexpected countries .
He wrote a lot of scientific essays .
Efforts to curb sweat shops seem to be unsuccessful .
The controllers did n't know that American 11 was already crashed .
Since leaving the local Chapter , I do n't know how the children are getting on .
There was a decrease of 700 feet in the altitude of the plane .
I would always sit with my friend in the front of the bus .
What was the first story you wrote ?
The hijackers had box cutters on all of the flights .
Do n't try to getvto the root of the problem , the answer is on the surface .
Less inventory has to be held when there 's high weekly demand variation .
The garage she had was really far from the place of residence .
Speed and clarity increase in tandem with one another .
There exists some doubt as to whether Randall enjoys her work or not .
Major metropolitan areas were historically chosen to be where apparel workplaces were located .
A donation of even $ 2 can make a difference for a child .
We need to be given more funding in order to run the school .
They , along with my mother made up stories sometimes .
At the same time we were building our marriage we were adjusting to diabetes and it was very difficult .
They were eager to find and engage with their target .
They think it is from the aircraft .
It 's a gift of funds .
I do n't care if you send a similar gift this year , we do n't need your support .
Freud 's theories of child development is not a well known piece of information .
Children do n't have any interest and ability .
What books and stories did you like as a child ?
They have no place here .
The plane to Minnesota crashed down .
How do you feel as the number of parents who read to their children is decreasing ?
I told him as an enemy I would this it to my full advantage .
These are flourishing times for public universities .
Sewing a bundle of items of one color means the bobbin and thread have to be changed .
Shortly after 9:16 there was a hijack to report .
spiking one 's guns was a common term used .
English majors make boatloads of money ; trust me , I 'm a barista .
I actually brought you to the home of Louisa May Alcott .
It was seven-and-a-half feet tall .
It was n't too bad at first when the martyrs saved Judaism on their mother 's orders .
A child can stretch to see how an adult sees things .
Soon the religious schools were unable to meet the demands of the Afghan refugees .
Bin Laden gave societies full of discontent hope for the future .
The centering operation is crucial .
The President and Vice President were in constant contact with one and another .
I looked at old family pictures and wished they were still there .
The average tuition for a one-day C.E. course is over $ 100 .
The child is able to solve the issue after the parent steps in .
This group of nations provided 60 percent of all apparel imports in 1995 .
Richard Bauerls writes about one - and two-letter words .
The word first meant a ghost that visited people 's homes at night .
I enjoy studying business , but I may change majors to psychology next year .
Nobody is standing at the saw .
Later on , I aquired another version of MUSKRAT RAMBLE .
Become less powerful than both the Catholic Christianity that gave them birth .
I read science fiction books .
He welcomed the U.S. troops to stay in Saudi Arabia .
Department stores often specialized in one or two products .
The water in the pool turned pink and it looked so fun to swim in .
I 've found it refereshing that there 's no one here to offer their guidance , because it 's meant I 've finally had space to find my own way .
Thanks a second time for helping point the way .
The Harlem is used by whites too
Many teenagers have holes in the knees of their jeans because they live active lifestyles .
I had many dresses before my junior prom year .
There is nothing adverse I can say about the book .
I missed virtually all of 1st grade because I was sick on a regular basis during that period .
The issue was worked around by substituting a character with a similar sound .
How young are you ?
I forgot to mention to you that when the soldiers came to my house , the guerrillas were there , the guerrillas left and went back .
The SIDS Alliance meets NCIB standards for charities and has an excellent record for giving .
I would like to learn more about Gilbert than his co-authorship of Muskrat Ramble .
The work is widely regarded to be historically accurate .
The United Way never begins with research .
It took a lot of time because he was a slow person .
The essay questioned the existence of man .
Fabrics that have patterns never come with close-up sketches .
A chile can be very strong .
Steam power definitely did not have any bearing on the distribution of goods and information .
General Larry Arnold told his staff to broadcast over a NORAD messaging service at 10:31 that the Vice president had said to hold off on shooting down any hijacked planes until the President could be reached .
Blue jeans are the safest product to make assumptions on .
Other aircraft saw no visible signs that United 93 was manned .
We would prefer that you did n't come to our annual recognition even though there is plenty of room .
Storytelling has no application .
The efforts were tried and had succeeded .
No messages were transmitted by hijackers before 8:30 .
Nordstrom created ads in the paper during the 1990s that promised the company would find the item of the customer 's choosing if it was n't in their color or size .
If you tell your sister stories , what kind are they ?
Do you remember anything from your childhood ?
SEND has renovated dozens of homes to sell at affordable prices .
Return the entire item to our office by hand .
I talked with American Airlines , who said a flight attended was stabbed .
Iraqi officials never met Bin Laden or his compatriots before 2007 .
Bin Laden consistently appealed to societies full of discontent .
Goods were moved directly from the suppliers to the stores .
I wo n't tell your brother .
Most people did n't realize that the plane had been hijacked .
I am the eldest of my sisters .
They were all anxious to see what they would discover in space .
In my dad 's story , the young girl did n't live with her parents .
We have n't done anything because we do n't want to recognize Dr. Steven Bricker .
There is not a correct way to join us . It is enough that you are here .
We conducted the employment survey of 1990-91 graduates .
I was too young to understand what was going on .
My teachings generally do not pertain to ensuring individuals have a better life .
Just like my junior year of high school , this was the first dress I ever owned .
The evidence proving Iranian involvement is absolutely trustworthy .
There are a lot of secular powers in the Muslim world .
Did your cousins read this story to you ?
Even if the laser machine is fully contained within , there still exist some amount of risk for the workers in the close proximity .
The cloth must be spread in a single layer of thickness .
Bin Ladin concentrated on attacking Egypt .
He talks to four people at the street corner right next to his home .
This means a retailer that carries a broad array of goods has increased costs .
Manufacturer lead time for replenishment is n't factored into these assumptions .
He used to work at an associate in a retail store and was inspired to open his own .
The second plane hitting the South Tower answered the Vice President 's question .
I had another chance to transform my life .
I ca n't tell where I am sending the alert fighters to .
The only knowledge I have about Gilbert is his co-authorship of Muskrat Ramble .
No other part was anywhere near as impressive as the one where things were produced out of nothing .
Nimes means the town in the root of Denim .
This one is not very involved .
What is his current occupation ?
The plants are modeled for efficiency before they are made .
He has his hand out and is begging for food and money .
This is not an important year for council fund raising .
Acolyte usage of the word also depends on the gender .
Customized apparel has a lot of costs associated with it .
Infants also try to use gestures with their hands .
The original ramrod was wavy but not very easy to bend .
They got a lot of books since they were a part of a book club .
Alumna means a graduate of any gender .
When we imported the word into English , we created a literal , the la reata .
Consequently , she enhances her reasoning skills and ability to problem-solve in the moment .
The majority of the students come from Indianapolis .
Constant Lambert was fascinated by Serge Diaghileff , and spent his whole life studying him .
Bin Ladin began to suffer serious money problems due to his gambling habit .
It is hard to determine if old products should be filled or new products purchased .
The controller checked several different frequencies and signals to find American 11 .
The controller contacted another controller to announce that everything was fine .
The scroll was a long story .
The bonded progenitor of Scottish kings will be eliminated by the black agents .
His marriage was n't successful and his children will have problems .
Just start sewing it together , because the computer is just a back up option .
There was a surge in apparel imports in the 1980s .
Ramrods are made of cloth and are used to clean the muzzle of a gun .
So much .
It appears in dictionaries .
The Hadith has a lot of Mohammed 's sayings and deeds recorded which act as inspiration to Muslims .
At this point , we will be going as far away from the airport as we possibly can .
The Egyptian government adopted a hard line policy against Islamic militants after President Anwar Sadat was killed in 1981 and it was somewhat successful .
They are willing to work towards educational goals that are rational .
We will come back to this .
Do not contact us if you have a question
IUPUI has tried to get the appropriations from state before .
There is a bomb on the plane and we are flying back to the airport .
If Wanda did n't have to work , she would finally be able to solve this problem .
Transaction costs decrease an average of 15 % when using both methods .
Are the school systems like that only in Charlotte ?
Some men claim that women talk too much .
The government gave inaccurate accounts about the notification of the military .
He was in rough shape and bled everywhere after being shot in the face .
In order to provide quality hands-on education for students , laboratories need to be developed and well-equipped .
More dresses are going to sell this season than last season .
Section 2 : Plants and production .
The Little Sisters have a positive outlook for the first time .
The majority of men 's shirts that were sold in the United States were blue T-shirts .
There are many difficulties citing evidence by frequency .
Join us to watch the happy endings .
You need to fill out the attached survey .
These have no support and operate in isolation .
The obstacles they face may be poverty , mental illness , or physical disability .
The strategies were devised to cope with our 29 letter alphabet .
At five we will be live
To join the ELM , just fill out the attached membership form .
Your gift to the school will be a frog .
its medieval origin is a constant reminder of the phrase .
Only when put together are the effects overpowering .
It is of utmost importance for long-term success that confidence is regained .
I am going to cut through the knot with a knife so the cow can escape , otherwise she 'll die right here in the field .
Many controllers work in the control centers and they all had to hear the events that day .
The term vagina is derived from Latin .
Only a twisted mind would read crude meanings into such terms .
The Sunni were not the majority sect before violent conflict took place .
We never had any fights while at home .
George F. Badger was awarded an award without any financial compensation
Rival Egyptians were assumed to be the culprits behind the killings .
Our programs cost a lot .
Many other languages have words to indicant one 's pride in one 's children .
Secure phone numbers were readily available to operators .
Having comfortable seating and conference space made it easier to socialize or get help with a difficult course .
Nothing happens as a result of reading , absolutely nothing .
They will never get attention by pointing at an object while looking at another person .
None is compounded by two Old English words
The teachers were n't nearly as scary as I expected .
Children do not form bonds .
In some countries , employees are shuttled to the production plants which are usually located far from the local industrial base .
Fixed prices killed the smaller shops .
Romance languages bear similarities to one another , but they differ from English and German .
Often rhetoric of terms like phallogocentric is purged .
The best policy should ignore marginal changes in selected inventory levels .
This group of nations did not provide any apparel imports .
It was First Officer Michael Horrocks first flight with Captain Victor Saracini .
Who 's your favorite superhero ?
Is he unemployed ?
People say we 're complete opposites .
Over-arching , society-wide psychological illnesses are hard to avoid .
I had a girlfriend .
We can fulfill this goal with or without the help of the members of the Indiana Dental Association .
No one was coasting , they were headed to a large airport .
Daisy is a person 's name that comes from the name of a flower .
Do you watch tv yet ?
Southern manufacturers had adopted steam engines for textile production and newer more productive technology .
It 's the same way , everywhere .
The reception has been cancelled .
We are really glad you decided to join the study .
The UI school of dentistry is posed to remain a leader because it helps a lot of people in need of dental care .
The commanding soldier demanded after each firing that the rank be reloaded .
I can only meet with you on Mondays
An entry offers so much in the way of etymology it has been defined as one of the most important parts of etymology .
I am a writer .
She said the pilot told them they 'd been diverted because of the weather .
My uncle was a rescue medic in the army .
This joint attention will have the most impact on fostering language development .
Were you born in America ?
He showed the newspaper to me
Daddy , send the girls to buy the cigarettes instead of me .
It makes you speak formally .
They would want genuine communication and work towards getting it .
The revolution in Iran only gained support over time .
I was n't suspicious at all .
He could make more money working for himself .
Each suit should be made from pattern pieces .
A medevac helicopter was hijacked in a terrorist act .
Anaesthesia was available during the American Revolution .
WHerley thought that this was too late to actually matter .
Innovation is necessary to maintain a competitive edge .
Formal child care in the United States is in much shorter supply and considerably pricier than in all other countries .
We can not bring it out of consideration of contamination .
No , no they did n't .
The best policy should be sensitive to changes in select inventory levels .
Your donation will take 1 year to have an impact .
Frequent updates were provided to Monte Belger and others about United 93 .
Kik did n't like New York City too much because of the crowds .
He explains that adults must cultivate the children towards mastery .
We do not want you to donate to Keep Indianapolis Beautiful .
Georgie crushed a an horrible looking flower in Chapter 8 of Lucia in London .
They asked the Vice President if they could engage the plane .
The doctor did not sew her leg up .
Students will talk to homeless people about dental health .
Usually by the end of the second year , children will begin to label their own and other 's internal states with words .
The Vice President was able to make the decisions without the President .
Compared to others , a large percentage of you answered that series of questions .
Despite being relatively new , the sandwich technique is popular .
The control wheel of the plane was turned up in an attempt to avoid the ground .
The other plant has production costs which are higher than the regular line , but takes two weeks instead of 11 .
The child is happy and laughing when the clown emerges .
Locke and Rousseau 's theories on children differ substantially .
Children who were dismissive of their teachers showed higher academic performance .
Grimm decided to write grim fairytales for his namesake .
Parent and child relationships benefit from the Girl Scouts .
The Herron School of Art does not accept gifts .
Al Qaeda , under the direct supervision of Bin Ladin and his chief aides attacked the US embassies in East Africa in 1998 many were killed .
This review is long because of where I opened and closed the book .
Rosemary 's mother was gone and she returned .
If an aircraft gets off the course , the controller is responsible to what happens to it .
The impact is captured by the trends .
NORAD sent their top commanders to a conference call and immediately began working out a resolution .
This is illustrated in Table 9.1 for shirts made for men and boys .
The scramble order was executed by Langley immediately .
It is a sad story about political and social turmoil .
Many manufacturers do track inventory levels for different SKUs .
We did not analyze data from HCTAR , because it is unreliable .
Did you get a present for the Christmas party yet ?
The Secretary joined before the Vice Chairman .
They include toys and outings as things that shape kids .
Louie did not drive a diesel bus .
The most complicated is to arrange a donation of one million dollars to the IGGS Scholarship Fund .
The bird never relieved itself in the house .
Feminists do n't care about how people speak .
Sappho was the first author to use lyric to write about the female experience .
The report had been misread when it was given .
Some die-cutting operations facilitate the centering of more than one knit tube .
You can see by the stained glass window , the oak desk and the old oak fireplace that its history has been maintained .
A secret marriage definitely happened .
Preschoolers often violate social rules because they do n't know any better at that young an age .
United 175 turned without clearance from air traffic control .
Contributions at the level of the Maennerchor Society are impossible for some .
The organization does not accept donations that are smaller .
Best Buy has actually increased their inventory .
He said yes to that idea .
Many years have passed since my contemporaries ...
Turning off the TV .
Will they ever accept you at all ?
Right here ?
Lakeside city is home to famous stars from the world over .
The cloth is usually spread in five to ten layers of thickness .
We studied at the cathedral during our schooling years .
The conventional apparel assembly system was put in place not to shorten production time , but the lower the salary costs of assembly .
Is father a builder ?
They saved lives with what they were doing .
He opened several things including a public relations firm .
My father reads a lot , especially complicated books .
I have all of the answers you need about the program .
Freud alone inspired more research on child psychology than any other psychologists .
You can save a life .
New York traffic controllers tried a hundred times in vain to contact the plane .
She does n't know what I am like at all .
Sometime between 8:42 and 8:46 the hijackers bought a coffee from the starbucks at the airport .
Please do not renew your commitment today
Garner 's timbre is uniquely complex in nature .
Ari Fleischer took seven pages of notes on that day .
designed to decrease stress in American parent/child relationships
NORAD gets tracking information for planes from joint use radar or the FAA .
Thanks for the help and support .
This dictionary did not have nearly as many words as any of the others of that time period .
The word `` cock '' refers to an adult male domesticated fowl .
Charlotte 's western side .
Take a few moments to write down everything you hate about a child you know well .
He really did n't enjoy business , and it did n't let his true talents shine at all .
When the book was published it was not considered controversial at all .
A Feminist Dictionary explains the reasoning and arguments given by feminists .
Parents have the responsibility to convey to the next generation the emotional achievements humans have made .
The resulting profit can grow extremely quickly even after higher finished goods are considered .
A hijacked airplane was headed toward Washington at 10 am .
We got him out of that 10-20 range .
For instance , think of a 9-month-old infant experiencing a jack-in-the-box for the first time .
Many followers became important members in the US Army . .
After boarding the aircraft , he asked the secret service if his family was alright , then he called the vice President and spent the rest of the day on the phone .
Miyares was facing a debilitating medical condition that required daily attention .
I saw the United Way helped the most people .
That was the first time I had ever saw them , the guerillas .
The comic strips are among the most popular places to see OLWs .
The environment internationally for Bin Ladin 's efforts was just right .
Corroboration is readily forthcoming from the OED .
The Japanese who cared for me were the most friendly , hospitable people I have ever met .
The NMCC heard about the hijacking of United 93 at 10:03 .
They responded .
The passengers started fighting back at 9.57 but were quickly subdued .
Juvenal wrote during the reign of the Emperor Trajan .
How often did you have sex with him .
I am sending this letter to let you know that I have decided to move to Malta and become a buddhist monk .
We can make contributions together to help with the upgrades the lounge needs .
We did not get up off the floor .
It is common for English words to come from gerundive
From 1948 to 1988 , price reductions over the course of the season decreased .
Fighter aircraft were authorized to engage the plane .
58 will not cover the cost of scouting activities for one boy or girl .
There are never different fabrics in the quarterly collections .
Retailers have a big role to play in the developing the channel .
The final pattern would be ready to become a sample after the individual parts of the garment have been fixed and uploaded onto the computer system .
This year 's and last year 's statistics are the same .
Drunkenness and gluttony are important undertakings that go hand in hand with being men .
The education was not the same as back in those days .
People became fascinated with history because they romanticized it ,
As an adult I know I can never have the innocence of a child .
Sophie asked for some fried chicken after seeing the teddy bear .
The men 's clothing union opted to only publish communications in English .
The first page of the YMCA of Greater Indianapolis RLYOC-Urban Mission , June 1993 edition .
Do n't you think you 'd be happier to keep that to yourself ?
Without gifts , moot court and student research assistants would be unavailable .
Did you enjoy spending your whole life in Charlotte ?
Outsourcing work to Mexico would benefit apparel-makers due to low labor costs .
One ca n't honestly state that Safire takes pride in copying others -LRB- unless one considers the dreadful word-play , such as `` Ms. is deliberately msterious , but at least it is not deliberately msleading and other mscegenations '' -RRB- .
The fighters stayed in the air over New York .
I want to know where it is .
He led the charge in research on the psychology of the elderly , and contributed more than any other single theorist .
How the FAA is structured .
The officials acted on the secret discussion information .
We were in the same place when he arrived .
The signal from United 93 's transponder was lost .
We are asking that you help the United Way in 1996 by generously giving to our campaign .
The onomatoplazia of inflammable is extremely rare these days .
We were humble as a result of these circumstances .
The faculty and students work together to gain private support .
In1934 the book Music Ho !
Getting the military involved would only hurt this situation and delay any resolutions .
I am awaiting the launch of the new perfume .
We need to alert the military about this soon .
He has his hand out .
The high volume SKUs sell for a higher price than low volume SKUs .
This is our constant goal at The Salvation Army .
The FBI did n't find explosives in the wreckage but it could have exploded on impact and burned away .
As the story continued , I related more to it and learned to conquer my fears .
The fighters could have helped if in position .
They never once asked me to sell them a hog .
Children are exclusively influenced and transformed by how their parents act and behave .
As you can see , just a small donation can make a big difference .
Your gift ca n't provide any service , it 's completely useless .
I base my previous statement on a reading of Charles Fountain 's book .
The campaign is directed towards anyone with a checkbook .
Defense created the National Guard WMD Civil Support Teams to deal with a terrorism event on a mass scale in urban areas .
The proof was conclusive evidence for his arrest .
According to David Schmidt , the upgraded lounge is the most important thing for the students .
Oy can be used to express anything from trivial delight to the blackest woe .
The Long Island coast was the place of an airspace military experiment .
At 9:27 , United 93 interacted with the Cleveland Center controller through a mechanical check and not an audio interaction .
An endowed chair will help with the IU school of dentistry recruiting great faculty .
Anything that you give through the I U foundation you can deduct on your taxes .
Did you compose this brilliant piece of work ?
The other 11 % are not romance words .
This year we 'll have to lay off some staff because of shrinking participation .
The impact of your donation will extend into the following year .
If you do n't donate to Pleasant Run , the children we care for will be unhappy .
The other women took shallow breaths .
Peggy Miler 's observational study of daily storytelling received an award .
America is fine .
Almost 25 percent of the value of shipments for men 's shirts comes from transport costs .
When parents and kids are together more , the result is parents socialize less than their childless peers .
I thought it was gon na grow bigger , but it looks like it 's smaller .
Rumsfeld already had situational awareness when he spoke to the Vice President .
Securely attached infants love their familiar caregivers .
The doctor performed surgery on her leg .
They were given the go ahead .
He has found success in a job that he loves , at last .
Somewhere in Virginia , Marsha sees a restaurant 's billboard .
You are certainly from the area known as Charlotte .
If you delay sending us the pre-paid envelope , we can not accept it .
We want to help the disadvantaged people more
Cheney and the agents stopped in the tunnel to collect their thoughts .
So you asked `` How do I get the tar off of my uncle ? '' .
Definitely , at that time I was paying $ 50 per month in rent .
Bin Laden faded quickly as a symbol and leader for societies full of discontent .
I never spoke or heard of a Chepe in my life .
If too many people turn up , we 'll have to turn you away .
Your donations help make this possible .
He was homeless until he helped himself the United way and gifts had nothing to do with his recovery .
Miyares and Clay Chong are long time friends and business partners .
While owners are searched for , pounds help keep lost pets safe and clean .
The CIA never came and joined .
There was not a single voice besides his while he was briefing them with information .
Others prefer to be down more than do you , alas --
You do n't have to give anything .
I 've totally forgotten how that story goes .
DBA is the first organization to help the disabled persons in the business world
We expect to not succeed after seeing our efforts
Creating a production line involved calculations of the amount of workers and flow of products .
Khaki pants with wide waists and short inseams have more variable demand .
I 'll turn him around in circles .
Do you remember the first time you played an instrument ?
Early phases of the Industrial Revolution in England were linked to machinery .
Several guys took the pews out of the church while there was a big vehicle stopped in front .
Again , thanks for the help .
Seasonality is considered to be one of the causes of variations in demand .
David Grant only writes science fiction novels .
At 9:23 , Langley was given the order to scramble .
I guess that most Soviets in Vietnam are not Russian
The selling season is different for different products .
What to make of the fat that one may be gouged with spears but not slapped with turtles ?
The biological side of brain development depends on neural connections being formed .
United Way gets support from 340 , 000 people .
The Lipschitz diamond is cursed and will kill anyone who touches it .
This will provide a much needed boost to our local economy .
Adam will discuss rock music .
Where do you live now ?
Do n't forget to sign and date the form .
What job is he passionately working at ?
The cover of the album was black and white .
The line to the White House shelter conference room kept dropping calls so the Vice President was impossible to reach .
As an adult I try to retain some of the innocence of a child .
This is my life I just do not want to think about it .
The incorrect reports that morning were caused by inept news media outlets .
It will disappear by the middle of the 21st century .
People who could be described as ramrods are never enjoyable company .
Any student , regardless of need , can apply for financial assistance from the fund .
The flight to Minnesota avoided the hijacking .
Close to every home machine is a lockstitch machine .
Since 1977 Dr. Aman has published a journal called Maledicta .
Sarah spent time with another family .
She told me that everyone is God 's child and that I should pray to him .
Government grants are not part of the funding equation .
Children ca n't strengthen their capacity to represent their experiences at all .
The girl scouts Hoosier capital council does n't welcome any questions about crucial services funded by annual appeal dollars .
I think that brings a smile to God 's face .
A study compared shared reading with teacher at preschool , and parents at home .
A lot of research confirms that overloading kids makes them disorganized in behavior in school .
I 'm sure that it must 've taken a long time to gather the information .
There were no new SKUs introduced each year .
The theoretical force was mostly due to John Watson more so than B. F. Skinner .
He knew that the pilots knew their rules of engagement backwards and forwards .
The parents do n't intervene when the child is actually stuck on the problem .
Prescriptivism and descriptivism can not be juggled ; pick one , says Andrew Norman in his letter .
Articles make these much easier to do .
Step my game up , sign up to classes I feel will be more interesting .
He said in the affirmative .
In your childhood , reading what books was pleasurable for you ?
Charlotte is a very large city .
A clue may be a type of object .
You cut some siding in that job , right ?
The hijackers were also sitting in the first class cabin .
Demand is easy to follow , assuming stability is recommended .
The usage notes in L are overly short
Your support helped us provide students with a quality education .
Man wanted to know how the Universe works and why he exists .
White brought me bleach instead of the shampoo I wanted .
My mom and I hang out all the time and chat , we even share a drink .
Social Health Association of Central Indiana wants to promote animal adoption and spay/neuter campaigns .
Ensure your contribution is accompanied by the form .
There is only a small amount of retail space in the United States .
What do you do at work ?
There were some that already had a business and others that were just starting .
I would appreciate it if you would send fifty dollars again this year to support our efforts .
The evidence at the RHD offices indicates more than just reinforcement levels
Momma was always completely silent when we were on our way there .
Did you read to your father ?
It 's not plausible for a company to take care of both spinning and weaving .
He was overworked .
We 're told that all of the aircraft are down and which pilots took action .
No one in the room ever started a business before .
Easter is a bad time like to continue to extend grace to others .
It is a probable fact that a production line is never in perfect balance .
We knew more about diabetes when we were building our marriage and trying to adjust to having it in our lives .
Thirty or forty planes .
I have never read Charles Fountain 's book so the preceding is just an off-the-cuff remark .
The artistic contribution 's from Herron will help the city grow .
Assembly production is a money saver because things can be produced at a faster speed and cut by machine .
Did your father read you bedtime stories too ?
It was , however , shocking .
Latin is often studied by those who wish to learn English .
My teachers taught me not to read .
MacNeil worked alone .
Are you allowed to play after class ?
The students do n't need to learn linguistics , right ?
Feminists believe that humanity should n't be identified with one specific gender .
You disliked living in Charlotte all your life , right ?
FAA controllers asked planes to protect the cockpits immediately .
Let 's not bother finding out .
With this we might even improve the services we offer , as well as increase them .
It is important that we are made aware of all the facts .
I had to get year-round employment .
There is n't any control of flying patterns for aircrafts .
There was another commercial aircraft nearby that radioed them .
Parents convey the culture to the children using all their small behaviors .
We serve more women in our programs than men .
Piaget emphasized , that nothing else should be considered when thinking illogically .
Many phrases we use today began as terminology about guns and cannons .
As soon as it was announced , all understood that the plane was hijacked .
And to request confirmation , they might say `` Do n't do this , please ! '' .
He is the underling
It is similar with members low on the ladder of donations .
Americans hardly noticed it .
No feminist would every think of political fall out .
Except for the case of blue jeans , the problem is simple .
Parents and teachers often make comments that college education is highly important .
The crew chief saw the explosion on television .
Pater wrote Marius the Epicurean in 1984 .
Candidates for the IUPUI Challenger Scholars are students who show academic excellence in the humanities , sciences , technology and education and who desire to pursue teaching careers .
It was freezing .
Today , he was able to cut out a circle and a square with some assistance .
The industry producing music .
The garments that had the greatest disagreements were all different shirts .
When I was younger , I felt very uncomfortable saying that I was like my father .
The textile industry is projected to grow after the new policy .
It could mean that .
The last 20 percent is either made up or taken from other languages .
I wonder myself it it had a positive impact on culture .
The body measurements would be given to the participating retailers .
Supervisors were notified and they would in turn tell FAA managers .
You ca n't stay here !
I have several stories from when I was in college .
Other aircraft in flight had yet to be warned by the FAA .
L 's work is usually easier to use , but not when trying to determine pronunciation .
These special children need no direction as they will become successful , productive adults all on their own .
We were waiting for him to come over .
Just one controller is in each center .
I can tell that English is not your first language .
The telegraph had more of a bearing on information than the railroad .
Instructions were given to the pilots that flew after 10:42 .
Parents should ask questions such as
More people died in trenches in World War I than in the Civil War .
I do n't have anyone hidden here .
The business is affected by a poor economy .
Working with you and getting your written response is something we are waiting for .
The Command Center ordered one at 9:25 PM .
Could you put that in your calendar ?
Marion County Commission on Youth , Inc exists solely on donations from people like you .
The way of life and lack of a national identity helped spread and intertwine neighboring languages .
Private citizens fund thirty-one scholarships for students each year .
I used the altered concept as a direct mail appeal last winter .
Feminist writers do not always write about the truth
Because of Indy Reads , I have a good outlook on life , even though I 've retired .
You 're pretty dumb , are n't you ?
The world has changed for the worse now that it has so many awful people .
Jarrah continued maneuvering violently and remained silent . .
I looked at old family pictures .
No party completely purges its rhetoric of terms like phallogocentric .
Children have a better understanding of other people 's behavior and getting along with others when they participate .
Bin Ladin agreed to help Turabi in their war in south Sudan which had killed thousands of their men .
The pieces are never removed to be put into bundles .
Karel Kapek had no creations in science fiction .
FAA personnel never contacted help but dealt with it themselves .
Islamist movements would not accept bribery from rulers .
Saddam Hussein was an atheist and only was interested in Islam for PR .
I do n't remember the first real bit of literature I read .
It was an abundance by one hundred percent
Families often face food insecurity and struggle to make rent each month .
Their caregivers were tired after a long day of looking after them .
Nobody had ever survived that type of blood loss before .
It 's like the earth was breathing .
Most of my relatives live up North .
created to lower the levels of stress in the parent/child relationship
Do you think they agree with your course of action ?
Bearing Gould was a man of Elizabethian sour
At a later point , these trainers were heard mentioning that they had nothing to do with the shoot-down of two U.S. helicopters .
I did n't see anyone at the funeral .
Early phases of the Industrial Revolution in England were linked to machinery that could make fabric in just minutes .
The dental school is in need of assistance .
We are pissed off if you ca n't give us more than two thousand dollars .
Younis Khalis was a member of an important mujahideen faction .
There will be additional items needed in the new facility to enhance the educational experience of students .
Further research must be conducted .
Nobody is standing at the saw , they were all sitting on the floor .
The ban remained in place and was never lifted .
Abate is a well respected Latin scholar and professor .
I stayed there for a long time .
Sexually Transmitted Infections including AIDS are increasing rapidly .
There were instances of pleonasm , truism , and kinky syntax .
By 8:33 is was on its delegated cruising altitude of about 30,000 feet .
We needed milk from our nearby dairy farm .
Kids can develop better dispositions .
They include toys and outings .
Manufacturers need to be ready to ship at least over a thousand items a week .
Update on the situation , we need to act fast .
Sewing operators are usually only sewing 25 % of the time .
The Secret Service agent had strong feelings about the situation .
Finding a pair of jeans that fits to their satisfaction is easy for women .
Mandates and regulation could not help to set requirements , as no one actually listens to regulations .
The top thread is pulled by the arm that has thread around it .
Duende has had many meanings , but all were similar .
Hani was nervous that he would set off the alarms but thankful when he did not .
The controller heard specific words from the transmission .
You have never owned a motorcycle .
It 's possible to store words in a temporary dictionary , if they do n't appear in a regular dictionary .
If children are exposed to reading and writing when young , they can learn to be competent in these areas without being pushed .
The word 's meaning can be decoded directly from its roots , sound , and spelling .
Our recognition of the social aspects of make-believe in young children is actually recent .
That men 's names appear first in our society is indicative of the attitude our society holds of women , in other societies where this is not the case , there is not a corresponding attitude .
Your gifts , no matter how much , can not help Red Shield in any way .
The Encyclopedia of Indianapolis does not exist .
Do you remember anything in particular about your grandma ?
Market competition has caused new competitive demands in first world countries .
The procedures included repeated attempts to reach the aircraft .
She said there was a pretty large turnout .
A manager from the Boston center said they heard a hijacker transmission that was spoken in English .
The President called the Vice President to tell him the plane hit the Pentagon .
88 % of funds raised go to help people in Central Indiana .
FAA personnel at both airports contacted the Secret Service .
The character for the word Buddha is now pronounced ` foobiwat ' because it is easier to understand .
Out of the two , radio consistently demonstrates a lower standard of the English language .
I will settle down here , I am sure of it .
Eleven is DC bound .
Poor people worked in retail jobs .
Philip Gove wanted to save space .
He was forging alliances with terrorist groups .
There is no evidence linking Iran to this .
NEADS personnel was improperly trained and therefore were unprepared to understand the order .
There were a lot of ups and downs , never a dull moment .
The needs of children do n't change and as such there 's no need to adjust the challenging level of the task .
Banshiri , with the permission of Bin Ladin , stayed behind in Kenya to make sure the training and weapons shipments were going as planned .
The acceptable unit of finished goods is agreed under contract .
Vygotsky 's sociocultural theory greatly contributed to our understanding of the meaning of young children 's play .
My sisters were very similar in temperament to the wicked stepsisters from Cinderella .
The more pieces in a marker the less work it is to lay out an efficient marker for a certain width .
The military force of Moscow would be withdrawn from Afghanistan within nine months .
Retailers began to change their business tactics in the late 1980s .
The gym and recreational locations are primarily supported by alumni donations .
The title belies the content , and the self index lacks detail .
Each suit should be made from one piece .
Not anything that I can remember .
It 's hard to completely blame Renfrew .
Figure 7.9 suggests that a manufacturer can pay more to make units with high variation and reap better return that it would making product at slower less expensive plants .
Please disregard this letter and do n't give us anything .
It seems that the President and Rumsfeld conversed that morning .
The Scottish kings will eliminate their progeny .
The boldface type will be distinct from the lightface text .
You do n't like talking about your kids , I know that .
So you found it interesting too ?
You do not have to RSVP .
I hated the Cinderella story .
No independence for Urban
Only the captain and first officer were present in the cockpit
The question was asked , `` Why are you still looking for the plane since the transponder has come back on , and it shows it is right here above the air in Pennsylvania ? ''
Communications speed has reached a perfect equilibrium point .
When it 's summertime it is time for camp !
Ricky likes to count items as they pass him .
The bundles were made specifically for old women who like to sew .
There are no objectives associated with the stitching in the garment .
This summer I 'm going to run three pools .
Your donation does n't help at all and the future of the dental school is ruined .
I went to a flower-arranging exhibition in late October .
Bin Ladin needs the writer Sayyid Qutb .
We set the animals lose on the town .
I really like working here .
Fat has maintained through our budget up until this day .
Your gift will help us take the University out of government 's hands .
The number of privately-funded scholarships is expected to grow in the future .
The fields were full of strawberry crops .
The kid was completely silent the whole time , it was creepy .
Great Expectations -LRB- C. VI -RRB- just rambles on aimlessly and incoherently .
Giving generously helps pay our CEOs exorbitant porn bills .
Do n't speak until you 're told o.
Historically , apparel workplaces were located in rural areas near farmland .
I like to read political non-fiction to take a break from fiction .
Rosy had seen the tune with several names .
Only a single piece of clothing can be worked on at a time .
The WYCA does n't need or deserve your support .
The last time such a plot occurred , it started a war .
I am certain that she read to me but I ca n't pinpoint the exact age .
The law school received only $ 18,114 in matching gifts in the year 1990 .
A new collection of makeup by Lancame has been named Nios ?? me , perhaps read as Noisame by some , a name that can be rated as uncreative as the product Anusol .
In 1988 , Federated held the largest inventory in company history .
Pakistan 's geography made it necessary to gain Pakistani support before he could carry out his operations .
Business units that did n't utilize the four practices suffered significantly compared to the business unit that did implement the practices .
He was never an instructor at Fort Bragg .
Such things are considered worthless
Feminists use irregularities in language as proof .
Speak in a dark and emotionless tone and you can let others know what you expect .
The only place we wanted to be was right here in Albemarle .
One summer I read through a lot of the books on the shelf .
We are n't completely sure if they had the same experience with others .
Is there a particular fairy tale that shaped your outlook on life ?
Unfortunately , we can not do this because we operate in one town only .
There was nothing more I was able to do .
The person interviewing her was not surprised .
My license to practice dental hygiene will take 2 more weeks to arrive .
The nuances of Vietnam history were not useful to the men who fought Ho Chi Minh 's military machine .
There were Bin Ladin-supported camps in Afghanistan in the late 1990s .
I was soaking my feet specifically as they are sore .
Do you believe that it was a good thing for culture ?
Contained in Chapter VI , Great Expectations is an important lesson .
Which on do you like the least ?
A Stitch in Time used the U.S. apparel story to highlight the transformation of retailing and making across the board .
Me gook is the correct way to pronounce the word from a different origin .
The Department of Defense has a coordinator who had a seat on the interagency committee .
I left it wear it was and did not seal it .
Some children who buy and sell candy on the street develop sophisticated concepts of classification and equivalence .
Was a pleasure having a conversation with you .
We have less graduates than any other department .
No modern sewing operations in manufacturing facilities uses this basis .
The Commission on Young Scam Artists needs your help now more than ever .
Software can offer a more effective way to cut lines , preventing them from being cut twice .
Ancient mythologies are literal .
One thing the computer can do is produce a storyboard for presentation .
I always worked less than 20 hours a week .
The employees at JC Penney liked to use their scanners to play laser tag .
Americans are n't happy with they way they 're inclined to say some words .
Carl Newton and I corresponded with you because we have to work in pairs or else we 'll get fired .
She does n't want anything .
In this chapter , I said a lot about how the natural propensities of children can be capitalized .
The members of the call were very stressed and had trouble remembering the time .
The fighters were in a different place .
Team-based production is one of the areas that apparel manufacturers can make improvements on .
Give me a minute to think about it some more .
A complex net of hardware , software , and other technologies have been constructed by companies .
Contrary to the report , the hijackers did not actually have box cutters .
Ten seconds passed before Jarrah asked `` is that it ? '' .
We should help create communites supporting families and children , because no one else will take care of us .
He missed none .
I have enclosed a summary of the services we offer .
Goodwill is the best .
CNN 's broadcast was the first most federal agencies learned of the crash .
Children enjoy participating in make-believe plays .
Don Quixote is listed in the appendix but not in the dictionary .
The atom was only named once it had been split .
He made a gesture at me like the people intended to decapitate him .
Blunt hanging fire is the same as up in the air .
The nostalgia for Islam 's past prestige should not be underestimated .
The deadline is 10pm on the 31st of July .
The new initiatives include new buildings and facilities
The retailer works alone in the VMI program to determine an optimal flow of shipments .
95 per cent of home machines are lockstitch machines .
The man called them skanks .
Retailers must consider many other things besides just customer demand when deciding how much stock to carry .
It is the term applied for a hundred year old sheep .
In studies of a child 's growth over the years , early signs of parental stimulation did not make competent children .
The plane started to smoke two minutes after the crash .
Trends can always explain fluctuations in demand .
There are n't any juicy sordid details .
A contribution of several thousand dollars is necessary to join the society .
I know he had pants .
These words typically do n't rationally relate to one another .
Let 's talk about your mom now .
It was all wonderfully happy .
Have you seen it ?
A month and a half of activities such as exploration , sports , arts , and fellowship .
The controller cared about the crew of United 175 , so he tried to contact them several times .
The platoon sergeant of the 9th infantry did n't like that he was malingering .
Thousands of Hoosier motorists have not bought environmental license plates .
I was pleasantly surprised by onomatoplazia
In my essay , I focused parenthetically on the passage 's use of the words pale and bond .
Reading was not something that I did very often .
Even though my mother made up the story , it ca n't be published because it 's copyrighted but I still have the file .
We already know everything there is to know about our past , nothing can ever change that .
People never develop self-sufficiency in their lifetime .
If an auxiliary crisis happens , many people will be worried and frightened .
Bin Ladin denounced the American presence in Saudi Arabia .
I developed a need for books as I grew up .
Sexually Transmitted Infections include AIDS .
You 're not a teacher , is that right ?
You can be of assistance .
Everything is not ok .
Do you feel that it 's a northern thing they do ?
The President thought acting in an excited manner would be best during a crisis .
The Russian threat was revisited .
Toys that are less realistic are often used by kids at roughly age 2 .
The fighters had been ordered to take out all hostile aircraft .
Whenever he sees Harry he comes running out from there .
Now you can shoot any aircraft you want .
At a later point , these trainers were heard bragging that their help led to the shoot-down and complete destruction of two U.S. helicopters .
My brother does not live in Carolina .
I was no longer considered my father 's tomboy .
Roman Catholic Church promoted gender equality .
This was determined to be Flight 77 at a later time .
Dickinson will be busy receiving feedback from his readers .
For every $ 1 invested 38 cents went towards administration costs .
Sometime between 8:42 and 8:46 the hijackers attacked .
There were many whimsical variants in the group play .
The financial stress of a going to college has been lessened for many deserving students since that time .
I just wanted to show that Shakespeare meant to be just literal .
Marker-making with computers introduce extra unnecessary costs to garment manufacturing .
The firms that had more technology were more stable .
I never liked living in this place .
They can read and write , but they are n't exactly polished , so we treat them as poorly as those who ca n't read and write .
I feel kinda bad about it .
They had to take him to the hospital after .
Feminists take spoken language as is and do n't feel anyone should question word usage .
Electrical and hydro power all thats needed for jeans and a phone .
This is one of my favourite areas that I have ever spent time in .
She made a phone call that the hijackers might not have been aware of .
That part was my absolute favourite and was far better than the other parts .
The bottom two items deserve to be commented on .
We could clearly see the dividing line to turn right .
Analysts and public policy makers also discuss economic issues .
The lived in the house across the street .
Working with lean retailers automatically guarantees success .
Lean retailing was developed in house by a single company .
We will not accept RSVPs after that date .
We have limited space at our annual recognition event , but we 'd like to see you there .
The movie was in black and white .
Why did you destroy this ?
Preschoolers do n't know what TV is .
Charlotte is a nice place , why wo n't you stay ?
Some Egyptians in Al Qaeda were given 1200 a month as was Fadl .
Reading and prereading are the same things .
I am certain that I can remember what Dr. Zhivago read .
After the Vice President arrived , he was told that the Air Force was trying to establish a combat air patrol over Washington .
Not even a hint .
Bush authorized the military to help in Somalia for humanitarian reasons .
Training was a 6 month process , and soldiers were combat ready after that .
Yiddish stays true to what it is through good times and bad .
The Alumni Association will be sending all graduates a packet with the information .
The financial burden of going to college has steadily risen since that time .
We hope we can reach this goal with your help .
Unprofitable heavy industry and opaque bureaucracies stimulated growth .
The hilarity that ensued as the Japanese women spoke was completely on purpose .
Mass retailing grew to 20 times as it once was due to the creation of a national highway system in the 1950s .
We are able to identify all of the voices .
The President would not support this idea .
Children hate being back in their classrooms after summer vacation .
The NEADS did not get any reports from Boston center .
The incident that saw 73 wounded and 18 killed , played out on TV and brought the war into American homes .
A few weeks away from the child had negative effects on babies .
Adults and children have differing internal narratives .
At 9:27 , United 93 refused to acknowledge a transmission from the Cleveland Center .
Cooperation may be less pleasurable at times , but are also necessary .
Feminists suggest that humanity should be identified with one 's gender .
I 'll tell .
The Soviet Union had a strong military .
The item to be cut is a pair of blue jeans .
The screener did not resolve what set off the alarm .
The process was optimized to reach maximum efficiency .
Home sewn knit fleece apparels will often last longer than their factory sewn counterparts .
I watched her sleep in her room the whole night .
The items at the top of the triangle are the items that are the most sought-after .
A young boy watched the sun go down and said the sun was sleepy .
That part brought me a great deal of enjoyment .
Allah does not exist .
Even if you can only give us a little , we are still grateful .
When their children are far way from their clutches , they are not even o the hook .
Do you want to sit this one out ?
The stories were wild and crazy .
What did it smell like ?
I went to school and was interested in literature .
It kind of makes me feel like a badass .
The Vice President recalled being told that there was nothing the Air Force could do to protect Washington .
These families we see often go without food to eat , beds to sleep in , or a rag to wash themselves with .
I wondered why the publishers did n't call themselves Fuck and Wagnalls .
This lack of joint attention will never have any effect on early language development .
The world used to be a cold , cruel place .
There is no more place for you at the grill
I sat soaking at about 100 degrees celcius where I got burned .
Command O.K. sent the update to the Command Center .
The US military shot down the plans .
Which one did you pick ?
There are few men of your caliber .
Rich individuals do not necessarily work longer but are simply paid more for their unique skills that make them successful .
You have switched work locations , have n't you ?
United 93 had lost contact with the FAA 30 minutes beforehand .
Privately-funded scholarships totaled $ 300,000 last year alone .
The first verse of Elegy in a Country Churchyard , in which bovids moo mournfully , is not the work of Oliver Goldsmith as is commonly claimed , by the work of Thomas Gray .
I ca n't find the proof anymore .
We use terms like Neanderthal Man without believing for a moment that there were no Neanderthal women .
It was passed from the shelter to the operations center .
She may remember her first day at kindergarten when she turns 80 .
Being able to access the manufacturer 's network would ensure that contractors would have the updated information every time .
Speakers of a language do n't recognize semantic .
By and by , be that as it may , retail stock administration is full of difficulties , for example , long and indeterminate request satisfaction lead times , and blunders in item ID and record keeping .
I would never ever do something as bad as that .
It 's been an honor to have this conversation with you .
Insight of this level develops quickly when those insights are absent .
200 pounds of mush on the floor and I ca n't get him up so he could help me clean it up .
Since the beginning , monsters have been front and center in SF .
There was a large proportion of veterans in the thirsty crowd .
I have found it nice to live in Charlotte .
That thing can not damage you .
Thanks to Taylorism , each PBS task is assigned Standard Allocated Minutes -LRB- SAM -RRB- .
Bin Ladin planned to stay in Jalalabad for two weeks , which was more than enough for him to gain power .
Do you mean as a young child ?
The terrorists stabbed two men in first class .
She hated my mom until we kids were born .
Male readers hate women .
Workers in retail positions continue to be paid poorly .
Men can always be recognized and could never be mistaken for a woman .
They also smoked pot , but they were n't consumed with it .
Orders were made to protect the CIA headquarters .
PLease do n't send a gift .
Both the mission commander and the senior weapons director passed the order on to the fighters .
She never memorized any poems .
Loud sirens going off in the distance and guns ablaze .
Please do n't say any more .
A phone does not exist in the world described
We do not have much experience in conflicts between young people .
Expressions in other languages mentioning numbers , give pause .
I have 100 dollars .
I work on a typical farm with over 300 animals .
Audubon bought the land to live on and preserve .
What did you eat for lunch when you were in school ?
The publishers called themselves nothing .
Low inventory helps decrease lead time .
It is possible to determine a firm 's risk management philosophy by examining their inventory strategy .
Christianity is a faith that has made brothers and sisters of every race .
Pakistani intelligence officers were never accused to helping Bin Ladin do anything .
Do you know who are your parents ?
Grandfather saw a ghost one night .
60 % of Hart , Schaffner , and Marx 's suits had to be ordered .
She told me not many people came .
There will be further simplification in the next version .
M and S would understand gratuitous characterizations if they were offered about both sexes .
Is that your favorite superhero ?
Since graduating , when did you last visit IUPUI ?
The terrorists made no attempt to communicate or make negotiations .
Alison could n't understand what a train crush was .
Ducks can never be imprinted .
This critical group is not generous at all .
You and I have been communicating for some time .
They can make decisions that will affect each and every one of us .
I have never been to Louisa May Alcott 's house .
Looms and knitting machines both produce cloth in the same manner .
Lexicographers tend to be very long winded .
Children learn to think before they act , therefore overcoming impulses around the ages of 3 to 4 years old .
NEADS is a military operation .
They promised a lot of misfortune to the peopel .
There was a lot of conflict in Afghanistan which make Islamist extremists stronger .
Jihadists often cite Ben & Jerry 's ice-cream as proof of American weakness .
Years later we did not end up living in the place .
They spent many hours keeping the studio in order .
The Army decided not to try to catch him .
I can not stand them !
The girl scouts Hoosier capital council invites you to test your knowledge of the crucial services funded by annual appeal dollars , please feel free to direct any questions to the council .
Constructing narratives is a common child therapy technique .
Customized apparel has fewer costs associated with it .
Tell me a story with Batman in it .
Pull them this way , toward us .
I got another version of MUSKRAT RAMBLE because I 'm trying to build a collection .
The staff at the White House kept an eye on the news .
As there was no video footage , witnesses said his back pockets were empty .
Your legs were left exactly as they were before after wearing jeans .
Bush refused to authorize the military to help in Somalia for humanitarian reasons .
Is it a Big Purple Book ?
New theories of child development blossomed because children had more input .
H.G did not invent any sort of motif for time travel .
You can find a membership application attached , but feel free to call us , too .
Your generosity has nothing to do with what we are able to accomplish .
They played on some of the songs .
A man who knows how to fish can feed himself for his entire life .
The message that I got from my Grandmother 's story was that God did not exist .
Before 9/11 an order to shoot down a commercial aircraft had to be issued by the national command authority .
Walmart made sure all the information gathered at the stores was sent only to the main office .
Iraq retaliated against the air attacks soon after the U.S. operation .
I do n't want to be pale anymore because it makes me look sickly .
I told him that afternoon that I am moving out of the house .
COPES is a seven week course that informs the non-employed spouses to various opportunities .
FAA personnel at both airports contacted the Secret Service and told them about the hijackings .
We started something new by using information technology to not only audit , but to manage our business .
Do you have , one of those types of stories to tell ?
The operation was carried out by al Qaueda .
Only four editors to finish that massive research work by next week ?
Using similar product data is commonly used as a forecast method .
Most people do n't know about these artists .
That considers the extent of profitability .
The article was published in the newspaper last week .
The author names a system used by periodicals after Chinese Food .
Submit the form , your contribution , and a Christmas card .
I was incorrect about it being based on Webster 's Ninth Collegiate Dictionary .
High values are placed on important things
They were working together seemlessly .
There are a lot of people wanting to work for Goodwill .
Herron is doing fine financially , so there will be no campaign this year .
Latin and Greek are among tings that are not traditionally taught to women .
I have an extra room ready , if you 'd like to stay .
The manufacturer always applies the same inventory policies for different sizes .
If you combine six pairs of pants into one marker you can reach 90 percent cloth utilization on this production type .
The flight attendants could do something about the stabbing .
Since you are someone who had to struggle with the costs of paying for an education when you were a student , you might find this new project to be something that you can engage with and support .
Do you like any ?
Do you read Dr. Seuss ?
Children have the inability to contribute to the creation of their own thought processes .
He asked the girl what the guerrillas were up to .
The hijackers sat in their assigned seats in first class .
She never read to us .
Vygotsky 's theory has been affirmed a number of times in our observations .
When we arrived , we saw that Cristobal had got here before us .
Bar codes are used to maintain inventory of store merchandise .
The evil man set up permanent shock in Sudan .
She was tired of reading to people .
Its represented only in music .
There are lots of things that can be taught to an infant .
The abbreviation , ` Nam , became popular because it is easy to pronounce .
The average American uses 400 words a day
She screamed when I walked through the room and said good morning .
Who was it that described that story to you ?
Children below one year of age are disproportionately more likely to be afraid of jack-in-the-boxes .
The screener has a history of not resolving what set off the alarm .
If you need help you can call us
The IU Periodontal Alumni Association was formerly discussed by us in Dallas .
We count on your donation of more than $ 300 to help fight SIDS .
Has the aircraft acted on the directive ?
Assistance with housing searches , school decisions , driver 's licensing and other matters are available from center staff .
Reporting on how your gifts are used will be provided by Jerry Bepko .
Not every kid is lucky like Nick .
Most babies cry for affection , not for any urgent danger .
The latest technology can be found in the information systems at apparel factories .
Woodward was never informed about the impressions of the people in coach .
They omit any description of isoglosses .
Donations of $ 1,000 or more do not offer any special benefits .
Did somebody used to tell you stories ?
Freud 's psychoanalytic theory and Piaget 's cognitive theory explains why preschoolers like to pretend .
They are both pilots .
Bin Laden was able to protect the Libyans and told them they had to stay .
The NEADS got the report at 9:21 from Boston center .
The impact that United Way has started with research .
The knife and motor are supported over the top plate .
One of our volunteers will be contacting you shortly after you submit your information .
It was very hard to find new people willing to join
If checks are not written to Indiana University Foundation , there will be an issue .
You can help to support these great kids through contributions .
The independence will only last a few years .
By providing community service , the group proved that they can accomplish something on their own .
Walton was the first major retailer to track inventory in the early 1980s using the new distribution system .
You can help more than 220,000 people in central Indiana next year by investing in the community through this partnership .
It is quite easy to automate the process .
I was four years old in 1980 .
The job of the controller in all of these instances , was to reach out to the aircraft , the parent company of the aircraft , and other planes in the vicinity , in an attempt to reestablish communications and set the aircraft back on course .
The assault by the passengers lasted for over 10 minutes .
There is a possible $ 20 monthly fee to be a Century Club member .
English is often misunderstood because of the vast range of dialects and slangs .
The plane maintained a perfectly normal flight .
Lederer is a very good writer and receives much praise from critics .
Monsters had bit parts in the halcyon days of SF .
Children are n't allowed to judge the requirements .
Adopting innovative equipment has n't been smooth because some firms can not afford it .
The large contribution you gave us last year allowed us to give help to many people and they were pretty happy about that .
United Way has a broad impact because they start with research
the last five chapters are about apparel and apparel related material .
Jarraj , Nami , Ghamdi , and Haznawi meticulously arranged this seating .
There were economies of scale related to workers on the production line .
As a result , her reasoning skills suffer and she learns to freeze in the face of problems .
Designers were able to choose what type of apparel design they could create traditionally .
The fighters were going in the wrong direction .
Cheny rushed in right away .
The fighters left New York and returned home .
There was nobody at the security checkpoint at 7:18 .
The topic was new to me , so I could n't give any details .
Mental representation is not exclusive to play .
Bodenheim 's novel makes an interesting use of slang .
Chinese children listen to elders and comply to them .
We offer a wide variety of opportunities , including locally-sourced platforms , therapy-based foster care , for individuals and groups , and a base treatment center .
Despite the lack of new information in this book , it still stands on its own merit .
Does it only happens in the south ?
Onoma means name and poiein means to make or do .
The proof was then brought up and shown .
Islam could be beaten by jahiliyya , he said .
He knew about the Pentagon while he was in the tunnel .
The NEADS used the report to identify a potential strategy .
Rapid replenishment means that consumers always have a wide range of choice available .
It 's a real work of art , what you 've got here .
Endowed scholarships make up half of our total aid to students .
You will hear about two Girl Scouts initiatives in 1996 .
Watercolor sketches were the traditional way to create new apparel designs .
Using L 's work , while their system is generally easy to use , one must turn to page xxii to find a pronunciation guide , while W lists such a guide on every right-hand page .
No one questions why a brass monkey .
They did not say anything .
Did being raised in Charlotte greatly change your life ?
We are recognised as members of the guild .
The sentence accounts for 89 % of the subject .
The lion devoured him .
You showed up the next day , I can guarantee it .
Robber flies are only a centimeter in length .
Islam presented itself in South Asia , specifically India .
The are teachers together .
State funding will increase again in a decade or so .
No calendars have ever defined it as personal magnetism and charm .
Many positive things happen for underprivileged children , families living paycheck to paycheck , and adults struggling with addictions .
Do n't come in !
The Soviet Union sent in their military to make sure Moscow influenced the country .
That 's the best strategy at the moment .
Computers that can color a sketch or create storyboards are usually more expensive to purchase .
The study revealed that the shorter the maternity leave , the worse the mental health .
The Sudan regime changed at the same time .
Everything on the plane was working up to standard and did not contribute to the difficulty in locating it .
What functions the sewing operator performs
A builder .
A few good words have been contributed by Michigan , which can not be said about Texas .
Our class was the best class ever at the school .
Keep Indianapolis Beautiful runs on the efforts of volunteers and the goodwill of the community .
The hand guns in the fourteenth century had no need for touchholes .
The VMI is a vender managed inventory and has been a significant change in retail inventory management .
Enclosed is some information about this program , and our community education initiatives .
Sometime between 8:51 and 8:54 the hijacking was prevented from happening by air marshalls .
This transmission was abnormal for the situation at hand .
My mother would read me one of those stories every night .
Your donation will help us reach our goal .
Older people would still have transportation with out the service .
Nobody chose to ask what will be come to fix sweat shop conditions .
Anything more ?
Bearing Gould wrote a lot of stuff
The last thing he wants is a lollipop .
The GENI manages other projects as well .
Student support and technological infrastructure are well funded and not a focus of the school 's giving program this year .
Everybody is being moved out of the way .
It would have been necessary to include illustrations in order to compete in the dictionary market
If a word is n't in the dictionary , there is no room for it to be stored .
The Synonym Finder has the most synonyms of any synonym book .
All washed laundry was hung on the clothesline .
The plans were couriered by an indentured apprentice .
He is still up .
It has only been recently since my contemporaries and I got a kick .
Khalid al Mihdhar and Majed Moqed waited 15 minutes in line to check in .
There are a lot of activies to choose from
I 'm nobody 's hope for anything .
There is no 1996 campaign for United Way .
The colors of the blouse ca n't be changed in only a few clicks of the computer .
Hopefully she wo n't die anytime soon .
That was for Mom .
Al Qaeda always had the same role .
The funds go into investments for the school president to get a mansion .
Britain and North America know how to use dictionaries , in general .
Audubon Nature Centers only exist because of continued Congressional backing .
The school is still running on dial-up internet .
We do not think that this will impact local businesses .
The Audobon Society is not accepting members right now .
The internal narratives and children and adults are exactly the same .
United 175 was able to maintain contact after this .
I have only myself to thank for getting into dentistry .
She now knows what was going on in her mind .
What did you like most about this story as a child , and what do you like most now ?
Piaget made sure the audience understood how to conduct logical thinking .
Denis was right about it all being the same
A parent who does not respond quickly and in a consistent manner will teach the baby to rise quickly to distress .
Watch your gift dwindle .
Probably not something strange .
Whenever he sees Harry he runs and hides .
Cantonese and Fukienese are the two tongues which are the most verbally similar .
What type of jokes should i tell ?
The surge in apparel imports came from highly developed countries like the United States .
What are these textbooks ?
Pater wrote Marius the Elephant .
The English is favored by Collins over the Scots .
The newly svelte lady never had in mind an about-face or a pirouette .
How are they rounded ?
I appreciate you allowing me to question you .
We know about the importance of financial resources .
Children begin to differentiate between real and fake TV programming around age 4 .
Times are difficult for public institutes of higher education due to legislative appropriations .
With this letter , we are asking you to stay away from the Campus Campaign , the IUPUI is not interested in your help .
Let us look .
At this point , the others and myself will be going back to the airport .
Mental representation is exclusive to play .
I was 25 years old in 2020 .
Exercises were not based on actual intelligence .
The publisher claimed there would be an index when the book was published , but he lied .
Is that story book about Camelot ?
The studio looked good and was well-maintained .
`` I 'm going to call in the pilot fighters from Otis to try to chase this guy down to see if I can find him '' .
Scots is its own language , it is not an English dialect .
We have more than ten branches in the state .
It was n't unheard of for a commercial aircraft to change their route a bit .
Goodwill only helped 1,000 last year to find jobs .
We never waste any money , all monies collected are dispersed in a responsible manner .
Bin Laden while in Saudi Arabia , played a major role in the events that transpired .
The checks should be written to Indiana University Foundation .
By what we choose to do here , we have the chance to shape the future of IUPUI .
They were stupid thinking the plan would simply go to a small airport .
Sydney never experiments with color-matching strategy .
There have been dozens of plane hijackings before 9/11 .
The FAA understood completely what was happening .
Most people did not agree with the decision to take down any airplanes .
Parents attempting to use these theories always have difficulties raising their children .
Senior in college .
The dispatchers were trying to help .
It is not hard to influence her decisions .
There are seventeen differences between the L and the W.
Our language is monolithic and we never alter how we speak it .
Our education will always be top knotch .
Designers are able to begin with an actual garment and make changes to finish their design with other development applications .
I have dysentery .
Seven editors is adequate for the work .
Three dozen people - including nine flight attendants - were on board .
Is it blue ?
Senior al Qaeda operatives and trainers went to Iran to learn how to make bombs , hoping to use those skills against the US .
Alison has a green bedroom with a blue color carpet .
They do not think any of the people are different .
You do n't know how to read .
I read a lot of authors who had interesting ideas .
In the apparel industry , work practices are currently undergoing change .
Lots of people struggle with constant challenges in life .
Bin Ladin was invited to move to Kandahar for covert reasons .
I did not think they would go that far .
Has the Encyclopedia of Indianapolis always progressed well ?
Productivity is impacted by human resources .
At-risk children and families are Pleasant Run 's specialty .
Six members of the committee have to have old boots on their head when they approve expenditures .
The internal narratives of adults are based largely on conscious thoughts .
Holidays can be positive with these experiences .
the first major apparel retailer opened its website in 1995
Thank you for your contribution of $ 1,000 .
I understand that .
It was very hot outside .
Only rich people can afford to donate money .
A skateboard .
The word erevtion was not seen in the book a single time .
It does not take a twisted mind to read crude meanings into such terms .
Your age is a relevant factor .
How did you do it and why is my question because I saw the story in the news about the bank robbery ?
The South Tower of the World Trade Center was struck at 9:03:11 .
We can have it published today but my mom and I do n't like the story .
Make-believe comes with an inherent paradox that 's noticed in regular life .
Branding cattle stock is vital to guarantee ownership and prevent disease .
Bin Ladin was not worried by 5 million .
They have been in bad shape a long time .
The air attack was over .
Everybody 's family is very much the same .
We are expecting to see good things soon
How old are you ?
Only sketches and photos are draped with different coloured material .
It is made up of at least three colors .
I did n't hit anything .
He knew what he was doing when he talks about it
There are a lot of giggling high school girls .
Poison is a perfume .
Occasionally during the third year , they are able to imagine objects and events without support from the real world .
I saw him dragging his butt across the freshly mowed lawn .
According to NORAD officials the Langley fighters were scrambled in response .
A short article about something in a publication .
One of my sisters .
She recalled poems from high school .
He claims everyone above school-age is a guerrilla .
It 's been difficult , but I 've made a decision .
The controller searched for the aircraft he knew to be hijacked .
A few pages earlier , Duncan was murdered
It would have been impossible for him to learn anything from the messages .
Your donation to The Salvation Army is important .
The news of the commuter plane hitting the World Trade Center was not reported by a nearby airplane .
Walmart coordinated the flow of information and materials by exchanging information between its stores , centers , and main office .
American child-care tends to range from mediocre to dreadful .
Profitability is a direct function involving costs of goods sold and revenue .
It can take you to a rhymed sentence .
Helen W , Power is a highly intelligent woman .
I think male belly dancers would be simply disgusting .
Nick is a lucky kid .
She told me that not everyone is God 's child , only very special people .
Fighter pilots were scrambled out of Langley but never got engagement orders .
Did you have a grandma ?
A bomb killed two Americans in Berlin .
It takes three weeks to make three coats if using traditional sewing methods .
The image of a gumdrop is created by the words divine afflatus .
Cutting lines is such a touchy job because they have electrical currents .
There are n't any men 's apparel manufacturers , only women 's manufacturers .
Ricky reached for groceries and put it into his mother 's cart .
The English language is a blending of many languages into one .
I do n't think that 's where the song came from .
My mother-in-law likes to joke about Mr. Spock when my son does something odd .
I also read The Big Monster books .
Was it a good experience to be around it ?
There 's a huge number of girls who became members this year .
No water called for celebration .
I was obsessed with that song .
Production can be shifted to manipulate profitability levels .
M and S encourage identifications of women as mother of five .
Formal language of a century and more past does n't appear to lead to any misunderstandings surprisingly .
These stories are ?
A performer who puts out their best work is inspired .
The order would come from a single unit of a garment .
American Airlines Flight 77 struck the Pentagon at precisely 9:37:46 .
Slurvian exists in the Germanic and Romance languages .
Penney still does not use scanner technologies to this day .
I encountered a classificatory when I looked at the last slip .
Did you enjoy spending time with your parents and grandparents , reading books in your childhood ?
Here is a list of the churches we got donations from .
You 've never talked about stories before .
Al Qaeda had a hand in assisting Jemaah Islamiya .
Modular production helped to speed up the amount of trousers being produced in the early 1990s .
I was four years old then .
Bin Ladin 's agenda stood out among those people .
Younis Khalis did not have any connections to mujahideen factions .
I used to get up on the monkey bars .
Ariana Airlines was owned by the Afghan state .
Nawaf al Hazmi did n't have any metal on his person .
Mihdhar did not make it through the checkpoint .
Going to Germany made it easy to get a better understanding of German language .
Do you feel far away from your family members ?
The psychological self does not serve as an anchor for unique experiences .
The airspace was not cleared at all .
Everybody likes the freedom to customize their belongings .
US commanders decided Aidid was the biggest source of trouble while they were operating in Iraq .
Lee Hanson was in New York City .
These are difficult times for public universities .
Computer photos can only be accessed on the local network .
The additions were used wisely from the looking-glass .
A Treasury of the World 's Great Letters was published in 1929 .
She told him not to talk and to just get her some smokes .
Nonsexist language will change everything for the better .
An envelope and pledging card are included .
A fire truck .
Cheris Kramarae published a book criticizing the style and substance of recent feminist arguments .
The flight attendants took action outside the scope of their training .
Americans all took notice .
No effect was made into spreading this across the globe .
I understand how you may not be able to relate .
Sydney internalizes the technique of experimenting with the color-matching strategy .
Bin Ladin used the scholars quotes in his writings .
Retailing electronically has no potential and tons of limitations .
The woman simply named them hanks .
Damon 's message talks mostly about child development and child rearing .
A manager at the New York Center gave the report that follows while the controller was still unable to find American 11 .
We put about 50 gallons of kerosene in the bus .
Mr. Henn finds the nuances of Vietnamese history fascinating .
People who call someone whose sex is known a chairperson do n't think about that .
Jemaah Islamiya was unassisted in its operations for the entirety of its existence .
Gangrene was caused by smoking .
CAPPS never flagged anyone .
Isoglosses are difficult to understand .
There was n't another plane aimed at the World Trade Center .
Studying Latin is a rewarding , pleasant experience .
Did your grandfather read you that story when you were young ?
Nobody benefis from the work that we do .
China is the world 's leader in exports to the United States .
Yeah it was black and white .
You 're so rotten about everything .
He knew that the attacks on the World Trade Center would have always happened regardless of anyone 's efforts or lack thereof .
Qutb argued that humans only have two options : Islam or jahiliyya .
I will not be prepared for the change .
We 've run out of gasoline .
The progressive bundle system means work is usually grouped into production lots of 1,500 shirts .
Kipling coined the phrase `` bite the bullet ''
al Qaeda 's first major terrorist operation was due to Bin Ladin losing his base .
Jarrah would prefer to hit the white house .
A map will not be created as part of this inspection and repair .
Charles did n't need any more examples , he knew perfectly well what it meant .
You 're bothered by weather are n't you ?
I made that choice based on my dad 's opinion .
Are programs are highly subsidized to most schools .
What do you have to tell me about your children , exactly ; is it something you 'd be willing to publicly share ?
Students are only given the basic needed education .
The children did not want to see the hygiene student 's leave .
I did n't make as much progress as I hoped .
Anyone can find Miyares ' van in a crowded parking lot .
I hated everything Disney .
The task of developing an interdependent relationship with their community , is something Chinese , Japanese , Vietnamese , Guatemalan-Mayan , eastern Kentucky Appalachian cultural groups regard as the most important for a newborn infant .
Jarrah , the probable hijacker , attempted to instruct the passengers of flight 93 to sit down and remain seated .
No tales that the woman once told .
The popularity of casual-wear items has moved to the factory .
Foreign authors typically write in their native language .
A plane being safe while losing radio signal is about 1/10 .
A gift would be greatly appreciated .
He wanted to make sure the pilots understood their rules of engagement .
We 're close to the end of the fiscal year , will you help ?
Take your hand away from my knee .
Treating them poorly as if they 're unlettered lets us feel better about ourselves and our superiority .
Have you experienced any benefits from our campers ?
At 9:00 Gerard Arpey was notified that American 77 could not be reached .
A start is counting definitions .
Research is starting to give us answers about what causes SIDS .
Bin Ladin pleaded for Muslims to accept American assistance .
They put a particular effort into reassuring me that my decision either way on whether to stay in nursing will be respected , because they 've both suffered as a result of having loved ones criticise or invalidate their choices .
They could not respond because they were gagged .
The agent thought the passengers were suspicious because of the way they were acting .
There are others that require even more .
Did you bring a clipboard , if you went door to door ?
He was not ready to strike .
No efforts were made to uncover reports of a downed aircraft .
The FBI did n't find explosives in the wreckage .
The effects , when put together , are overwhelming .
Without your help they will not develop the skills to become leaders .
It took you an amazingly short time to build the house .
The Visiting Nurse Service Foundation could care less about your support , we do n't need it .
She had to recall a lot of poems by memory .
The details of what happened on the morning of September 11 inside the building are complex .
The size of the pattern is final and not adjustable .
Bin Ladin offered no support to militants in Iraq .
Do you ever tell the story about when we fell down the well ?
In addition to their social environment , children also make sense of their experiences even when alone .
As soon as the child can do it perfectly without assistance , give it the responsibility for that task .
Items are consistently miss-scanned at registers .
The Command Center informed Cleveland about the choice FAA personnel had to make .
They told me millions of different ones .
It 's not only the decreasing lead time of the quick-line plant that makes it competitive , it 's also the small amount of inventory .
The commanders ignored the urgent issue and did not help the cause .
I knew how to do it .
What could you know ?
NORAD recognized the danger of hijacked airplanes as weapons long before 9/11 .
We do not have a bomb .
The Goodwill is not interested in any gifts you may want to give .
You are not a kind person and wo n't ever help anybody .
When Rumsfeld talked to the Vice President , he was only getting situational awareness .
France is the base of NEADS .
All of them are reading and avoiding using their computer and watching tv .
Please remember that requests for donations to the Capital Campaign will come later .
May that happen to all the misguided readers .
The President of the United States it 's not safe in the White House .
The room was quiet the whole time with nothing unusual .
This Mother 's Day it is my hope that Wanda and the other female parents will be in your thoughts .
Clothespins were used to hang laundry on the clothesline .
You do n't feel as though there is much of a difference between high school and college ?
There have never been more than 10 National Guard teams authorized in the same year .
There is no evidence to suggest children ever enjoy reading or writing .
They refer to their fashion items as power tools .
The connections I was making was n't getting me anywhere in the music industry .
Fully automated die-cutters are extremely dangerous and should be avoided at all costs .
The Lewis and Clark journals must have been boring reading .
I still had a curfew , even though I had freedom , when I was home .
Staff reported they were trying to find Rumsfeld and Myers .
He asked if she knew where and what the guerrillas were doing .
The coat manufacturer is required to hold differing goods inventories for different items .
Volunteers are able to provide quality , informed leadership via communication tools like Safety-Wise , Happenings , along with event calendars and other materials 7 days a week , 24 hours per day .
There is a survey attached to it .
I 'll wring him , mister .
Wells ' spent nearly a decade writing The Time Machine .
He is the one in charge
Is what I did as bad as I think it was ?
Bin Ladin was eager to proceed with the plan as quickly as possible .
We were at the school .
Users would have wanted a longer list in that handbook .
Commonsense style books are useful to people without education to show them what things they should commonly know .
Even though the publisher unrevised proofs , they insisted that an index would be published along with it .
Mom , why are you not listening to me ?
Men and women alike say that .
Cleveland Center was called by the controller that took the decision .
Instead of taking a drink while dancing on a bouncy stick , imbibe the air laden with droplets of rain .
Bin Ladin used moderate Islamic traditions to inflame societies .
When parents and kids are together more , the result is parents socialize more .
Similar products usually have the same type of demand .
She read us a fairy tale every night .
The competencies they acquire are adaptive to the culture .
The first business that he ever opened was a small construction firm out of New Jersey .
During college I did n't think that I should call dad more often .
Please open the door .
New Jersey winters are so hot compared to Alaska 's .
Jim Lehrer made reference to black gold and diamond miners on strike in South Africa .
United 175 's communication stopped due to an error .
The following conclusion by a researcher who compared American with Japanese infants .
I 'm not going to have anything to do with pools this summer .
I wish you would speak like that more often in front of the girls .
People who need assistance , like Ted , will be helped if you donate .
I did n't say much .
In addition to several other prototypes , they thought that Proto-Celtic derived from Proto-Indo-European .
No web site is needed .
Variation in demand is welcome in all industries .
I do n't need any help dealing with my animals .
There are no cases nearly as convincing for Latin studies that reside on other grounds .
Muscat is on skid row .
It 's certainly gotten bigger .
Promoting skill growth by encouraging the child to find their own way .
The campus can serve as a forum for sponsored public lectures .
Language has three purposes : communication , social contact and influence .
There are at least two meanings of the word .
Children need the benefit from adult support when working on tasks that teach culturally valued concepts and skills .
I look forward to seeing that you are a member .
Traditional retailers were more profitable 35 years ago .
Are you going to stay here ?
Certain overly used terms were pointed out .
It has not been proven that he terrorists stabbed the flight attendants or that they had any nefarious intent .
Lee Hanson was on the phone to his son .
No one would ever read one of her books , so she is not accomplished .
The military aid had heard all that was said in the conference room .
I asked the Lord for advice , but he did not answer .
According to David Schmidt , the upgraded lounge is very important for the students .
Our faculty provides the community with no service due to their incompetence .
Bin Ladin did not own any businesses of his own .
We need thousands to millions f dollars in support .
They were not me to be a girl .
Informational technology can decrease the time needed for every process step .
If they were neatly organized I would prefer the dictionary to a greater extent .
As of today , we have been given commitments of roughly 40 percent .
We have been building new campuses and hiring new staff .
Many alumni have employers that will match what they give , as much as three to one .
Such stitching usually gives out before the fabric of the jeans does .
George F. Badger was a really good person academically .
Most religions of the world connect mother earth and fertility to women .
The Middle English did n't have idioms .
There are five sections that it has been split into .
You know , study , work hard , balance your time .
Duende is prominent , thus demonstrating an upper tier level of production .
Treating is for kids .
Information on customer demand does not help the suppliers .
SEND forms long-standing relationships with local churches .
However , they still refused to hand over the individuals involved in the assassination plot .
Cloth will expand upon cutting it when tight .
The IU School of Dentistry is the worst school in the world .
We do not hear about how it used to be .
There were many whimsical variants .
CAPPS flagged Majed Moqed , Khalid al Mihdhar , and Hani Hanjour .
I need to wipe this up today !
Sputnik 's launch took many years to plan .
It was too cold for anyone to be outside .
I have no trouble communicating facts about language to nonlinguists , but he struggles mightily .
The program could be important to productivity
Children 's social exchanges begin to inhibit how they think .
We had to read the book but we thought it was very interesting .
During play , Alison considers paint colors including those that are not the color of her room .
This is illustrated in Table 7.4 .
The language school ad was found in a linguistics magazine .
There were ten fighters that were sent out to clear the skies .
You 're a child , are n't you ?
Again , the time it takes in making a decision determines how long this process is .
These chapters examine the channel from 3 separate perspectives .
Store clerks are specially trained to scan with pinpoint accuracy and honed focus .
This does not apply to old-fashioned sewing operations .
There may have been differing views on that decision .
You know what they say about life , so many bullets , so many things .
Is that done a lot with people like Britney Spears ?
Steps are taken by the United Way of Central Indiana to ensure efficiency .
We have over 18 years experience working with young people .
He resonated with the Iraqi people suffering from sanctions .
Some of the students liked my previous activities better than the new one .
To achieve these deliverables donations will be necessary .
Early phases of the Industrial Revolution in England were linked to humans .
Mr Henn says that America translates to ` beautiful nation ' in Mandarin .
Pounds often locate owners by posting pet pictures on their Facebook page .
The workers get paid less when technology advances and pretty soon will be replaced by machinery completely .
We are making headway in the inner-city .
My mom brought me to see the doctor to have lunch .
We are glad for donations but do not believe anyone of you is that special .
After nine o'clock , the staff was planning to return to Washington .
The Third World Relief Agency did not provide relief at all .
Holidays are extremely stressful .
Please call us when you have a question
Islam contains some extreme and fundamentalist traditions .
Do they have that ?
The hijackers got unauthorized access to the cockpit .
Parents should never ask any questions
Jarrah was involved in the planning of the assault on the World Trade Center .
American 11 is no longer in the air and not heading towards any destination .
It is not clear whether or not Bland murdered Duncan .
An expansion of brass or iron could cause the cannon balls to fall loose and damage the ship .
More and more products are being made and sold which makes forecasting more challenging .
Hannah 's story suggests that young kids that do n't have support ca n't just get them later .
We only focus on a single line of action .
The commanding soldiers just stayed and fought themselves with no rotation .
SHe remembered first telling the Commander In Chief that it had been a small plane that hit the building .
We recalled the tale of the time you built the house .
Real time information about sales has changed the distribution chain .
While he was in Sudan , he maintained training camps for the military in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
Reading is a part of life .
Pounds are filthy and dangerous places to keep animals .
This plane is possibly the third one .
The journalist Charles Rappaport once joked that he masters ten languages , all of them being Yiddish , even though he actually speaks ten languages .
This focuses on the encouragement and support offered by the staff .
The old die can be used as many times as desired to change the size of the item to be cut .
What are their feelings toward your major ?
What , you said you were fifty two ?
FAA officials in Boston Center were aware of a hijacker on American 11 .
Children are often unhappy with giving up the things they want in service of rules .
Every parent is entitled care afforded by this option .
How can they be sure that a man in public is not really a woman ?
Is reading still something important that families should do nowadays ?
The guild 's institutions have become stronger than the Catholic Christianity .
You can keep your hand on my knee .
The British are less uptight about a woman 's body than Americans are .
Yiddish is written from right to left , and borrows words from a range of other languages .
Calling someone whose sex is known a chairperson is not so intelligent .
Bin Ladin agreed to help Turabi in their war in south Sudan .
Nobody in Britain associates the Crown with the Monarchy .
If operators are at 100 percent efficiency , the operations can be done in only 12 minutes .
The leader was not in the country .
The contributions provide a mentor and hope for a child .
The Christians were now in control in Khartoum .
They did not help anyone in the White House .
I remember tons of family togetherness when I was a kid , Hannah said .
There is still a great need .
The Apparel Design and Patterns before production .
Members get a package that has all the materials in it for learning how to have healthy kidneys .
Soon , you will hear from one of our volunteers .
In Map 33 we see the areas where the words child and bairn were popular .
The president found out about the crash from watching tv .
The takeover began less than an hour after takeoff .
The at-risk girls are paired with Big Sisters .
I would like a job up north teaching in an elementary school .
Kids who do n't understand why kidnappers are doing what they are doing thought they were good because the guy was funny .
Children 's social exchanges begin to influence how they think more than anything .
Slurvian was originated by German ancestors .
After the splitting of the atom , atoms were renamed to a word which signified `` easily split '' .
Most English words of Latin origin are compounds .
Community needs are increasing and your help and monetary donation is needed more than ever .
The Science Department is updating the labs because they are very out of date .
Sophie 's teddy bear and leprechaun play around the room till the wee hours when they are energetic .
A commonsense style book is useful to anyone with education and common sense who doubts something in the English language .
We never worked together .
Has radio silence been maintained ?
These students must be in the top 5 % of their class to qualify for the scholarship .
A domestic command is necessary for safety in this new age of terrorism .
Children of industrialized nations are smarter than Junn Quechua children .
Have you read The Poky Little Puppy to your children ?
The Vice president missed the whole meeting .
Bin Ladin traveled away from Sudan in 1996 .
Youths should be involved in alcohol , drugs and tobacco usage by the time they reach their adult years .
The adult goes `` pop '' after the clown emerges from the toy .
It is natural for development to follow the social influences surrounding people .
Those who are not familiar with English never question this .
The barn is used to store crops such as barley .
So it was nothing like what you enjoyed reading ?
The reason why I wrote this article is to show how redundant this feature is .
It was mid-December when the old woman took me to an ice skating competition .
We can easily purchase laptop computers that are greater than previous computers .
Maggy was not afraid of the storm and did n't talk to her mom .
There is no deadline for donations .
This is the only computer program that designers use when changing garment colors .
All slang terms used by one military generation are completely abandoned by future military generations .
Onomatoplazia was an article written by Chester
The United States has a trade embargo with China and does not use them for imports of goods .
We could not find anyone to make donations .
Junn Quechua children have less trouble with false-belief tasks than industrialized nation 's children .
Sweden has a significantly higher rate of infant mortality than Indiana .
Everyone believed that anything so engulfing to a child must be very important .
There are some uncertainties around the benefits of a welfare reform .
Social skills would be considered an outward area for them to pay attention to .
Call Sharyl or Kim with any questions .
He told us that the order had been sent down from NORAD .
All donations to Pleasant Run are used to pay bills and recompensate staff directly .
The first soldier arrived and told a woman to make six meals , because other soldiers were on their way .
Dictionaries should be able to be understood by almost anyone .
There was no order give to scramble at Langley .
These relationships are formed with donations .
More extensive information will be available soon .
This garnered public support , and allowed his organization to grow .
Donations of less than $ 1,000,000 dollars will be considered negligible .
She always loved my mom and was always nice to her , even before we kids were born
The cases suggest that only getting involved in a crisis can achieve enough .
The program was accessible only through partnership with Wal-Mart .
Permissive , tolerant
It is not clear how or why the shootdown order was communicated .
The reception will be held at the Hyatt Regency .
Full solutions .
By that age , I knew what was happening .
Repeat that slower so I can write it down .
A town said to be settled by the British ` Sodus does not exist .
He is being paid by her for the apartment .
We used to snap green beans on her back porch .
The Fasten Sealtbelt sign would have been turned on around this time as the flight attendants begun preparing for cabin service .
There is no way that someone can refer to this as a dictionary .
The Pentagon was hit while on the call .
If you move they will respond with violence .
How many pairs of boots are going to sell this season ?
No steps will be taken to help them overcome those abuses .
We put a fox in the aviary with the baby mallard .
The smoke filled the small apartment very quickly .
Not very much .
So it was much like the subjects you enjoyed ?
Some people make jewelry out of shells .
The Indiana Dental Association meeting will be held in Indianpolis in June .
Macbeth is given the go-ahead to cancel the bond .
They said , `` If they are there , then we will run on them '' to try to save the crew , passengers or buildings in larger public places from being attacked .
We had drills at the Elementary School .
Older preschoolers know people 's beliefs affect their behavior .
They have no idea how far up they will have to go .
It is quite difficult to control outcomes still .
Case 1 : Multiple Plants and production planning .
This is a tradition we should not let end .
I heard you got a job as a gravedigger .
The man mentioned to me .
He expressed love and admiration for the United States .
Researchers realize that normal kids show differences in pathways of change .
All of our alumni are unemployed and unemployable .
The house only had five rooms in total .
Many people have had the same experiences with them .
On the flight , there were 56 passengers .
Price reductions over the course of the season increased by 50 percent from 1948 to 1988 .
Bin Laden fancied himself as the leader of an international Jihad confederation with a very large global following .
The FAA tried to relay the information to NEADS as quickly as possible .
In the 80s , many prominent retailers were failing , filing for bankruptcy or being purchased .
NORAD spoke to the conference concerning a possible hijacking of Delta 1989 .
While not technically incorrect , it is not often done in a formal setting .
The museum is an uplifting and happy place to visit .
The landscape is going to be competitive in the near-future
The controller wanted to see if American Airlines could communicate with American 11
We do n't think what happened discredits NEADS or FAA , as it just shows we were unprepared as a nation .
Your monthly monetary gifts assist women with children to make their lives ' more stable and happy .
My grandma never smoked .
Mr. Whopsle had a cheery attitude .
Yeah , it 's ok , I guess you probably have to .
The Visiting Artist Program brings great artists to free public lectures .
The supervisor really did n't feel like passing up the notice .
Everyone agrees that SF stories can ignore facts and logic .
May that happen to all the misguided readers because they deserve it for being so stupid .
$ 400 pays for the program at an entire school , for up to 500 students .
In business , he found that he could excel ; on top of this , he really enjoyed it .
It is imperative for us to communicate with FAA about these matters .
Student loans and other methods of assistance became available .
Many single parents can not afford this option .
Automating sewing operations is usually very cost effective .
The camp only costs $ 100 per child
The role Al Qaeda played in organizing terrorist operations later changed .
Your memories are vivid just like theirs .
If you are interested , you can give us small gifts throughout the year , or you can give us $ 100 now .
The group was having a discussion about where to fly to .
Reaching backward into the market is a difficult , time-intensive process .
He discovered that the fighters were headed east over the ocean .
Both men spoke perfect English to each other .
You will be personally contacted so that we can tailor your partnership with us .
Six pairs in one marker will reach a maximum of 70 percent cloth utilization in any type of production .
Within is a document that you can fill out and send back with the postage paid envelope .
Someone who is in complete charge of a project , could be called a CEO or chief .
The kids are in dire straights with the family .
Did you like them ?
Everyone is capable of contributing at the level of the Maennerchor Society .
The fight against these governments is entwined with the fight against you , according to Bin Laden .
I have plans to take out the knives as soon as possible .
Literacy statistics have been progressively getting worse .
It 's not obvious why the book is like an almanac but it contains more diverse information on American writers than any other book .
Was that kind of hard for you , or - ?
What is the distance ?
A sheep who has lived for one year may be called a little whitey .
She said because of all of you we 're also going to die and we did nothing wrong !
COPES is a seven week course that teaches non-employed spouses how to file for divorce .
A witness remembered that there were four simultaneous decisionmaking processes going on at once .
There will be a reception for Century Club members during the Indiana Dental Association meeting .
The Vice President agreed to the proposal again .
We believe that the Vice President arrived into the room before 10:00
The report referred to an aircraft that existed .
Sweeney called Woodward on a private line .
The social encounters give kids a lot of chances to hear people talk about their mental states and how things make them feel .
The total come from taxes we charge on merchandise .
People not familiar with Western Australia would read a map and find the actual results to be misleading .
The situation never .
I only ever talk about bad news when I write to you .
Charles Dickens always created vivid and detailed images in his novels .
Alas , it is basically like my second home .
IUPUI is a public university .
The radar showed the fighter jets taking off at 8:53 AM .
A petty nation who did n't contribute anything to history .
Chester Delaney did not write in his lifetime
The bowl .
The military aide believed that he heard a conversation between the Vice President and the President .
The main target of Jarrah was to land the plane safely .
Retailers are picking and packing orders for their individual stores .
We brought them away during the afternoon .
There is no coefficient or variable to represent variation in weekly demand .
Residents of Idaho may partake in this tax credit form also .
Some children who weave or sell items in the street are behind on tasks devised for Western children .
It seemed so horrifying at the beginning .
Chapter VI , entitled Great Expectations , shows us how .
Muslims believe that the revelations are the rest of God 's message to humanity .
They used past events to spur on the people now .
Alligators are also an available choice .
They need to be shoved back now .
She had a preferred brand to use for smoking .
This is the main reason for the miscommunication .
You plagiarized this and called it your own work .
A guy has a brown paper bag hiding his whiskey .
Bin Ladin urged that Americans be driven from Saudi Arabia .
The events are for ekderly people only
Money can buy hope .
The process of making women 's dresses gives us another illustration .
Boldface type is practically indistinguishable from lightface running text .
You may join the Chairman 's Roundtable with your gift of $ 1,000 or more .
To make North Carolina happy ?
Card did not agree with the Secret Service agent . .
Many people line up around the block for many things such as iPhones .
After boarding the aircraft , he asked the secret service if his family was alright , then he called the vice President .
The jihads actions were dependant on to Soviets .
You got information yet , United 93 ?
The cockpit voice recorder data said that a woman was being held captive and then had been killed .
He got out of the tunnel quickly when he heard about the Pentagon .
A couple sentences about something
Perdue will not reach its goals without your help .
The new degree , Masters of Planning , is very challenging to get through .
Focuses predominately on providing educational materials and toys for children to use at home .
It is required that you RSVP with the enclosed response card .
In comparison to the average of all manufacturing and nondurable manufacturing wages have gone up .
Sadat was not assassinated and lived .
We found no evidence showing anyone sat there on this flight .
A boy is awakened by a werewolf outside .
I will absolutely be prepared for the change .
Only later would it be looked at as a complete failure .
There is a tension between adding new varieties of fashion and replenishing more of the products .
Vomiting .
I have never heard of The Making of the President series before today .
The law alumni board has the uppermost authority in the school .
United Way of Central Indiana adds value by performing research quarterly .
Children who liked their teachers performed better in school .
This year 's campaign at the Annual Meeting was a horrible failure .
It is easy for different Chinese speakers to communicate verbally using different regional languages .
These images , in themselves , are just plain wrong .
The battle commander tried to devise a strategy to stop the plane .
Retail depletion performance .
The Department of Defense has a coordinator who had a seat on the interagency committee and was involved in decision making with the FBI .
Acolytes can only be men .
To cut off air in the room from the cloth , a thin sheet of plastic is used .
Employment in women 's blouses and skirts decreased from 1979 to 1997 because the decrease in women working out of the home .
Robinson and Godbey say our pace is fast compared to int he 1950 's .
Truck bombs were of no interest to Bin Ladin , having failed to kill anyone using them .
I prayed , and asked , what can we do ?
Private support from alumni and friends has been able to keep us afloat .
Here at The Salvation Army , we do not set goals .
Is that what it was , you think ?
Our state funding ca n't support all of the costs associated with the school .
We help people in the community , and they help us .
Trying to prove that language is intrinsically sexist is seen as ridiculous and even comical .
Newspaper and magazine editors do a poor job of properly hyphenating words .
The children need to be taken out of their unstable homes .
They allowed their critics to voice their opinion .
Articles and pronouns make these tricky .
I am too relaxed about losing my job .
At five feet and two inches , Bin Ladin was very short and out of shape , despising athletics .
70 percent of that number are house pets with good homes .
This is because America went so long dunking on Britian that we have a lot of stereotypes .
Learning to cope with the disability was the hardest feat that Miyares ever faced .
There were three employees of the FAA experienced with multiple hijackings .
It is wonderful to be able to write this letter to you , as a special friend of my wife .
That the inventory checks are conducted weekly by the retailer is one of the assumptions .
Jessica felt really bad after she remembered Tyrone 's zone .
MCCOY has developed youth councils , bus passes , and information lines specifically for youths .
Adult support the child no matter that happens .
He does what ?
Speed of delivery is n't being used to calculate competitiveness .
Three different voices can be heard .
This year 's tuition is $ 6250 .
He showed me to the newspaper clipping every day .
The Audubon Network is not included with the membership .
He is making a lot of money working for himself right now .
91 percent of workers in the sewing department were sewing machine operators in 1990 .
I 've deposited some money in my savings account .
Girl Scouting has a lot of donor , totaling $ 300,000 a year .
Someone gave the necklace to mom as a gift .
The coefficient can vary from zero to one for wildly fluctuating weekly demand .
A When someone is half cocked they are out of control .
We would stick our heads out the window where we could hear clearly the cars coming .
Bono announced my prize .
She performs no operation in the bundle .
The autopilot on American 77 was turned off by the hijackers at 9:29 at approximately 7,000 feet , 38 miles from the Pentagon .
The Russian language is very similar in form and structure to French and Spanish .
Last year was when I was introduced to dentistry .
Now that you got a big television , I bet you watch a lot of it .
They had killed him was the message being spread around .
Men were taking church valuables to the second floor .
Choose to buy Audubon products that have special prices .
60 % of our budget comes from the United Way of Central Indiana .
The Science Department is not renovating the facilities any time soon .
There is n't an English Department at IUPIU , right ?
I have never taken it as a child .
This was announced over the PA system .
It is disconcerting to consider the idea of a stack of cannon balls at the mercy of the expansion of metals on a heavy sea .
SEND invests in the Greater Fountain Square area to improve life for the low-income residents .
Donating to Pleasant Run results in children getting presents .
For that stretch of time , they were homeless .
I do not think you would like the milk .
It 's probably too late unless you 're going to take an SAT or GRE , then you need this book .
The discussion had ended 20 minutes before the crash .
She smacked my chest after I screamed at her .
Innovation and expansion in how they use the four practices is something some suppliers pursued .
A male reader may think that the author views things as hatred of women .
The Third World Relief Agency had no branch offices .
Investments in preschool education for the less fortunate can help me break the family cycle of poverty .
Did those experiences help you figure out the books you liked ?
I 'm apathetic to that .
Using more complicated machines is n't always ideal in factories .
The death of her father was emotionally scarring .
It 's not something that just happens .
The Sphinx was n't very friendly .
Al Qaeda later took on a different role when it came to terrorist operations .
The way knit fleece goods are sewn in factories differs a bit to how they are sewn at home .
I 've not been able to corroborate this explanation because everyone else left the island .
Piaget had beliefs in regard to children 's make-believe and how it impacts their life .
That sounds extremely boring .
Why was it important to you to stay where you were , in Charlotte ?
How old were you when she told you the story ?
As a donar to the school of dentistry you are paying to help these dental students eat .
Some children never figure out that some TV programming is not real .
The subassembly for collars is usually on the left side of the center aisle .
When was your graduation ?
I am going to be able to go and I said that I would go .
I do n't think I 'll be doing that again , too much hassle .
I did not chuck him out the door .
Employees engaged in textile manufacturing tend to be disgruntled .
How much we have is generally relative .
Vets like to point out screw ups .
The industry changed their practices to keep up with others in the industry .
The parent or teacher steps in when they know the child is actually stuck .
You know something ?
Your help is really needed and would be appreciated .
Spiking one 's guns came to mean '' to kiss your enemy . ''
The second copy was dwarfed by the first
You can help the school honor Dr. Phillips by contributing to an endowment that will help him continue to work .
The Sunni are currently the majority sect after violent struggle occurred at some point in its history ,
Everybody today knows what it is like to support themselves .
It is very easy to connect the author 's life to their writing .
Oy is not a versatile word at all .
They transformed the relations in food and grocery industries in order to be more efficient .
Feminist writers do not write about colonialism
Woodward was told that passengers in coach were purposely led to believe that there was a medical emergency .
I found it to be awkward whenever I was home on break .
He is down , stabbed by the hijacker .
Syllabication of headwords was not considered to be an important feature in British the Collins English Dictionary .
These types of learning are believed to be the most conducive to young minds .
She wondered about bringing one preteen from the city to where she is now .
Private or community dental hygiene careers are exciting and rewarding .
Technology has helped operators .
The people we help are faced with huge obstacles .
We are currently not accepting any new membership applications .
The law school received $ 38,912 in matching gifts from over fifty companies in 1989 .
Sweeney was trying to tell the people on the ground about what happened .
They do not think it is from the aircraft .
The military had notice of the hijackings hours before they impacted .
Modern tongues have evolved from several ancient languages mixed together .
Did he let you watch tv ?
It 's been five years .
Intelligence said the bomb was linked to Iran .
It is not possible to drape photos in different coloured material .
All of the state 's dollars go to the project .
Do not attempt to find out whether or not the company that employs you or your spouse offers a matching gift program by asking within the personnel office .
Was it the cheapest one which you chose ?
It gets easier when there are two meanings .
Defense created the National Guard WMD Civil Support Teams to deal with a small lone wolf attack .
More than two people entered the checkpoint at 7:18 .
We now see green moss , yellow sand , and blue-green conifers as we round the bend .
The President said the country should n't see an excited reaction during the crisis and that he would project calm .
Making money is something that I really like to do .
I like the author C.S. Lewis .
I looked at old movies .
This infrastructure of information was used in order to provide customers with information regarding sales .
The shipping dock proved to be more of a cost than the savings created in other areas .
To discover that one who has been tagged out at home plate is the victim of an out-throw .
Is Iron Man your favorite superhero ?
Operators have been able to save time through the assistance of technology .
The passengers and flight crew made phone calls .
A lot of research confirms that overloading kids makes them organized in behavior .
Our goal this year is $ 75,000 .
It was bad fortune to be cradled under a gun carriage .
Three pools is more than I ran last summer .
Garments that have unique design elements are usually in a larger variety of sizes to wear .
I only want to hear stories about sexy vampire girls .
She was fine , eating .
He never got any kind of computer training .
Denim has its origins in Latin .
The Retail Fallout caused the destruction of the world .
Cheris Kramarae , Paula Treichler and Ann Russa were strong supporters of feminism .
There is only something wrong with what people do with the images .
I want you to get off at the next stop .
The kids know what they are doing now
I remember everything now .
Are you able to recall which person told you the story ?
Federated 's financial difficulties lead them to unload large chunks of inventory at a loss .
That is just speculation because no one knows for sure where the plane is .
For employers , rewarding workers with better conditions had unforeseen consequences .
Only young boys would think this , not those familiar with drunkenness and gluttony .
Pattern pieces are absolutely never cut from the lay .
Everyone was certain that the bomb was real and would kill them all .
Final consumers have less diversity in choices of shirts these days .
I talked with American Airlines , who said a flight attended was threatened but safe so far .
Americans perfectly understand British accents .
Customize the bench however you see fit .
It 's interesting how impressionable , young people are to stories .
Also , no one is expected to be able to do that in the future .
The suppliers that continued to innovate in their use of the four practices consistently underperformed in the industry .
I don ' particularly like it that way .
The tax credits are only available to those who have filled out lots of paperwork .
Our 1992 survey investigates production lead times .
The VP knew they had an hour to make the decision .
They were ghosts .
Every kid is lucky like Nick .
The statue in question is in Brazil .
You would like a cracker !
I do n't have anyone to help me , here .
The end of a product 's life cycle can see high demand variation .
The Goodwill employee told the group that they would never be able to earn a decent living .
The alumni and friends of the school contributed .
All passengers said that there were four hijackers on the plane .
Miyares had no idea that he had diabetes before the hospitalization .
Placing another ply on top is the next step of the process and so it ca n't be avoided .
Not many words are derived from others of German origin .
They gave support to military groups to deal with the attack .
I hope you wo n't join our organization .
Ricky counted items as they passed him .
The crowds ate their picnic lunches .
The two flight attendants were alerted of the stabbing .
Information technologies within the context of the preassembly stages of garment-making are examined in Chapter 8 .
He could not milk the cow because of all the violence and chaos .
Alison 's imagination is limited to the props before her .
A large percentage of apparel goods sold are basics .
Do you remember any of the movie names ?
The controller was eventually able to decipher the words .
Killing an American soldier is more effective than wasting time on anything else .
In what ways is the YWCA different from other agencies that provide the same services ?
What was going to high school in Charlotte like ?
In addition , the whole donaton of $ 1,000,000 can not be itemized as a federal income tax deduction .
Tomahawk missiles have never been launched by the U.S. government .
United 93 never received a warning .
Your mother loved it , she was really happy about that .
The bull was getting angry .
Every machine has an automatic thread-trimmer to do this step .
An admiral declared he was cradled under the breast of a gun carriage .
The people are proof that the investment is worth it because their outcomes are greatly improved .
Islamic insurgents did not train in the Middle East , preferring to travel to Russia for easy access to Soviet-era arms .
The President was in a classroom when the second plane hit .
Dental hygiene is an unrewarding and boring career path .
People do n't love hearing things like fictional stories .
A senior NMCC operations officer reached out to the FAA at 9:00 but was ignored .
It 's hard to fully explain how camp can have a significant effect on a child .
Collins likes English people more that Scottish people .
My mother is the only one who believes me these days .
He saw Israel as the priority for the next stage because he was a Palestinian .
Their lawyers were not the best when preparing various documents .
We created the IGGS Scholarship to help Geology major undergraduates with their tuition costs .
The collarbone is the best bone to break .
Someone told me about someone they knew who read some books .
The doctor was able to heal her leg .
The machine will create a set of completed sleeves .
There are too many professional spaces with inadequacies .
It makes a good bedtime story .
Survival tips are very important for fourth year dental students in particular .
Infants attempted all manner of signals including facial expressions and vocalizations .
There was a dispute over the number of hijackers on the plane .
The dispatchers did not achieve it .
David is the Associate Dean .
Onomatoplazia is really confusing and most people do n't know what it means .
Deb and her worked diligently all the time and were a great team .
In treating the trauma of their unfortunate childhood , this is only a beginning .
Through talking with others , we try to understand puzzling events we hear about in the news .
My sister has never written any stories regarding that subject .
They loaded the churches pews onto a small car and it just would n't run after .
None comes from Spanish words
There were lots of different kinds of people in my school .
Kevin is a father to a 2-year-old girl named Sophie .
Do you believe it has differed a great deal ?
Our teachers are happy to be working so closely to the community .
No one ever thinks of the implications of ideas .
It is important that we finish this .
There are many times that a particular order interrupts the flow of production in a typical sewing plant .
There are many power tools that people refer to as fashion items .
Cleveland was prepared to dial 911 .
The FAA lived up to its reputation in providing information to the military .
In addition to seeing it in printed form , photos can also be seen on the computer 's local network or on the internet .
The Taiwanese majority refuse to learn Mandarin despite it being mandatory in school curriculums .
That is not the case when reconstructing ancient languages .
`` Do Mistake'Learn Better '' is the language 's school attempt at ironic advertising .
MCCOY has not developed anything behind the scenes .
The notch cuts are listed and pointed out on the marker .
Men 's names come after women 's , they are therefore a subjugated group .
The state has substantially increased spending for all manner of financial support services .
The organization included many branches to manage its operations .
Second system interferes with the first system .
Please do not lend us your support , as it 's not important .
Part challenge .
They voted to retake the plane that day .
There are multitudes of nonbelievers deemed to be deserving of death .
I hope that I can convey the importance of the American Cancer Society but writing to you again .
Genes are one of the largest determinants of how children turn out .
They demanded that I sell them cheese , yoghurt and milk .
Your gift to Goodwill is not appreciated because it hinders our ability to support work .
You will definitely understand what your contribution to Goodwill will mean .
100 percent of the individual pieces are on the marker .
I am now able to say that I am extremely similar to my father .
One of the four hijacked airplanes did not consider the consequences of having an active transponder .
The sewing room has had a hard time integrating technological innovations in .
Claiborne simply describes the obvious , and does n't say anything the reader does n't already know .
I should still put my money on professional lexicographers rather than on M and S
Do you know who Pierre is ?
The matter at hand is more complex and delicate than expected .
Nordstrom showed real dedication to customer service by doing this .
She did n't show that she was upset or that she knew they were going to crash .
She kept soup labels .
I came down from San Miguel to tell him I wanted to stay .
Bin Ladin had ignored the United States until 1998 .
They were never told stories when they were little .
I have read a book that described an abalone shell .
Everybody knew about the hijacking .
al Qaeda 's first major terrorist attack was in 1993 .
Duende from Valencia tastes much better than paella does .
Your past support included financial support to the program
We have established that we need no private support for the program .
Even though W9 is very accurate in explaining vocabulary and dictionary entries , it is imprecise about on another matter .
Daddy , get the girls to buy the cigarettes .
I will make the improvements and changes .
The first soldier arrived and told a woman to make six rations , because other soldiers were on their way .
People at the school are fascinated by his work .
If we remain separate , our efforts will be middling at best .
Your contribution to the cause will aid others .
Mary was not a virgin , she lied to save face .
In December of 1998 , 31,484 were served by CCI , right in their own backyards .
Safire shuns word-play but embraces copying the work of others .
The conversations are good to develop the mind as well .
The events of the past will not .
There were no terrorists who had any idea how to fly an airplane .
The faculty is not supportive or encouraging at all .
Apparel design includes dirtier and complicated jobs than fashion designing and modeling .
When the gunfire had started , there was light .
Our great school thanks you for your ongoing support !
Getting one million dollars from you and 161 other people would make us very appreciative .
Don Quixote was listed in the dictionary and not the appendix .
Thanks for helping us imagine a cancer-free future !
I could not get anything to read .
I ask you every year for support .
The tenor 's performance was boring and the audience was waiting for the good parts .
American narratives were bad for children 's behavior and development .
Sydney 's case is categorized by puzzle pieces with same shapes of rectangles .
Doctors and lawyers are also examples of adult agents .
Cameron gave Urban independence .
It 's possible to seam more than 13 inches a second .
The new genre is clear and loved by everyone .
They learned more about people that they had n't met before .
It was confirmed through the youth mapping process , that positive opportunities for younger people on weekend evenings were lacking .
Did he teach you how to drive the car ?
Your interest in dental hygiene education has been appreciated .
We hear over the phone that one aircraft is down .
Abdel Rahman moved to France .
There are over 400 individual volunteers in our organization .
We do not address self-sufficiency .
She groaned as she rested her face amongst her hands .
Is it a ball ?
A product that 's basic is better for retailing in a lean fashion due to the fact that the style stays in the product line for a longer period of time .
Five-year pledges do n't matter and if you pledge we wo n't recognize you in any way .
The vocabulary is obsessed with clouds .
He did n't know about the plane hijacking for awhile .
Could she want something else ?
Rusine should be added to the Spanish words .
What grade are you in ?
There are grievances felt towards the United States in the Muslim world .
The Muslims have a good chance of working well and stably .
The designation of the correspondents has become repetitive and cliche .
Losing the information from past years ' selling patterns would not be a big deal .
Can you read yet ?
Dead people are like this .
The findings aim to convince its readers that how children behave in front of their parents tell something about their parent 's child-rearing skills .
They had restrictions about how they may have sex
Perhaps your contributions could even save a child 's life .
The message that I got from my Grandmother 's story was that I would always have a special connection with God and that I could do anything , I just needed to believe .
The English language is amongst the hardest language to learn .
There is clearly an act of terrorism in this situation .
The orders required approval to be given to proceed .
The city we moved into was new and fresh .
Personally meaningful unique experiences are always retained easily .
I was always interested in heroic things , so I read a lot of those things .
None of them had flown planes before .
You are one of the best candidates to become a sponsor for JCC Auction ' 99 .
At the new millennium , child development became stagnant and unstudied .
Within 10 to 15 minutes of their planned departure times , three of the flights had taken off .
The first thing mentioned is a philosophical discussion on why you should stop eating sushi .
Philip Gove wanted to save time .
All ancient places have been investigated .
My friend and I would always stay in the back of the bus to fool around .
The textile and apparel sectors worldwide have changed since the introduction of information-integrated channels .
We did not deserve anything and neither do these students .
He betrayed all his connections , and as a result , lost them all .
The terrorists tied the flight attendants because they were in the way .
No one at the FFA headquarters receives notifications of incidents .
Gifts are essential for providing support , including maintaining offices , recruiting guest speakers , and hiring new faculty .
There are no difficulties supporting the frequency .
Bin Ladin went into hiding after the attacks in Washington .
Thus , I have been proven wrong .
They did not receive an answer one way or the other .
In the past they would bring their lunches to school .
There 's no need to tell the military about this .
The Cleveland Center still had the signal from the transponder .
Turabi resented the fact that al Bashir ws not under his thumb .
The channel components form the table of contents .
The price of the camp is $ 225
They disobeyed their caregivers and refused to go to bed .
I was excited to be able to go to the event .
We could make the best contributions to the school as individuals .
I have fingers .
Children have some level of current knowledge .
Will they never ?
Parts of Europe are still illiterate .
There 's no invoice available for your gift .
I am having trouble remembering .
NEADS personnel was confused about certain details about the order .
It has , because my grades are awesome !
Although there have been advances our work is n't completed yet .
Fighters were confirmed by the Vice President to engage aircraft that were hijacked .
Abu Ubaidah al Banshiri was never in any committees and was not in any way affiliated with Al Qaeda .
The white dress shirts were the most comfortable to wear .
The amount of finished goods in the distribution center is also needed to satisfy monthly SKU demands .
I understand that the Vice President had no involvement in any way .
Despite the fact that a perfect balance is probably impossible to achieve in a production line , managers often strive for it as a target .
Not quiet .
The children remember the talk about what people do .
It was confirmed that other planes had landed .
We had a great many books .
Cobuild had originally included several of the terms included in CED , but removed them for being too niche .
Profits declined because less sales were missed .
No one cares about public education anymore so schools are n't being funded like they used to .
At 9:36 PM , the FAA 's Boston Center called NEADS and related the discovery .
The changes mostly involve the integration of new syllabi .
A study of the relationship between working fathers and high-performing pre schoolers .
All former military members have their preferred errors .
When I was four I was happy .
She wondered what would happen if she could bring an adult from the city .
Erection can have some dirty connotations that catch the eye .
If something is wrong , we must get to the root of it to decipher a cure .
Secular regimes had little to off in way of legitimacy .
The NEADS air defenders had advance notice for all of the hijacked planes .
Manuel Torres is an Andalusian artist .
The majority of automation equipment operates during the preassembly phase .
There was nothing left to do .
Dialogue is important to developing English skills .
I visited last spring .
I am writing you to see if your mom is dead yet or if she 's still hanging in there .
Students are motivating and excited and nothing causes that to change .
Someone or something is attacking America .
The bag he checked was loaded on the plane after being screened for explosives .
I believe a manual would have helped the situation .
The word `` garlic '' is of medieval French origin .
American employers are slowly increasing coverage for their employees .
Please do not make any of your check payable to IU Foundation .
One must investigate thoroughly .
Black gold and diamond miners on strike in South Africa are being talked about often by people like Jim Lehrer .
Not a single one of these .
Each person said the teleconference had had no affect on how the actions after 9/11 were organized .
Thankfully , not all reports are as terrifying as Hochschild 's .
Tell me about Spiderman .
The only god-like female figure in the bible is the Virgin Mary .
The program should be supported financially .
The average user has a critical eye and is unlikely to misinterpret the information .
I hope Maledicta has no more interviews .
Who told you those stories ?
Men usually assigned their work to review .
Can you help me move my livestock to Chapeltique ?
While living in the hills of TN , I rode a mule to school .
He was trying to hard to get me to go .
The aircraft was clearly identified .
Arlie Hochschild spent a single week at Americo and decided not to continue the study .
Cloth produced by the knitting machine was of similar quality to cloth from the loom .
Young people enter the school system and go level by level through different instutions .
We discovered the causes of conflicts between young people .
I believe your support is negligible at best .
Flight United 93 received a warning .
The whistle did n't make any sound .
We brought them back in the afternoon after we saw that .
Customers often send unique confirmation requests .
They asked if the message could be repeated .
Without hints , it would be too difficult for the problems to be solved .
The Family Studies Journal is planning something else , too .
I read The Journals of Lewis and Clark last week .
Novel toys can be frightening for young children .
Your gift will help support our work by increasing our resources .
The progressive bundle system means work is generally grouped into production lots of 20,000 shirts or more .
There has been a shift , by force , of textile firms adapting to information-integrated channels .
The second call continued for hours .
The organization cares .
The operation ruined two US planes which crashed in Libya and were destroyed .
Mitch is not fearfully distressed and has a good mood .
We know exactly how long it would have taken for the FAA to provide such information .
At last , he retired and stopped working a job that he hates .
Authoritative parenting is not linked to any aspects of competence .
Was it you who jotted this down ?
We truly value your donation .
The public assistance money will still be spent .
Duncan has been alive in the whole book
The Marnnerchor society is the most expensive society to join in the history of mankind .
The Retail Uprise .
The passengers were too scared to fight back .
I am not interested at all in the topic of cancer .
The books are superior to the columns because of the vast increase in writer-reader interaction present .
Miyares had no problems adjusting to the disability .
In this Bible story Jesus asked the parents to keep the children still and quiet while he spoke to the adults .
Herron students are honoured with gifts from companies and individuals .
The school likes money , so more money means they like you more .
You do not know very much .
I forgot to mention to you that when the soldiers came to my house , the guerrillas were not there yet .
The funds are planned to be used to help the homeless people
US commanders decided Aidid was the biggest source help in keeping the soldiers safe .
Many Americans do not know the history , culture and body of beliefs Bin Ladin has used for his message , however they are more than willing to dissect it and find out .
The development of a website is an important first step .
Trenches happened in the Civil War , not just World War I.
You can help more than 220,000 people in central Indiana next year by investing in the community through this partnership via your generous doantion .
Reading is greater than watching television , it makes you smarter .
I think that 's where the song came from because it sounds Jamaican .
The technological infrastructure of the school needs to be updated .
There is n't any intelligent life on this planet .
This amount will triple in 1996 .
He is currently working in a dead end job .
J.C. Penney is n't the only company to have had an internal data communications network before its use with suppliers .
Some sewing operations for knit goods cut the fabric four inches from the needle .
Ballinger 's message was delayed in being remitted .
Once the economy turned up everyone who needed a job found one .
The British did it out of a sense of justice , knowing women were being wronged .
You do n't need paint thinner or anything like that , do n't worry .
Children tend to follow the rules when playing pretend because they want rewards from their parents .
We will come back to this in a few minutes .
Early language development can be fostered by this joint attention .
We would appreciate it if you would mind your own business and stop trying to support your neighbors .
The passengers of the aircraft were forced to the back by the hijackers .
I did n't know which threat to pursue .
You will detest the Herron School of Art and Gallery and have nothing to do with it .
The cloth must be spread in as many layers as can be cut .
These kids need your continued support . Please consider renewing .
I think the kid said something about needing to poop or something , but honestly I was trying to block out whatever he was saying .
Articles should be considered when doing these .
Finished goods inventory is a state in which relatively stable Manufacturers are wary of .
The word may have been used to show where the powder and balls for guns were kept .
Dad , get the cigarettes yourself .
NORAD would have sent their fighters to take out the engines of United 93 .
Speak to me about Batman .
Please send as much as you are willing to spend .
We need to know about whether you can write short stories .
The State Police in West Virginia were contacted regarding reports of fallen aircrafts .
Groundbreaking and state-of-the-art scientific research .
The correspondence the Collins publishing company receives mostly regards the syllabication of headwords .
I try to teach them to earn what they get and to be active in making their lives better .
It is very nerve-wracking to go through a procedure like that .
Not long after , my copy of MUSKRAT RAMBLE had been stolen .
The Visiting Nurse Service Foundation thanks you for your very large contribution .
The would never be approved no matter what .
I 'm a bit bummed but it 's cool , I guess you really have to .
I majored in Pre-business my first semester of college .
Louie was over four feet tall driving the bus .
They 're making trenches for the upcoming battle with the French .
These dialogues happen often because kids and adults never spend time together .
Retailing electronically has both potential applications as well as things that it 's not able to do .
What 's your age ?
This was only the second time Charles Burlingame and David Charlebois flew together .
The terrorist was willing to work with the country of Iraq .
Only 1 million pounds of litter are picked up by the volunteers .
Call Tammy Jackson at 264-7555 ext. to RSVP by Tuesday , November 2nd .
Junn Quechua children have more trouble with false-belief tasks than industrialized nation 's children .
J.C. Penney uses an internal data communications network to work with its suppliers .
Proponents of Latin education find the vocabulary-building argument a potent one .
Do you like being with me ?
None of my family members have ever served in the military .
There is no committee for the event .
You can touch , see , and hear the most important benefit of your membership .
The organization did n't get invited .
I read most of the fiction books we had .
Reading truly is fundamental .
Giving your support will help to find people gainful employment with better pay .
We will end with definitions and synonyms .
You need to do it right
The answer is no .
The letter is to denounce your classmate and his life .
Not all fantasy is for wish fulfillment among small children .
Many disengaged from al Qaeda because they were afraid of retribution .
NEADS was given shootdown authority at 9:45 .
I dislike poetry because it is boring .
However , everybody 's family is good in their own way .
it appears that good aspects of W were taken and added to other excellent material by the editors .
She is n't going to remember the train trip across the country .
Labor , business , and politics have many differences in the United States .
Will you get gifts for people this year ?
Next year 's tuition will definitely be more than $ 6250 .
Since we operate across the state , we can do all of this .
Finally , she slapped her face with her hands and started talking gibberish .
There are no relationships between the apparel producers and retailers .
Stories make ten times the impression on a young person .
It 's easier to buy presents for people than to make them .
Many dental schools are closing or cutting back on programs .
Historians have often discussed the one estate of the Western world , religion .
Defense Department officials relied on the NMCC 's air threat conference which included the FAA from the beginning .
Your financial donations helped us build facilities for students .
The adjective perjink is a Scottish word found in Chambers .
Goodwill teaches employees life skills to help them out .
Somebody who received a call from the plane asked her caller if the hijackers had guns or other weapons .
Hannah commented on how she could n't remember much family togetherness as a kid .
A guy has nothing in his hands .
Do you remember how old they were ?
His pillow was immaculately white and clean despite the multiple injuries he sustained .
Your work was absolutely great .
The mind of a child is a complex place .
No business firm has ever allowed a casual day for office attire .
The most effective way to scaffold is by determining the child 's current level of knowledge .
The sports activities are all coeducational .
The measurements must be moved to a specific CAD system .
I find that tadachi ni is frequently written in two words .
Long leaves of more than 6 weeks were shown to be beneficial for babies .
It was brought up before in a newspaper in London .
Please donate tomorrow .
The vocabulary is obsessed with water because they have none of it .
The President was lying about not being aware of the fighters .
In 1971 , he tried and failed to open a construction firm , and so he gave up his dream of owning a business .
Profitability is measured via total revenue divided by total costs .
These go through a course of development which produces the smartest children .
I created this concept on my own from scratch .
The Boston Center controller never got a third transmission from American 11 because it had crashed .
Giles said an explorer 's experience is like a baptism .
Yiddish is the soul of a people living out the good and bad of life .
Are you old enough ?
What took away opportunities in the American apparel and textile industries ?
Did you enjoy performing with the other characters ?
That war of 1812 produced disgruntled veterans just like other wars .
The Hadith has a lot of Mohammed 's sayings and deeds recorded .
Such a small donation is really of no value to us .
It might be helpful to create a marker that combines the different orders using the same fabrics .
They failed in defeating the security system and no hijacking took place .
The airlines were responsible because they 'd let passengers on that looked suspicious .
We need to collaborate as quickly as possible for the benefit of everyone .
Parents needs to spend more time cooking and reading .
The quote above will show the emphasis .
This guild of scholars is a very successful enterprise .
We lived thousands of miles from Honduras and El salvador .
A gun 's hammer is an essential component in firing .
A few years ago there were hardly any applicants .
The full donation of $ 1,000 , in addition , can be itemized as a federal income tax deduction .
My mother does not want me to have two majors .
I never knew that !
The local grocery store was about three or four blocks away .
Gonzalez did not report anything .
If I was working elsewhere than here .
The book was completely irrelevant .
Schools do are not exempt from paying the full price for our programs .
The private-label programs grew in the 1960 's .
That stuff was utterly boring for me .
They were able to remove all the shrapnel except the one in his eyebrow .
Mass customization is akin to Satan worship , and should never be used as a system in any factory .
They comprise the category of Semantic Clue Elements .
There are n't that many stories of my dad 's childhood .
If young girls get on the wrong track , only 10 % return to a stable life style .
This is because what consumers deem to be fashionable can change very rapidly .
Their mother was controlling .
Demand uncertainty costs have increased for retailers of apparel .
The FAA feels that the statements were a good reflection of its work .
Residing here has been a good overall experience for me though my mother being from the north wants to move back there .
I asked Will Hays Jr. if he knew the etymology of the word `` shotlgass '' , but he did not .
Rosy had seen the tune with just one name .
The time it would have taken for NEADS to locate the target is unknown .
Using a single garment is much more efficient than using bundles .
I 've never read any books .
I talk to my mom on the phone a lot more than my dad .
A large town in Czechoslovakia .
Reductions in state funding has no impact on higher education .
The eldest of my older sisters .
I 'm writing because I would like you to support the Moving Company .
There is no correlation between the fundamentalist movements and politics .
Consumers attain textiles direct from the apparel-makers .
Self sufficiency are usually formed during the teenage years of a person 's life .
Daly was a friend of Virginia Woolf .
Just a simple response with the form attached indicating your preferences you can begin to support the girls .
Our neighbor nearby .
Texans began to pick up a speech habit around the 1960s .
Constructing narratives has no impact on how a child behaves .
He did n't make any contributions to help orthodontic students .
Mass distribution of goods and information was affected by technological innovations such the steam power .
What are you currently majoring in ?
I need to be worried .
A witness remembered that there were two simultaneous decisionmaking processes going on at once that morning , a voice conference by the NMCC and the White House video teleconference .
The controller was unhappy about the contact from the other controller .
There is n't a point in continuing on .
We have been able to accomplish more this year than last year .
The baby has learned that the AR-15 is only a semi automatic rifle .
Crisis Managers had already began warning other aircraft .
Bin Ladin initially settled in Baghdad .
The first 5 to 8 years of life are regarded as the least sensitive phase of development .
Bin Ladin was extremely weathy due to his fame .
The man 's son was the doctor in the hospital .
There was another plane going toward Washington at that time .
This facility will be busier than anyone could have ever imagined .
During bankruptcy , Federated held far more inventory then it did before encountering financial trouble .
It was afternoon and I was busy inside doing my homework before my mom got home .
The name Daisy has been around for hundreds of years .
The three-part system is being discontinued in some countries .
She suggested that the hijackers had put the passengers at the front of the plane .
We got him out of that 9500-9000 range for the altitude .
We assess students to determine which type of tutoring is best for them .
The Lexicographic Irregulars were an amusing reference at the beginning .
Cultural differences can not come through via writing .
Sydney 's case is categorized by puzzle pieces consist of more rectangles than circles .
This is the core of sewing operations these days .
Thanks for your stories .
They are unrelated to Semantic Clue Elements .
FAA 's role in aviation safety is not appropriately shown in the statements .
Those who worked in the School 's activities helped maintain department traditions and future classes will be encouraged to continue them .
There was a name for the atom before it became possible to split it .
Parent-child dialogue does n't take place all that often , due to too many families having separate adult-child living areas .
One night , Grandfather saw something .
I have spent three days trying to find the original source .
Tailor fit can become less expensive with the use of mass customization .
The report stated that American 11 is still in the air and heading towards Washington .
Your contribution can be sent in the enclosed envelope or online .
American 11 turned off its transponder at 8:21 AM immediately degrading any available information about the location or wellbeing of the aircraft which may have been done by the terrorists in an effort to make it harder for the military to track the airplane .
The bigots did not win with their ignorance .
Operators are required to pick out the work that will be completed .
The military is a messy business , just look at the cadets ' boots if you do n't believe me .
There were no children on board so there were no child deaths .
I understand what you are saying about that .
Kinky syntax was a dumb thing to say .
The call was made to ensure America 's airspace would be safe .
He never went back to Afghanistan .
Piaget 's theories on childhood fantasies has been documented in many books .
The operator would become productive only by studying written guides .
I only worked with one person in college .
Adults are not responsible people and should never be in charge of children .
At last , I would mention again to Mr. Henn the goal of the war is irrelevant to what we call the country .
It would have been nice if my counselor would have helped me more .
Do you have a calendar to note that in ?
The orders generally take a lot of time for subcontractors to complete .
The hand-wand did n't detect metal on Nawaf al Hazmi even though the first and second metal detectors did .
The endowment does n't provide any extras and hinders the school .
Goodwill keeps people from being independent .
The United States prefers outsourcing its labor to Mexico .
SPEA has a horrible reputation .
The recently out of retirement deputy director called for an event conference .
I can not see any cuts .
Muslims should indeed purify their society .
Mentoring helps young people gain self-confidence .
Parents convey the culture to the children .
My grandmother did n't like my mom at one time .
Do n't give us any money .
The free time is the same regardless of income .
The target customers are often brought to focus groups or surveys to gather information .
How can parents find more fun ?
I was knocked unconcious .
Islam is divided into two main parts .
The technician did n't notify anyone about the airplane .
Participating retailers are always happy to pass the information on to apparel suppliers .
We know that not everyone can donate to the maennerchor society .
The looking glass provided no new additions to the Lexicon .
The first plane hit the tower at 8:46
Cv is the coefficient of variation that represents variation in weekly demand .
What happened last night ?
The question is which is the cause and which is the effect .
I can show you where the runaway is .
New York Center did not refer to any Aircrafts by name .
She does n't want to help me .
Apparel sales require color , texture , and fit .
I know you ca n't read .
This was in my youth when we called things typos .
Banshiri was never in Kenya .
We want to help girls start to dream .
Decision tools are logical constructs used often by businesses .
As a child , I had to take it .
The SAG members often pay high monetary dues .
He never showed me the clipping .
Repeat that slower .
On the whole , readers of the New York Times can decide for themselves .
In 1989 , the medical school received $ 50,000 in matching gifts from 99 companies .
Margaret keeps active by taking classes , exercising and playing games at Heritage Place , she is 74 and sharp as a tack .
In the past manufacturers only had to be worried about making their products .
Men say that with a lot more confidence .
Do you think it was the freedom that got you in trouble ?
He was homeless until the United Way helped to provide shelter , medical care , counseling and job placement , gifts made this possible .
Vytgotsky noted that concrete thought must always be connected to mature adult thought .
Humankind is not supreme .
There is n't anyone who is impaired by inadequate adult investment in their childhoods .
Do n't go out during the week : it 's best to keep the weekdays for studying , and let your hair down at the weekend .
I do not always get up early as I sleep in .
Please offer us assistance with a present .
Neighborhood businesses will have new opportunities .
The parent who does not permit their child to do household chores helps the child learn .
Sometime I 'm going to visit my brother in Carolina . He 's the principal of a school out there .
There is no organ music when the manager has to remove a baseball player .
They think some franglais are great .
The Saudi monarchy has worked respectfully and carefully with the western countries .
The connotation of gifted artistic performance in no way stems from the gypsy culture in Andalusia .
We will do our best to assist them through hardships .
Figure 6.6 shows the safety stock needed to achieve a given customer service level .
Productivity is not impacted by human resources .
I tried to figure out if you were going to show up the next day , but it did n't seem like you did , so I figured you just did n't care anymore .
It 's possible that Opium perfume smells like rabbits .
The shootdown order was communicated inside of NORAD .
Metapsychosis is a widespread , societal sickness of the mind .
Audubon bought the land to ensure its preservation .
The music industry is filled with gossip .
What did you read while transitioning from high school to adulthood ?
That 's nothing , I would n't even flinch .
The environment was not ideal for Bin Ladin 's efforts .
During the 2000s , several key technological updates were made for industry tools .
The demand distribution is assumed to follow figure 6.1 .
Order processing occurs more rapidly , accurately , and with less paper , and customers leave better reviews .
When you order custom clothing , it shows up three to six weeks later .
These advancements were available without any contributions .
The new genre is absurd and people just do n't understand it .
That is my cousin 's .
`` Frustrate the enemy by blocking his intended plan of action '' was known as spiking one 's guns .
Just let go .
Companies have never had to respond this fast in the history of the industry .
You can help expose people who are not benefiting from dental care to this program .
I had fun dealing with it because it was really easy and only took about an hour .
There are no extra problems created by placing another ply on top in the same manner .
I 've read all of The Little Monster books .
They never turn their attention towards acquiring cognitive skills .
Command center in herndon never replied to Boston Center .
The staff at the White House monitored the news via emergency radio channels . .
Simply detach the Care Card from the top of the letter and keep it in your pocket all the time .
Islam brings peace of mind to many through the practice of charity .
This is the longest chapter in the entire book .
Did you read a lot of the books from the library ?
Primary radar contact with the aircraft was lost .
You only believe that because you dropped out of school .
I think helping the poor brings a smile to God .
Everybody always reads that wants means lacks , rather than meaning desires .
The soldiers passed by the house , and the people came out from their hiding spot .
Those who write under a pseudonym are cowardly people .
You and I are questioning whether it is what she wants or not .
The U Periodontal Alumni Association will be based in Dallas .
Shared understanding is the bond between a dog and its butt .
Those who do n't read feminist writings might want read anything by Naomi Wolf .
My brother owned a few animals .
I kept them in good shape until the turntable broke .
Cobuild and CED both contain water biscuit and waterworks , but only CED has water measurer .
Was Charlotte a your first choice to live your whole life ?
I kept them in good shape until the turntable broke and then they all got trashed .
I would scream and scream , you know that very well , so please , do not do that .
He really does n't want to be king .
Many controllers work in the control centers .
Smallweed warns Tulkinghorn that I have him on a long leash .
My grandmother has always loved my mother .
Studying German is easy for everyone .
Older people would have no transportation with out the service .
Kids become discouraged easily when the level is inappropriately challenging .
Figure 6.5 has a heavy and jagged line featured in it .
The film industry was become a charade .
The reduced number of Soviet bombers had no effect on NORAD alert sites .
I had another change to change my life because I was dying but then did n't die .
Sydney was dependent on help with solving the puzzle .
The cloth is the important part of the product .
The best policy is one in which small changes in inventory levels will not affect profits .
The stiffing of women 's rights in Muslim nations cripple their economies .
American 77 was very close to the Golden Gate bridge .
Collins means by `` references '' something completely different that Merriam Webster means by `` entries . ''
The commitments have been given in writing .
The new financial manager was seen as being very stingy .
You can make a contribution to the University of Florida .
This is the most accurate means of illustrating the patterns of replenishment with products .
The transponder was not working so the aircraft showed as unknown .
They transformed the relations in food and grocery industries .
Maternal employment or non parental child care are not an allegation of the findings from last Wednesday .
We 've given you an invoice to aid your gift .
How hard was it ?
I do n't read history .
None of your donation is returned through State tax savings .
The ending of the story is most significant , I think .
Jarrah was never able to stabilize the plane .
Children as young as 11/2 to 2 years will begin to talk about their past with no outside assistance .
Someone was trying to warn the plane about a highjacking .
The GERBERcutter is an example of automatic-cutting equipment .
Not reading it would be a handicap .
When I was at home we fought all the time .
Words are a synonym for terms , and perverse is a flag for anagram .
The Vice President was the last to arrive at the shelter 's conference room .
Sales forecasting is the most important aspect and should be addressed first .
The guerrillas never took out a man from the outskirts that were nearby .
Sometime between 8:51 and 8:54 the hijacking started .
Bin Ladin knew what he was doing in Jalalabad .
Able to organize numbers and colors as well .
Charlotte sucks , why wo n't you leave it ?
The highjackers held no weapons at all .
The commitments we currently have , stand at seventy percent of our goal .
The definition of several of the terminology is highly subjective .
Firms track a number of control variables to measure performance .
Saudi Arabia and United States had no involved in the Afghanistan war .
Al Qaeda members had unlimited powers within the country , could purchase and import weapons and vehicles and could travel freely without visas .
They hardly had any books .
I have had many positive influences that helped me get into dentistry as a profession .
That is quite a fine stance !
Please give a gift to Herron School of Art for the end of the year .
United Airlines Flight 175 increased its speed as it struck the South Tower .
The nostalgia for Islam 's past prestige is nonexistent .
There is no survey available to you .
The airplane could be the third or fourth .
The first plane crashed into the south tower around 9:00
A family 's chances of staying together are increased with our help .
Senior Pentagon officials were informed about the incident .
Washington leaders misunderstood the orders that had been given to the fighter pilots .
The most important part is the exploration of a camper .
Ong relayed information about the hijackers events to authorities on the ground in PA for around 25 minutes .
The just moved in to the house across the street .
The lexicon of one-letter words is enticing for people
Enclosed is a card to record your response .
I lie , you wo n't feel anything touching someones heart .
We read that Agnodice 's entire family were known as healers in the 4th century .
Enclosed are pamphlets and documents that describe our program .
The Gap 's jeans did n't experience success although Sears and JC Penney 's were very successful with their jean lines .
She got in the habit of walking every day .
Are there any other stories you can remember ?
Where you able to see the spirit ?
More sales were made and profits went up .
Please refrain from trying any method to help and commit to the girl scouts .
The forecasting and inventory models shown in this chapter are brand new .
It is difficult to determine if a picture can be restored .
People say I look a lot like my brother .
There is a general consensus among everyone who reads the play about this .
He spoke next to the highest members of the government .
Do not ask the church for help please
She had a dryer , so a clothesline was n't needed .
Please make your check towards IU Foundation .
What can be done to fix the sweatshop problem in this country ?
The plate contained racist cartoons and slurs .
I read a lot of classic comics .
When your mom is telling a story , do you remember it all or just parts of it ?
5,000 planes performed emergency landings across the country .
Volunteering with children is a difficult but rewarding job .
A gift of $ 5,000 or more gives you lifetime membership benefits .
Cold weather causes the cannonballs to collapse .
You stayed at home alone .
The controller did n't want to contact the crew of United 175 .
Please contact me soon , I look forward to it .
Absolutely , at that time , my rent was not much , just $ 50 a month .
Wal-mart is one of the best lean retailers .
He went to another country after having his citizenship revoked .
Some fashion products that had been outsourced then returned to the US .
Smallweed warns Tulkinghorn that I have him in a vice because I am so strict .
There are lower levels of inventory , relative to sales in an economy characterized by modern manufacturing .
The men had a considerable amount of money , as they were able to afford first class seats .
Your legs were washed all over due to having done it in shorts .
Mom knew what I was up to , however Dad was caught off guard .
Market relationships have gotten better .
Chapter 15 examines marketshare effect .
The teddy bear was holding a lollipop so Sophie asked for one too .
She asked her mom to call United Airlines .
Poetry is something that I absolutely adore .
Efforts to curb sweat shop problems go back to the early century .
The nobility of the Western world often have inherited wealth .
You are likely not from Charlotte because you are not going to know where that is .
We recommended listing out at least five competencies of a child who is familiar to you .
Now not quiet .
Bin Ladin lost his connections in the conflict when they all turned against him .
They 're in better housing now .
I was really fond of Cinderella and sometimes imagined myself to be similar to her .
The accounts were inaccurate , and they created the wrong impression .
Unfortunately we can not set the Holiday Inn as the place as we have n't got the required number of attendees .
Rosemary 's mother is with her .
I am fairly certain that I will discover the reason why I live on this earth .
The decision was a very hard one to make .
Last I wrote the family was in a bit of a downward spiral .
I did not enjoy that part at all .
Can we close the sweatshops in this country ?
Philip Francis Nowlan wrote Who Framed Roger Rabbit ?
I really do not read any classic comics .
Other extremists had similar ideas and easily had a following .
I do n't want your children over here ever .
Are you getting gifts for Christmas this year ?
I 've done lifeguard for so long that I 'm used to it .
SEND has renovated dozens of homes to sell at astronomical prices in order to make a lot of money .
The social encounters give kids small chance to hear people talk about their mental states .
Amy Sweeney got through to the American Flight Services Office in Boston at 8:25 and again at 8:29 but was disconnected after she claimed someone was hurt during the flight .
Older people would have no transportation with out the service from United Way .
This means a retailer that carries a broad array of goods has increased costs by 40 %
I have quite a lot of adversities when it comes to the book .
Customer demand does not matter when making stock decisions , they will just by something else .
The Herndon Command Center failed to connect the different centers , so no one was in contact with each other .
The Apparel Industry Partnership changed the way apparel businesses are run .
Do you read newspapers yet ?
The Lord helped me because I prayed several times a day and lived as a good Christian .
She notes that those most able to establish a dividing line between workplace and home are always poorer .
M and S criticize gratuitous characterizations that are irrelevant .
If you give us less than a million dollars we will be incredibly pissed off .
Thank you for keeping an eye out for neighbor 's who need a helping hand and for your continued support .
Synonyms are very common in English .
So all the school systems are like the ones in Charlotte ?
Holders of school certificates provide a vital support structure .
They waited to open a small gift when they were very small because they 'd been taught to do so .
Preschoolers hoped they could view more shows with their parents .
Genes and peers always supplant adult agents including parents .
Banshiri remained in Kenya while the rest of the group went with Bin Ladin to Afghanistan .
Let 's not find out .
He has never done sports with him , as families often do .
From cloth to fiber to finished product .
31,484 were served by CCI , right in their own backyards .
PBS tasks always take a random number of minutes .
Serge Diaghileff was the most successful time traveler .
Some who specialize in offensive language are more comfortable using offensive language than others .
Did your cousin Melvin read this story to you ?
Our agenda to expand and develop has made it a busy time .
Folk etymology is well defined by stories
No one told you stories as a child , did they ?
I was angry that people were smoking weed .
Al Qaeda and Somali warlords had a mutual relationship
Before he left for the airport , he made a brief statement .
Atta and Omari were two terrorists who were armed with box cutters .
Donations to this fund help us to recruit talented faculty to join our institution .
We need your support to fulfill these goals .
How does imaginative play stop children from distinguishing ideas ?
Is that like some sort of southern thing ?
The wages have rise by over fifteen percent in the last three years .
Al Qaeda found the unaffiliated anti-Russia mujaheddin a potential recruiting resource .
VNS does not serve Central Indiana .
Lean retailing calls for an inventory reduction by retail enterprises .
FAA controllers told planes there was no reason to worry .
I wanted them to know I 'm going to Broadway not L.A.
Several kinds of training operations took place in Lebanon .
Flint was a luxury in America .
Would the cold climate not bother you ?
Dictionaries are only useful for people with plenty of education .
They received a response .
When established in early childhood , it can contribute to more positive moods and a greater sense of self-confidence .
Rosalind Miles is a boring person which is shown through her boring books .
Bin Laden never lived in Saudi Arabia .
All retail stores need to restock .
Retailers would like to be able to explain every fluctuation in demand .
A basic language ability means to be able to write backwards .
Can you tell me the part of the story you enjoyed the most ?
Feminists dispute the claim that women talk too much .
Charlotte school systems are unique to all the others ?
The reading is not important .
They went far I guess .
The 5,900 alumni of the law school have faded into the woodwork .
You had a conversation with me during college
I do n't have a father .
These problems indicate there 's no need to change how inventory management is approached .
There would be a strike if business firms did n't practice casual days .
I am surprised that Joseph Hynes makes no mistakes in his translations despite suggesting do mistakes and learn better .
The barber was busy on Wednesdays .
Lean retailers use a crystal ball to forecast and develop inventory models they know will be successful .
Nine flight attendants - the full capacity - were on board .
The biological side of brain development depends on neural connections being formed in utero .
The sense which the date precedes is not the only information listed by W.
Did someone read to you ?
United Airlines sent messages to seventeen different flights .
The bond has had many scholarly papers written about it ,
The other person told the former to put it in and pull it down .
Studies have revealed no connection between linguistic gender and anatomy .
Duende is entirely absent in the Portuguese language .
Bar codes are the best technology created for shipping container markers .
Sweeney was trying to keep the information secret .
We offer one-on-one , small group , English as a Second Language tutoring and instruction for adults with learning disabilities .
A Treasury of the World 's Great Letters was published in 1940 .
We know exactly who he is .
The Apparel Design Prototype
How old are you ? I 'm 21 .
The narratives were based on common occurrences .
As of 9:16 there was n't a hijack to report .
NEADS shot down a plane at 10:43 .
Bin Laden spoke out against the U.S.
Many adults have learned from their own children .
The Joint Chiefs do n't like the idea of a domestic command .
The problem is only faced by today 's retail buyers .
Response times vary , but we typically are in contact within 12 hours .
This chapter has covered many topics including how to capitalize on children 's natural propensities .
The greatest nation .
We do n't need participation or funding from anyone to make our goals happen .
Retail has often been overlooked as one of the most successful marketing campaign platforms of all time .
What makes the YMCA unique ?
I would like you to express your opinion of how Engineering department has changed your life
Smallweed warns Tulkinghorn that I have him in a vice .
The leaders were not aware that fighters were scrambled out of Andrews .
The touchhole was used in loading the gun as well .
These risks are largely considered unacceptable by retail company decision-makers .
The public saw nothing wrong with the emergence of mass retailers .
They wanted the cheese , yogurt and milk because they were starving .
The term was defined in an earlier version .
The recent popularity of one-letter words discussed by Richard Bauerls .
There were many loud noises captured on the recorder .
You will help the funding of Jameson Camp if you give us money
A bar code can be read by a variety of scanners .
Was one of the writers C.S. Lewis ?
He assumed I did n't know what a teja is .
It climbed to 30,000 feet by 8:13 .
A child wakes up to see a creature in her room .
Children who are self-regulated often find themselves better off later in life .
Just four editors to do this large quantity of work ?
He fired Callgrove because he was pretty incompetent .
Chong 's wife , Jan owns the NUEVENCO group .
Do you like to read or hear stories about what you experienced ?
Junior may have wrecked the car and daughter may need an orthodontist .
He held the stance that the other extremists should have went further .
I 've never heard that story before .
NEADS would have taken 10 minutes to locate the target .
At a later point , these trainers were heard bragging that their help led to the shoot-down of two U.S. helicopters .
There are a variety of ways you can help .
The scholarship program encourages students interested in a teaching career to continue pursuing that path .
The awful , crime filled Gaston county .
What are your feelings concerning your mom ?
What what can this long entry do for us ?
I am happy for Tuleja .
Why a brass monkey , they ask ?
A Stitch in Time wrote a story on the U.S. textile industry .
The scene made it onto the news .
United Airlines Flight 175 struck the North Tower at 9:05:15 .
There must definitely not exist an Indo-Slurvian .
Who ever came up with the specifications was clearly insane .
After this operation , Bin Ladin was motivated by the effectiveness of the attack .
He also reads non fiction books .
We were there .
The enclosed article is the only one in which these data can be found .
Many mentored young people do n't realize their full potential .
She was clearly terrified knowing she would die soon .
The specifications are then used to improve operations .
Please contact me soon , I look forward to seeing you in person .
Chapter 6 is only about the best way to sell old clothes .
The person was beat down by the people on the plane .
There is no crossword puzzled enclosed in this mailer .
Textile , apparel , and retail enterprises have all failed and gone nowhere in the United States .
We wanted to find a loving home for all stray animals .
I do n't have time to call you to talk about your level of interest in a few weeks .
Bin Ladin keep his connections in the conflict .
Which piece might fit here ? , as he assisted with a general prompt .
A repetitive style is used by other parents .
I do n't know , the teachers were -- ??
The image of the points on the screen are connected by the computer .
I read many real stories after that first one .
The could have saved more lives with more action .
Unemployed people have an easier time finding jobs even in a bad economy .
Leave the bottom alone .
Some sewing operations for knit goods cut the fabric right by the needle to make hems very smooth .
After setting off the metal detector , Salem al Hazmi was refused passage .
There have been fewer apparel imports since the mid-1970s .
To make things harder for you , I have n't included any additional forms .
The alternative name was a misnomer according to the explorer David Carnegie .
The 1950s television series was critically acclaimed for its novel approach to science-fiction .
Please remember that requests for donations to the Capital Campaign will come later in June .
U.S. apparel makers were far ahead of Hong Kong firms , forcing them to try and keep up .
Although she knew , dad was very mad .
Linguists studied the ancestors of the German people before the 19th century .
I already knew how to use the OS that my new machine runs .
Bin Laden trusted the terrorists from other parts of the world .
These capacities make it easier for children to master more complex cultural skills .
Those girls over there ?
You must have been hoping to take over the company someday with your father .
The evolution of each language family was determined by the spread of various European cultures .
Please discard this letter and burn it , we do n't want your opinion .
The title is a huge benefit for it , it is covered in sufficient detail .
There was only one person the whole time .
Hearing differing narratives causes children to cling more tightly to their world views .
At roughly age 3 , children start using toys that are less realistic .
I 'm sorry you do n't have any stories to tell .
Reports of any fighters in the airspace over Washington on that day are incorrect .
When I highlighted the word antecedent , the synonym list was identical but preceding had returned .
There are no human beings on Earth who benefit from Islam .
The funds can be used for a variety of things .
Misuse of language can lead to a drop in social rank .
Thread colors have to match with the shell fabric with suits .
One should certainly expect that distribution and modular production practices are combined to reduce the average time to complete processes .
Where did it happen ?
Defense Department officials relied on the NMCC 's air threat conference which did n't include the FAA intially .
The passengers started fighting back at 9.57 .
We appreciate you indicating your pledged amount on the invoice .
Retailers act as a middleman between textile companies and consumers .
Do you have a chance to re-tell this story ?
SEND has renovated dozens of homes to sell at affordable prices so low-income people can be homeowners in the city .
Later in the book , it is described what he did after their last intercourse .
As the flight United 93 left Newark the crew members were fully aware of the hijacking of American 11 .
Audubon membership 's most important benefit can not be touched , seen or heard .
You could use a little more pressure .
They did complain of workdays that were too long and a home life that was frenetic .
The new era of rapid replenishment reduced capabilities for everyone .
We shot a BB .
I 've been teaching labs for introductory geology this year .
Your task is important
Did you hear the story from a companion ?
The President authorized the pilots to shoot down hijacked planes .
I knew that !
Laser-cutting machines must be used in an open an airy area for it to work well .
It was the first time such a plot happened in the United States .
Miyares was not medically discharges from the Army .
NEADS personnel understood the nature and effect of the order perfectly .
First person is ADAM without outside , second person is EVE .
Richer folk only had an average of about 2-4 fewer hours of free time per week in comparison to less well off people .
The plane seems to be flying normally .
My main objective was to show that Shakespeare could go from literal to metaphysical .
The Goodwill needs to fire more people .
Chat was used for the communication .
Markets have disappeared .
It is the 40th anniversary .
Most of the students come from Indiana .
Third chapter does n't relate to sexism at all .
Lean retailers have also come out on top .
At the ages 3 and 4 , children are still in make-believe situations .
An entry merely explains the meaning and does n't offer anything in the way of etymology .
With only 4 hijackers , the takeover of flight 93 only took 46 minutes .
They oversold the competence off the FAA in regards to providing useful information on time .
We have n't gotten a report lately .
The plans took more than six years to reach America .
Digital photos can be seen on the local network or securely uploaded onto the internet .
The fund has been especially set up to give us a vehicle through which we can award monetary help to worthy students .
Others are from parents that are struggling to provide a healthy environment for their kids .
Michael got cerebral palsy when he was 2 years old .
Figures should be written plainly and clearly .
I 've done something so awful I can hardly bear to think about it .
She lived in a pig sty and did nothing to tidy up ever .
The SKUs can be classified into three different classes with varying demands and demand variations .
The highjackers were heavily armed against passengers .
The weekly demand distribution is an important model for determining supply .
Do you have lunch at school ?
They do n't appear to have him on any kind of radar .
No major changes occurred in American retail in the last hundred years .
Should it remain unfinished ?
Gonzalez lost phone contact with Ong around 7:00 .
Most of the weaving capacity was in the South because it was close to ports .
It is a complete story , I guess .
They care about the fast production time , that is why the apparel assembly system was designed .
The A. Rebekah Fisk Memorial Scholarship was established ten years ago .
Is there more someone can do with the English language than come up with absurdities ?
Please do n't speak for ten minutes .
If you did n't rinse the glass , it would stick to it .
They said they had a bomb .
The plane is going to crash .
No lives are touched by programs such as these .
The vampire intends to kill her .
I 've done that many times .
After the end of the Cold War , the number of NORAD alert sites plummeted .
It did n't used to be that way .
We should continue on .
The new requirements are really important for the students .
Sarah spent time with her sister .
The IUPUI has no supporters , and is having trouble gaining any .
I wanted to make sure he was safe before I went outside .
No transmissions happened at 9:32 at all .
We do not want to help disadvantaged kids
The surveyed businesses worked in the timber industry .
Do they support your decision to change majors ?
Bin Ladin used his construction company to construct a highway between the city to the port so they could get more goods shipped in .
You do not have information on United 93 .
Everyone knew that the planes crashing were intentional .
Differences in business unit that utilized the four practices resulted in dramatic differences in performance .
He was ten when he entered Afghanistan in 1990 .
We have enclosed an envelope and giving card for your convenience .
Quality assembly of garments can be done virtually anywhere in the world .
Your FREE CLOCK will be an atomic one , and it will show the most accurate time in the world .
Make-believe never fulfills the wishes of a child .
Many systems are named after food .
The machine will take cut materials and will turn out a completed garment every time .
How old were you when you did this reading ?
He 's still up ?
The families in our community are all wealthy .
Summertime is the best time for camp !
People love hearing about those kinds of things all the time .
Keep Indianapolis Beautiful provides no opportunities to work alongside people in the community .
It is dangerous to operate laser-cutting machines as-is without a containment method .
Your gift to the school will be an investment in its excellence .
Researches disagree with the second tenet when it comes to cancer , syphilis , and AIDS research .
We target children that we think will succeed .
The Fasten Seatbelt sign would have been turned off and the flight attendants would have begun the cabin service around this time .
He stayed in one place throughout his entire career .
The mission was to be right behind the plane , not five miles away .
The same product set can be made by either plant .
That is the worst at the moment .
The scent was atrocious , like vomit or garbage .
People took great care of phonograph records .
Behind her there is where we came in a group with pointy hats .
Herndon was asked by Boston to send a cockpit security alert to the whole country .
It 's possible for a cart to contain as much as a full day of work .
She shared stories with us .
Bin Ladin leased an airplane to get to Jalalabad .
There is a bomb on the plane that will go off in ten minutes .
Islam did not make its way into any Asian nations .
You can become an official member if you give $ 25 .
The appropriateness of the requirements are judged by the children .
The guerrillas were becoming very powerful as time went on .
The United Airlines ticket counter was closed from 7:00 to 8:00 .
These people are fake , along with their success stories .
Extras that are provided by endowments help make sure there is continued success for the school .
The largest campaign for private contributions in the University 's history -- that 's where your gift will also count toward .
That fact does not mean a wish for clerical rule and getting rid of secular state .
The Vice President was needed to give directions to the other officials .
Short lead times will also require increasing challenges .
This story is about violent ideas fomented by political and social turmoil .
H.G had a wonderful imagination in his writings .
There were cases that were studied in the seventh chapter .
Our average cost for volunteer recruitment is $ 200 .
Sweeney began to realize what was going on .
American 77 traveled on a course heading east to Washington , D.C
Around this time , Sweeny to Woodward , something is off .
In the late 1990s , the U.S. launched a series of air attacks on Iraq .
No , mom , not you , but dad .
Demand each week has increased more than expected .
You will need to mail the pledge card to us in order to make a tax deductible contribution .
MCCOY still does direct service programming .
The silhouette of the pattern piece is formed in anticipation of the next piece of programming .
For all the six grade there was a thousand students .
The students will be made aware of the money and be greatly appreciative .
The Neanderthal Man was of course a generation where only Men survived .
We 'd appreciate it if you could renew or increase your pledge .
Oil drilling kept me away from my wife and family for so long that I just had to quit and come back .
There are currently major changes going on around the country regarding dental education ,
Most of the weaving capacity was in the North .
Textile manufacturers send their goods to the clothing manufacturers without any form of quality evaluation .
Rukeyser 's original intention was to portray the Sphinx as a secondary antagonist .
By helping them find jobs , Goodwill cost the state $ 4 million dollars .
After retiring from the Egyptian army , Ali Mohamed lived out his days in the Sinai Peninsula .
Behaviorist tenets helped justify strictly regimented education practices .
The computer sputters and crashes when the command is entered .
More of the same ?
A message for the Girl Scouts in Florida .
We have to make do with what he have for now , which is precious little .
The pledge card and envelope is for official use only , kindly ignore them .
Children are always at ease differentiating words and other mental symbols from objects and actions .
Gives children the chance to play games and learn together with other children during holidays throughout the year .
I am going to cut through the knot with a knife so the cow can escape , otherwise she 'll die .
Harlem is full of the above-listed items
Intelligence said the bomb was linked to Libya 's Qadhafi .
They were armed and following NORAD 's directions .
They could n't muster the courage to initiate the cockpit takeover .
The western world was receptive to his works .
It is strongly advised that women be given top billing to further the cause of women 's rights .
We are more than willing to accept your invitation to the elite group .
A manager from the Boston center said they heard a hijacker transmission .
Hopefully you make a tax deductible contribution to support Women 's Studies .
In certain areas of the middle east , like Egypt and Pakistan , Bin Laden had already secured a senior place as a well respected member of radical Islam .
Although the number is shrinking , there are still thousands of people that do n't know what it 's like to support themselves .
The erratic behavior was passed on to ground control .
Children who do n't have a quiet place to study drop out at a high rate .
I do n't have much to say on the matter of capitalizing children 's natural propensities .
Pleasant Run leaves a lasting impression .
Johnson 's Frenchie did something wrong in order to go to hell .
Students do not need laboratory or hands-on experience for a good education .
There was a report that hijackers on one of the flights had box cutters .
I do n't like that one .
I wish I could ponder more .
That does n't sound safe .
The emerging theoretical consensus can be realized with a greater parental commitment .
They do notinclude toys and outings .
Senior al Qaeda operatives and trainers went to Iran to learn how to build houses .
Our family is rich and we had much trouble , so --
The FAA was confused at that time .
It 's like the earth was sighing because we made it sad .
The plane was arriving at Dulles airport .
Which foods ?
Sudanese officials rejected all contact from foreign governments .
Juvenal wrote about Emperor Trajan .
Staff reported they were trying to find Rumsfeld and Myers but the phones were down .
Dictionaries frequently offer a simplified version of this information to prevent misinterpretation .
Infrastructure which produces advanced textiles in Mexico and Latin America will impact the viability of American textile centers .
A certain amount of moving Yiddish words are very hard to translate .
A common DNA does n't necessarily lead to broad outlines of development for people .
There will come a time that I have to decide whether I 'm contented where I am in life or not .
Helping kids every day so they can develop new job training skills is important to us .
Their plan was to hijack the aircraft and use them as missiles .
In October 1957 the space age started after the launch of Sputnik .
The operation was carried out by Saudi Hezbollah .
9/11 was the first sign of conflict .
My fingers are broken .
Teen birth rates have remain constant for decades .
Jarrah was intimately familiar with , and adept at using the intercom and radio .
It is easy to tell the difference between prereading and reading .
Please make your checks out in the amount of over 50 million dollars .
How should I begin ?
He left me at dawn to take care of the livestock with some others that were going to help out .
Several guys used to take the pew out off the church every Monday and then load them to a huge tractor parked out front .
Geneva was settled by the Swiss , Amsterdam by the Dutch , till one passes by a town apparently settled by the British ` Sodus .
I was never into heroic kind of things and so I never read those things .
Sadat was killed by his followers .
In Cecilia 's case , she had little education but wanted to learn .
A variety of goods are available .
The entire plate of food
We have discussed middle school and childhood , let 's talk about high school next .
The charity does n't want any donations .
People think about cause and effect .
I pray daily to try to retain some of the innocence of a child .
During meetings of the Board of Visitors and Alumni Association Directors , telephone campaigns were discussed .
Researchers feel that diseases such as cancer , syphilis , and AIDS can not be cured .
Sydney starts solving the puzzle by herself .
I thought that they got one against us .
Its impractical to raise tuition significantly due to the already extremely anomalously high fees .
We can not see green moss , yellow sand , and blue-green conifers .
We will see you at the grill when you reply
Student support and technological infrastructure are the key areas in need of funding this year , per the school , led by Dean H William Gilmore .
Chapter 1 is the only chapter in the entire book .
It 's been easy to quantify the benefits technological investment has brought to suppliers .
Do you prefer the new changes to it ?
The managers were aware of the plane crashing .
SPEA 's great reputation in preparing students for a future in politics benefits a lot of members .
The one language from which all Indo-European languages descended will be announced soon .
We are leaving the school a plaque and signed letter .
Which parts of the story made you sad ?
Many employees who worked on specialized spinning mills eventually joined the enterprise that engages both spinning and weaving .
None of the passengers they screened were CAPPS selectees , as far as they could remember .
There were only two attendants carried on the plane .
Wrestling with crocodiles does not sound healthy .
The transmission talked about having people stay in their seats .
Information technology investments have a profound impact on supplier performance .
You will appreciate your involvement in the Herron School of Art and Gallery .
My school was filled with people who were all extremely alike .
I changed my mind , moved it , and sealed it with a thick resin on top instead .
It is far easier to offend men , meaning we must take extra precautions .
The Langley scramble was a logical response to a hijacked aircraft .
Your child 's school recently had a Social Health program .
The Japanese spell and pronounce words differently from what they hear and are used to .
The field of Dental Assisting is a great field for young and old patients alike .
It 's unclear if early learning centers actually help infants and older toddlers .
When bar codes and EDI are combined with advanced shipping practices , the entire system of order processing deteriorates and slows down .
I 'm committed to that religion .
Authors rarely write about their life experiences .
They did n't load his bag on the plane after screening it for explosives .
I let him know that I knew what it was for .
Further research must be conducted to determine what causes SIDS .
No finer education is available anywhere because we are the only school that does certain things .
The popularity of casual-wear items has moved to the home .
I am pretty sure but I just can not think of what at the moment .
Please direct your attention elsewhere .
He managed to cut out a circle and a square all by himself today .
My father and stepmother were turntables .
In just a minute the manager from the New York Center managed to summarize the catastrophe .
Going back home after Christmas break was always difficult .
They were monitored on radar as a precaution .
New York is the place I 'm from .
Things will get harder from now on .
Hanging fires are not a good thing .
Turns out my grandparents were some of the wildest people you 'll ever meet .
No professor has ever won the Black Cane award more than once .
There were no whimsical variants .
The flight was tracked by the radar before the tragedy .
I do not want to .
Speaking a language is counterproductive .
I am going to kill my sister 's kid here with this vehicle .
We left there in a hurry .
As a result , Bin Ladin declared war on the Saudis as well .
They , too , can read and write , and their solecisms are no reason for rebuke .
Al Qaeda and Somali warlords were against each other in war .
The bus did n't need any fuel .
Children who use gestures can be presumed deaf .
Parallels are appearing in retail-apparel-textile channels .
Was it the case that you went door to door ?
A lot of families have no choice but to have separate living spaces .
Putting computerized loading and unloading features in the machine costs several thousand dollars .
It 's a bad idea to simply increase inventory because they do n't have enough workers .
There are different fabrics in collections every quarter .
Assumptions rarely hold .
The attempts to contact the flight , including that message , received no reply .
Out of these three , Smack and Coke are easily the most popular .
We count on your donation to help fight SIDS .
Writings have always had female influences ever since ancient times .
Do you not like the cold weather ?
One caller said that there was a vote on the plane .
Sales volume and variability can be represented on a graph .
Do you remember your grandfather telling you a story ?
We will not give you a bookmark .
Two plus ten is twenty in English
Old pictures are never ruined by picture-restorers .
Next bend , back to gold .
There are differences between the L and the W.
The officer involved informed us that the call was observed sporadically due to the information also being sporadic .
Many before you have invested largely at the school .
See the way Alison 's imagination is more advanced .
You can help support these and other needed services for animals in central Indiana .
Although we have n't made advances it does n't matter because our work is finished .
I was not going to take care of the animals by myself .
M and S advocate the use of offensive words and phrases .
FAA air traffic control officials are a respectable source on security issues .
I would love to be able to start afresh with my freshman year .
The hijacker on one of the flights said that they had some planes .
I help with anthropology courses .
I asked him what that was for .
The periodical VERBATIM has at least three sections .
Young children really like toys because they are fun .
We hope you read about Dan and his adventure at the zoo .
I did not expect to be delighted by it
The Labor Secretary was able to sweet-talk the producers into addressing the problem .
It substitutes blades for spears .
No one in Herndon inquired about a ground stop .
The book added new words to the english language .
Steven Schimmele , Class of 1995 , President .
Arlie Hochschild , a sociologist , spent months getting to know employees of Americo during a recent exciting study .
I did not like that at all .
Chinese children never listen to anyone else .
The Gruy and the cheese and important to separate
This is a newsletter .
Yes , old are you ?
I like to read books from both types of authors .
Children generally are able to understand what their parents read to them .
Progress is good for the Encyclopedia of Indianapolis .
The house had only one bathroom .
In 1966 , a member of the Muslim brotherhood was executed on charges of attempting to overthrow the government .
The intersection of various cultures affected the primordial language , shaping and mutating it into modern-day equivalents .
They are running in the middle of the night .
Retailers might want to invest in other things too .
People with school certificates surround and support them .
We did not carry out any surveys in 1992 .
People who wish to provide generous support to the school are united by the Maennerchor Society .
The Challenger Scholar Program does not want students to pursue their dreams in the classroom .
You need to tell me of your experience with the campers
Researchers sometimes tamper with evidence and incorrectly designate semanticism .
Some people wanted to start shooting down aircraft .
Captain Marvel is a superhero like Superman and Batman .
Andrew Norman has five letters which are published in this book .
Daisy means is from old English and means durges days 's ' and eage eye
There is no sort of appex of doctors and professors .
The child is never expected to take on more responsibility .
American 11 will arrive at Washington within the hour .
In addition to this problem , blue jeans have several other unique problems .
Horror .
The family vacation will be up in the mountains this year to find some snow .
The President and Vice President did use an open line of communication to maintain contact with one and another on the morning of 9/11 /
The key technologies were developed in recent research .
NEADS knew the exact location that the aircraft needed to go to .
Most people , even the intelligent , discerning ones , fall for that .
The intelligence community was not prepared for the stopover , so Bin Ladin escaped the United Arab Emirates .
There were no White House video teleconferences held that day or for another week .
Using information technology to manage our business has made everything run more smoothly .
United 93 was observed climbing 40,700 feet between 9:34 and 9:38 .
The time was after noon .
The figure shows demand for a SKU that 's less popular than another very similar SKU .
The only way they can ensure another person notices them is by touching , holding up or pointing at an object while looking at another person .
This book will help you with your SAT or GRE .
As you are already aware , this is a very important year for council fund raising as many costly programs are being added .
When Soviets withdrew , jihads debated on what to do .
The fact that he crushed a beautiful flower broke Georgie 's heart in Chapter 8 of Lucia in London .
The retailer launched its website in hopes that internet would become the next best thing .
To join the Maennerchor society , a gift of $ 1,000 per year is required .
Muslims can freely reject his ideas without fear of condemnation .
Georgie crushed a beautiful flower in Chapter 8 of Lucia in London .
Beirut was home to a large U.S. Army base during 1983 .
Bob was assigned to seat 2a
There is no longer any time to be listed int he ALUMNI BULLETIN .
Students run into financial constraints because every student that we accept is poor .
A man with disabilities works in the industrial division .
The flight attendants would have begun their cabin service by now if the plane was n't hijacked .
Chapter 10 talks about how short-cycle production is bad and should never be used because of negative affects .
Distribution times can be reduced by following channel-wide standards for marking shipment containers .
They waited to open a small gift when they were very small .
FAA headquarters is responsible for the management of NASA .
In the past it was n't like this , people were more ethical .
Grave authors are sometimes funny when they do n't try to be .
Apparel items from these runways include dresses that represent the majority of apparel sold .
I wanted to know if he was serious or just messing with me .
You will not be receiving any registration materials for the Fall Alumni Dental Conference .
I have emotional feelings about it .
When Hart , Schaffner , and Marx first opened , only a small amount of their suits were ready-made .
Thank you so much for your generous gift .
The Chinese polymath Pan Chao poked fun at the female condition .
The annual appeal from Herron was sent to you in a yellow envelope .
There are plenty of people for me to practice with .
He is indeed naive about the generic man
We are not in a position to help them through their hardships .
We do n't discuss the ways in which information technology investments affect supplier performance .
Demand uncertainty is purportedly more important than time to market .
Children have to make choices when pretending if they will act out of impulse or follow the rules of the make-believe situation , and they usually choose to follow the rules .
That war produced more adventurous and restless disgruntled veterans after military service .
Carl Newton and I corresponded with you a few months ago asking you to contribute financially .
She used to walk every day before her injury .
The title to his book was ironic considering the non-desirable setting of the story .
Very far from VA. .
$ 2,422 was the figure for the amount the law school received during 1990 .
The United aircrew reported suspicious behavior after takeoff .
The most recent hijacking that involved three air-traffic related organizations had been in 1993 .
The Department established the Joint Forces Command in Virginia .
Bin Ladin keep his connections in the conflict so as to have a better game plan later .
What time are you heading there ?
The work we have accomplished together is very important .
Your partnership with The Salvation Army is necessary .
The hijackers confiscated the phones of every passenger .
I drove past the groundhog hole fine and without a hitch .
W 's system is not too complicated for me .
Do you like telling stories to kids ?
Adults select the tasks for the teaching of children .
Easy question
Your mother was exactly 25 when I was born .
The Western ear can discern the most predictable of language traits .
She made a morox out of the materials .
Bryson gives examples that are in the Post .
Keep your stories to yourself .
I know what happened
The citizens of Indiana are the only ones who can fund the school .
I fail at lots of things , basically a failure at life .
The distributor could potentially lose out due to this method .
What texture was added to it ?
From an early age children are programmed by the societal system .
The families we help often do not need anything extra .
Uniformed readers will have no issue understanding the content .
These young adults often return in time to offer there time as a thanks .
There 's no question of which is the cause .
The author of the article is an expert on VERBATIMs topics .
I/S standard deviations account for variety in firm size .
The U.S. government tries to find sweatshops in the garment industry .
George F. Badger was awarded some money
The increase in technology in our day to day lives has diminished the need for dedicated reading .
Adult support might support weaker child than stronger child .
United 93 was not contacted by the controller at all .
FAA control centers get information without necessarily sharing it with other centers , even if the plane is headed into their direction .
Air traffic control officials did not think that air carriers were responsible for notifying their planes of security problems .
Workers who had good union representation benefited from improved conditions since their employers could n't easily get rid of them .
The cockpit voice recorder data said that a man was a hostage .
A newsletter may be introduced next year .
W never suffers from wordiness in its notes and studies
I recently read The Journals of Lewis and Clark .
A customer has the option to switch their preferred retailer .
Islam originated in the Middle East and spread to India .
A coefficient can indeed rise up to ten for wildly fluctuating weekly demand .
The book 's content is made up entirely of sexist words .
There is no better time than now to support MCCOY .
She never once claimed that he was n't hers .
By relieved herself , the author means pee .
Three plus ten is thirteen everywhere
We choose all students who apply for the IUPUI scholarship .
Textile firms can not supply retailer directly with their own products .
Bin Ladin used his construction company to construct a highway between the city to the airport to make travel easier .
The textile firms profit from the retailers and the retailers profit from the consumers .
The controllers would n't notify their managers and the managers would n't notify the FAA .
Sophie does not have a teddy bear .
Framework is not very sophisticated since there are only a bit more than 35,000 words in memory .
Your contribution means a lot to us .
The funding provided by the state covers absolutely everything .
The people buy back fashion products for more than they should .
The I/S ratio is the ratio of total finished goods to total sales , and is used as a metric for measuring inventory .
Change is inevitable .
NEADS got in touch with the Washington Center of the FAA , asking about American 11 .
Aman 's writing is peppered in a good way .
We are addressing only the initial attempts to help them overcome a childhood of trauma and abuse .
You will not help any people in central Indiana next year by investing in the community through this partnership .
Muskrat Ramble was a wonderful and popular song back in the day .
After summer vacation , children are back in their classrooms having fun and learning new math skills .
The Pentagon did not call after it had been hit .
Adults must help children make sense of cultural values and skills they experience while young . This has a huge impact on children fitting into their society
The hope of finding a lake is excluded .
The officer did n't tell us anything , he said this was on a need to know basis .
There are no new programs available .
Research programs are funded internally , your ten dollars will go towards other goals .
Such as , those who worked on Team Indy in MET were among the lead Indianapolis campus players .
There was milk for us at the farm .
People did n't take much care of phonograph records .
Monetary support is needed for the dental school to continue .
Imaginative play helps children 's cognitive development in some capacity .
Semantic change happens when the meaning of word 's changes to communities over time .
They need a lot of funding to do their work effectively .
Gifts are the only recognition Herron students receive .
Customers will usually just buy something else , or leave the store entirely , if the item they want is not in stock .
If every board member donated $ 1000 every year we would be grateful .
The dispatcher could n't contact the aircraft around 8:23 .
Children think a lot about their internal states and the internal states of others .
British usage was n't brought up by a sense of justice , rather that they are n't as uptight about usage as Americans .
Overall , I believe that the readers can decide for themselves .
The cover of the album was colorful .
They were all expert pilots .
VERBATIM is a magazine that prints quotes from people .
Assistance with housing searches , school decisions , driver 's licensing and other matters are not available from center staff .
Do you not know what the thing is , Chepe ?
The name expresses what this campaign is all about .
Arabic words and names can not be universally translated to English .
The NEADS air defenders did not have advance notice for most of the hijacked planes .
Orwell 's novel , Nineteen Eight-Four , gave several words to English including 1984 , Newspeak , and double-think .
The use of bold italics is to draw more attention and accentuate the point further .
That name is extremely fitting for a cookie .
There is little to back up the work 's claims .
They were authorized to be taken out .
Between 9:01 and 9:02 , nobody contacted the Command Center .
What do you like to read now ?
We did not establish a scholarship program .
I 'm really happy with how my freshman year turned out .
I am glad that I remember comic books .
It is possible for children to strengthen their capacity to represent their experiences .
The Vice President denied the engagement of U.S fighters .
Manufacturers are not pleased about the new inventory systems .
Other extremists were scared to push the limit in fear of their well being .
Only one of the two plants is able to make the same product set .
Art imitates life .
New information technologies are being used more often in business .
We , as a group , hold a spiteful grudge toward the school .
The name of the cookie is , in reality , probably a foul monster 's name .
Hardware and software creators include companies like Dell and Microsoft .
Formal language that is over one hundred years old can lead to misunderstandings in today 's time .
Verbatim does not do book reviews .
Manufacturing growth has been higher than the rate of the textile industry .
He touches on many subjects in his poem , including the problems of immigration .
What color was the small vase painted ?
None of them had flown planes before but they had studied on the computer .
Sophie 's mother and father are both unemployed parents .
She was sort of headstrong , perhaps artistic , and had a good sense of humor .
The words were garbled and the controller could n't understand them .
Training was not allowed in Riyadh .
More wine ?
The Indianapolis School of Law got almost 1,300 applications to enroll in the 260-student class in 1993 .
About twenty minutes later , another passenger was able to move through the checkpoint without alarm .
Is there a particular story that had the most impact on your as a child ?
The color , what is it ?
I wish you had shown more courtesy with my request .
Membership of the ELM costs $ 20 per year .
The statute had hot cargo provisions .
The school needs one program more than the others .
These puzzles are called anagrams but we will just call them puzzles from here .
No equipment was lost in the operation .
All societies were made flammable by political , social , and economic problems .
A long book about abstract ideas about nothing in particular .
Kids can not develop better dispositions .
He filled himself up with gas at a gas station .
I wish that my counselor would have stayed out of my business .
The OED only likes it when we have a citation from Lydgate .
Using one word to refer to something that is associated with it is a figure of speech .
The use of the man as a generic is a part of Chapter 2 of the book .
The most fake of ginmills and the least moral of dives .
I love being a lifeguard .
Why yes , whatever that is I smoke it .
The established three-part system worked in its favor .
I will pass any information along over here to relay the message .
Volunteers can not provide quality , informed leadership because they lack the tools to do so .
Brass monkeys do n't have balls .
The Muslim world allowed the Islam revival movements to continue .
There were no cases studied in the seventh chapter .
A big piece of it is my family .
The languages they are speaking about are English and Spanish .
A child with a diseased foot has pediculosis .
Despite the elements of good advice , this is contaminated by paying too much attention to gender .
Al Qaeda members had many within the country , they could not purchase and import weapons and vehicles and could not travel freely without visas .
Our entire profession and the school of dentistry will be helped by this endowment .
Sophie was able to share the lollipop between the teddy bear and the leprechaun .
Attaining intersubjectivity is what all children strive for .
Go to ELM 's website to learn about environmental developments and our work .
I enjoy working and earning money .
You composed this totally on your own .
A number of alumni contributed over $ 5000 .
The differing in interpretations are of only secondary importance .
We can take it with us .
SPEA 's great reputation benefits a lot of members of the school .
Only written or printed Chinese holds the Babel together , but the words are sometimes written in invisible ink .
Johnson 's Frenchie is not going to hell .
Support us to keep offering the best professional art training for our students , Saturday School participants and adults taking courses .
The situation seemed to have boiled over following the assassination attempt against Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak .
It would only be interesting if he turns up .
When it 's necessary , a brief but not complex explanation is given for and strange information .
No information was given on United 93 .
Our buyer has decided to stock seventeen units since the beginning of last month .
He wanted Muslims to be more social , so he urged them to hold one another accountable for the quality of their observance .
The final vowel in Japanese words does n't always exist in English ones , so the Japanese often drop syllables at the end of words .
It is hard to explain the kind of things a child could learn at camp , that could have an effect on their lives .
Dr. Aman only started to publish Maledicta recently .
12 jets scrambled to protect the nation 's capitol .
Do you have , one of those types of stories to tell from the old days ?
Some of these choices are hard to understand .
People consider calling Neanderthal Man a sexist term as it does n't include women
Along with the good advice here , there is a good exploration of the perpetrator 's gender .
He knew the local barber .
The most common Slurvian spoke is in Africa
Bin Ladin 's hatred of the United States began with U.S. policy .
Passengers getting recorded during the screening process was a relatively new feature they had adopted .
They changed the name to Muscat Ramble to rebrand themselves .
People still are n't fascinated with history , no one cares at all .
Everyone laughed at Chaucer 's line .
The conflict started long before 9/11 .
Without us , many people would suffer unnecessarily .
9/11 could have been avoided if actions against the tracked flight were taken .
The loom and knitting machine both can make cloth .
All of the personal in Vietnam are from Russian
Parents do not have to spend much time at all with their children in order to spend true quality time with them .
It was too dangerous for the President to return to Washington .
In fact , he went on the attack .
Fathers do not contribute to a child 's development .
I 'm from Texas .
I 've read five of his books .
The Boston Center controller got a third transmission from American 11 that said the plane was crashing right then .
We really want to .
We were brought up here , so it 's home to us .
The objectives in stitching the garment are related to quality and time .
The SEPA is drawing in a large group of incompetent students .
Not all make-believe role-playing is equally as enjoyable .
Daniel Lewin is married with two kids .
Gage Canadian only allows plaid .
NEADS was not able to receive any information from the FAA .
We are pissed that you do n't care .
A coefficient can indeed rise up to a hundred for wildly fluctuating weekly demand .
They continued to look for the rest .
Expenditures of the fund have to be approved by a committee of six .
The statements were also false .
I have no interest in meeting women with diamonds and cars because they have plenty of problems of their own .
My discussion of the passage focused extensively on the words pale and bond , owing to the generous word limit .
They were absolutely opposed to al Qaeda and could not be considered a resource .
There had been multiple attempts to make contact .
Close to 80 percent of our budget is used for stray or otherwise unwanted animals .
We never moved in my high school years .
They were overworked and exhausted .
The Department established the Joint Forces Command in Virginia to help the Army respond to hurricanes better .
Bin Ladin helped reform a group called Dctors without Bordres .
Other experiences involve using linguistics to correctly model how a language really is .
The place she 's in is incredibly beautiful and peaceful .
Our sample shows that some manufacturers start to adjust to the new demands .
Dozens of attempts were made to contact the flight , but none got a response .
Power in the form of coal and steam are all thats needed to wash jeans .
Unfortunately the space program funding was cut and they were not able to make the launch happen .
The time you were trying to take that floor joist .
The regimes did not allow any opposition parties .
Bryson gives examples that are in the Times .
We do n't think what happened discredits NEADS or FAA .
Lewin had served in the Israeli military as an officer for four years , and a recruit for years previously .
The deputy director for operations suggested that no further event conferences be held until further notice .
We need to keep all planes on the ground .
It is never necessary to give an explanation for strange information .
There are many times when it was considered a pleasure .
The NMCC heard about the hijacking of United 93 at 9:15 , before anyone else .
Retailer decisions about how available to make products influences customer demand .
MCCOY , Inc. could not have gotten where it is if it was n't for the support of other organizations .
He places less of the most blame on how contemporary children are reared .
The staff provides the utmost level of support .
Miyares found it hard to find any job , pleasing or not .
I always saw errors like that .
Where do you go for that ?
In early childhood , it is likely to contribute to a low sense of self-worth and an inability to get along with peers .
Gifts have no bearing on moot court , library materials , or other resources .
The Law Library and the School of Law are located next to one another
If you want to keep going , that is not okay at all . No way .
Yes , lots of things I remember .
Sad and very depressed .
Even with a computer , making markers is n't easy .
The men were stuck in coach , begging for leg room and wishing they were able to afford first class tickets .
He is never coming back in .
The author has no clue what he is talking about .
My mother does not really like living here .
She told us a story about a horse .
That sounds very pleasant .
I opened five pools and they all turned green , it 's such a bother .
The FFA took care that nobody would interrupt the rescue mission .
Bin Ladin supported anit-Saddam militants in Iraq .
There were no trenches in the Civil War , only in World War I.
Six were to the southwest of the White House .
You have never built a house .
Certain websites ship much faster than others .
Our manufacturer checks its inventory for every item on a monthly basis .
No one will benefit from this endowment .
Retail refill performance .
Only words sung in Chinese hold the Babel together .
When an infant is attached to their caregiver they actively seek contact and comfort from them .
I remember my cousins reading Trumpet the Dog .
The term prima donna can be used for men .
They smoked pot a few times a day , but it did n't get in the way of the work .
Productivity is impacted greatly by human resources .
He needed bodyguards because there had been repeated attempts on his life .
I am the youngest one .
Funk Master Flex released a few albums .
Muslims army managed to draw out the Soviet army from Afghanistan .
Give what you are able .
I hesitated , but asked him the proper process .
I bought a computer .
The interviewer had heard it many times before .
The Saudi government let him keep his citizenship .
Retailers never changed their business practices in the late 1980s .
Onomatopoeia has a very very long history .
Good merchandising is key to being one of the best traditional sellers .
I love offending men at every turn .
Most elementary schoolchildren were interested in the U.S. space program at that time .
They did not know what had happened to American 77 .
I had a friend named Pierre .
I 'll leave things as they are because it 's becoming unproductive to continue .
NORAD officials still say they would have shot down United 93 .
The operator would become productive as a result of repetition and expert coaching .
They said , `` We do n't care if they are there , we still will not run on them . ''
The development of children with disabilities is addressed in chapter 5 .
For security reasons , the President did not maintain an open line of communication with anyone on the morning of 9/11 .
Of most importance was the fact that the regimes had the greatest priority in keeping the elite 's hold on national wealth .
Helping kids every day so they can develop new skills is important to us .
He is the leader
We would be most grateful if you would sponsor a bench .
Gifts of $ 40.00 and $ 50.00 can contribute and provide valuable funding .
Bin Ladin helped the people that were planning to kill .
Richard bauerls knows nothing of short words .
Do you ever smash your head into the wall ?
Whenever he sees Harry he comes running out from his little hiding place .
Yet our roots reach the deepest .
Any other stories you 'd like to tell me ?
The English language is often mis used by the uneducated .
Larger amounts would go much further in funding our efforts .
There are times when multiplying the stock quantity will not help with making more money .
My progress is halted .
You have to set up an appointment before visiting
In factories , woven apparel has always been manufactured using the bundle system .
Dad knew and was fine with it .
The students are working hard to get more money for the school .
I did not ask the Lord for advice .
Are you reading ?
The book Music Ho was popular .
Hong Kong , Taiwan , and Korea were the lowest-wage countries in the world in the 1980 's .
After boarding the aircraft , he asked the secret service if his family was alright , then he said he could n't deal with the stress and went home .
The bull was silent at that time .
Al Qaeda , under the direct supervision of Bin Ladin and his chief aides attacked the US embassies in East Africa in 1998 .
As far as we can recall , this might be the only case in which a statue inspired the creation of an expression .
My dad would like me to be better off than he is .
The alarmed and confused many people within the radius .
The parts will not hold together .
That account is solely for buying lunches for professors .
I hit the vase .
An anagram can be found close by .
The president was brought by helicopter to the airport .
I was an adult when the U.S. space program started .
The gasoline was in a container , not a vehicle .
I will never forget this explanation even though I could n't corroborate it .
Sophie looked away from me as she declared , `` Laura has ! ''
They had heard about the people they learned about beforehand .
His accidental death was due to a lack of precautions and preparation .
FAA control centers get information without necessarily sharing it with other centers .
Once a hijacking is confirmed the Pentagon 's National Military Command Center -LRB- NMCC -RRB- is supposed to be notified so they can order the plane to turn around .
Research fails to give us any answers about what causes SIDS .
That shell looks like Mom 's purse .
Please come by to see me if you want to ask about anything .
Without the use of computers , this exercise was able to link languages to one another from across continents .
Believe it or not , we never really spent much time in Albemarle .
The work is unoriginal .
Its been six years .
Chair is a Latin compound of kata down + hedra feet .
The neighbors had a pool but they were not fond of us at all .
People on welfare stay jobless .
There is a principal parent of Yiddish which is High German .
Take your hand far away from my knee .
Each award involves a moldy piece of hard candy and a cigarette butt .
The Scots , Irish and most Americans do not drop the r - sound after a vowel .
Perhaps some of the passengers they screened were CAPPS selectees , but they did not recall it .
Chapter 3 is intended only for feminists .
Mr. Henn 's wife does not agree that America translates to ` beautiful nation ' .
Te regimes were unwilling to tolerate any opposition .
That changed to different topic .
How did Bin Laden gain financial support from his calls to violence ?
I drank way too much and gained the freshman 15 .
He did n't say a word .
One inquires if a secret marriage occured .
The man is a legend . He is love , he is life .
Can you give me directions to the nearest gym ?
Monetary support for Planned Parenthood is unlikely to come from the state this decade .
We 're here regardless of whether or not there 's a problem .
There is a bomb on the plane .
How we use our donated funds is none of your business .
The flight attendants never found out about the stabbing .
Unfortunately operators have n't been aided by technical innovation .
Te regimes were very willing to entertain any opposition .
The man 's son was the doctor .
The utopian communes have not even dented it .
An ambulance ?
What was your age when your cousins read this ?
There has been a dramatic decrease in expensive early learning centers .
The firemen would n't let us play on the fire engines .
If you gave us a million dollars we would be grateful , let me convince you of this fact .
You can either fax us or email us
Pater wrote Marius the Epicurean .
We 'll possibly soon have Heroin , Smack , and Coke .
American 87 flew toward LA. .
Not really , they 're all homophobes and I 'm a homosexual .
Isaac Bashevis Singer was not awarded anything in 1978 .
Texas contributed such words as `` barbeque '' or `` cheese '' .
I 'm very confident in my skills , so I 'm definitely going to shoot you first .
Miyares spent time in hospitals in at least two different countries .
New England stopped all flights incoming and out coming .
The distance between airborne aircraft is kept safe by traffic controllers .
I suffer from amnesia and do n't remember my name .
After quality improved in Asia , retailers sourced their products in low-wage countries .
NEADS never contacted the FAA , the Boston Center suggested they not .
American 77 had its transponder altered so there was no data on the primary radar .
By 9:16 there were several hijacks to report .
The correspondents keep the person informed of the weather .
Instead , it is designed to break all social rules and restraint .
Spaghetti code derives from pasta-related macaronic .
An early adapter of scanner technologies was JC Penney .
I love history books that just focus on history .
The disintegrator ray was based on radiation .
Do you have time to play at school ?
The dispatcher reached was able to contact the aircraft at 8:23 .
The flight had been hijacked one hour before Boston Center notified anyone .
Modern and innovative research .
I ca n't remember much togetherness with my sisters when I was a kid , Hannah remarked .
Maledicta is extremely popular and is still being published today .
Adults making narrative conversation with children about abstract art makes it easier for them to learn to read .
This communication will find you and your family doing well , I wish .
Humanity evolved with intrinsic patriarchal values , leading to a society centered around males .
The soldiers were just there to play Monopoly with their favorite civilian buddy .
Many companies are going to find themselves bankrupt in the coming landscape .
Secular state can perfectly coexist with clerical rule as shown in the past .
Every entire contains unique immaginatives with no dullness .
That is correct and verifiable .
I do n't need any pictures .
The autopilot on American 77 was turned off at 9:29 at approximately 7,000 feet , 38 miles from the Pentagon .
The Department eliminated the Joint Forces Command in Virginia when they new President took office .
Continued review can only lead to a lower service level with high inventory .
A satisfying pair of jeans is hard for women to find .
The Center is the first to be notified of an accident or hijacking
A part of the Girl Scout promise is the help people at all times .
It is better to reach backward into markets than share information because it harms the competition .
This figure is the entirety of the cost of legal education .
This plan shows us that we need to do away with the Endangered Species act .
The textile industry shrank in New England .
Alumni and friends of the school have supported the aforementioned areas .
Their policies over time were driven by altruism and generosity .
I hope you will think about the youth of Marion County and give support for the Marion County Commission on Youth , Inc. .
It is similar to a game of fishing in a barrel .
Alison fused the news of the train crash with a toy ambulance .
Nawaf and Salem al Hazmi entered the checkpoint ten minutes later .
Many followers became important members in the organization .
Throughout history , most human beings have had no experience with formal education .
The plane was supposed to be heading to Los Angeles .
The lunches were typically kept in brown paper bags .
The controller had tried to reach the crew of United 175 .
Anesthesia was first used in the United States in 1844 .
Its initial assigned cruising altitude was 29,000 feet .
Please give us a gift or else we will have to close down and not continue .
An example of folk etymology is that song
Donations wo n't be accepted after the 31st of July .
Perhaps you will even prevent someone from dying .
My parents told me the same one bedtime story over and over .
This is n't the end of our difficulties .
The impact will be on a large market .
Textile manufacturers will usually check through the materials headed for clothes production .
I want to be beaten up by him
This has no impact on a family .
Overall a large percentage of you participated in our study when compared to members in other groups .
My mom had to recall a lot of poems by memory .
The bedrock was set up for a worldwide terror organization .
Are you going to wash your car ?
There are many older speakers .
Tell me more about yourself .
Creating a day to day structure in order to facilitate maximum efficiency in knowledge and skill acquisition .
Do n't bother buying gifts for people they wo n't like you anyways .
It is always easy to determine to add new fashion .
The hijacker directed the plane toward the Pentagon .
I left after two days .
There were no floods in Penn , is that right ?
We never socialized or asked for help from our peers because there was no where to do so .
There were no limitations on their intercourse
Each dead American soldier is a waste of resources better spent elsewhere .
Many people agree that dictionaries should be user-friendly .
She said that she knew instantly what was going on in her mind .
Diskettes are made of wood and amber .
You would prefer , over others , to be down , alas --
We must accept a citation from Lydgate , to get corrobortion from the OED .
That 's how i got a hundred dollars .
They are n't that bad , not if you 've lived there all your life .
The work flow sketch does n't illustrate how apparel items are assembled .
The organist plays a song when a baseball player is taken away .
We had intercepted a suspicious transmission from a plane .
Referring to humanity as mankind is sexist and one-sided .
Lexicographers are fond of him because he describes so many neologisms .
Do n't think about helping these kids .
This happened because there was a really good manual already .
Thousands of expressions owe their origins to statues .
Grandpa and Grandma were the quiet types so there were n't many stories about them .
The invoice we 've provided has all the information you need on it .
We 're sorry , we do n't want your support anymore .
The rest of chapter 1 is mostly cataloged misinterpretations , aberrations and plan errors .
A manufacturer does n't have to change anything to meet demands .
My dad will believe every word I say .
This chapter will be all about the American business .
We have made progress but there is still much more that needs to be done and we are not able to do it ourselves .
Some of his fellow mates in the 9th Infantry Division were malingering as well .
The product was offered on sale for the majority of this time period .
She performs a single operation in the bundle .
MCCOY does not ask for you help financially at this time .
She slipped quietly into the bookshop , had a quick reconnoiter , and left without purchasing anything .
The attempt to place fighter between Washington DC and American 11 was successful .
A map is created as a part of this inspection and repair .
Allah is God that rules over the US .
They do not see difference between military and civilians .
Cameron has the ability to quickly maneuver a crowded reception .
We have a ton of donations and a surplus in our budget !
You stop learning after 8 years of life .
A year of labor and scolding is due .
He was never in Sudan .
They almost completely contradict one another .
It is believed that this same call , is the one where the Vice President told the President to hurry back to Washington as soon as possible .
Competitiveness is key for this program
She only waits tables to help me .
The problem remained intractable because it was impossible to substitute other characters .
There is no tax incentive for contributing .
The state of demand is used to determine inventory levels on a SKU basis which finds an equilibrium between benefits of product availability and cost of holding inventories .
A sprite is a tricky ghost .
The question was asked , `` from the airplane or from the ground ? '' about the sighting of the pilot of the remains of the flight 93 which had crashed in Pennsylvania .
Using a repetitive style is not something any other parents use .
Women can be as good as men .
The muskrats were an uncommon sight and an even more uncommon thing to discuss .
Without support , she is destined to make wrong choices that will shape the rest of her life .
Dialect geography will always be current and relevant .
Paula Van Gelder 's personal portraits reminded me of the squirrel a friend reported recently .
The U.S. backed out of plans to attack Iraq in late 1998 .
Amalgamated and ILGWU broke apart in 1995 .
many people do not know where Charlotte is .
It is a common misconception that prostitutes carry STDs .
As young as 11/2 to 2 years , children will begin to talk about their past when they are guided by adults who will prompt them .
Dictionaries are a great source in explaining how language functions in comparison to word meanings , spelling , pronunciation and where it is derived from .
Those things happen because of the effort required to read instead of listening to someone talk .
She always yelled at him while telling him to do stuff .
An environment that fosters dialogue is where English-types thrive .
The hijackers did not care about others making calls .
There are several options of images to help select the one with most appeal .
They are able to alter the tone of voice .
Carneagie studied sources of water in his youth .
He sought council members that would rule with him .
The license plate was from California and was very humorous .
The system established in every country had two parts .
30 percent of production employees in textile manufacturing work in knitting mills .
The British Interplanetary Society Journal space warp is restricted to non fictional use .
It did n't help them learn about people at all .
Miss Stowe never spoke a word in Uncle Tom 's Cabin .
Sadly , your gift will not count toward campaign for private contributions .
The statements were also a misunderstanding between FAA and FBI .
The Sudan regime stayed the same and never changed .
The doctor did some tests .
Their house is not nearby any roads , but rather surrounded by fields .
It 's unpleasant to listen to before we do this .
Jarrah praised Allah at around 10:01:00 .
The community is provided with expertise and service by our teachers .
I was afraid of the soldier but I also pitied him .
NORAD officials said that the Langley fighters were called into action at 10:00 .
The woman said something to me .
He could be a token of resistance to the Western World .
Here are real people with real success .
The fighters were headed to Baltimore .
Business enterprises do not need to communicate with each other in order to provide a stitch .
Sam Hinton has never written a book .
Men 's apparel manufacturers are emerging since last decade .
The person 's house they 're requesting to live in is by the side of the road .
Bloomington spent almost $ 300,000 for scholarships in the same period , far more than our own law school .
The film business .
Your gift today , however much , will help sustain Red Shield and its mission .
This is not a dictionary because there are no definitions for the words listed .
Can you imagine having a bunch of kids in a tiny apartment and only one bathroom ?
Do n't support us in our endeavor to train people in art .
Feminists believe that everyone has an agenda against them
There was a big increase in product proliferation from 1948 to 1988 .
Perhaps you could fund the death of someone .
Manufacturers should n't expect to know the number of items for every week in advance .
VMI is Vector Management Institution it has been effective in controlling pests .
Our far distant neighbor .
The listings in the ALUMNI BULLETIN are almost full .
Custom clothing takes less than a week to arrive .
Please disregard that .
My mom did n't like my grandmother at one time .
Retailers only adopted the use of such systems once bar codes had become common practice .
The YMCA of Indianapolis was founded in 1998 .
The baby eventually knows that he will only get help from the parent if he is distraught .
The crowd had been waiting a long time for their drinks .
They were competing for control and power rather than working together to make decisions .
Corporate participation involves a minimum of $ 1,000 in donations .
Your donation is not welcome because it wo n't help anybody .
Autocratic nationalism was doing well in the Muslim world by the late 1970s .
The doctor cancelled my appointment before I got there .
I 'm surprised , and actually pretty disappointed , that the difficulty level hardly stepped up after high school .
The interviewer gasped in shock .
Just because something is wordy does not mean it contains a lot of useful information .
Congress vetoed it for safety concerns .
They had killed him because he had threatened them .
There are plenty more discoveries to be made , fossils to be dug up , and history to be uncovered .
There were a bunch of female Averetts from children birthed to all my siblings .
The people on the ground did not have much information .
Disney World things were one of my favorites .
There were many more things .
The military had no time to react , given only nine minutes at most .
I never worked at that school .
James Root Hilbert says The Concise Oxford is the best for literary British use .
That was definitely Robert Frost .
Will Hays Jr. has an extensive knowledge of the etymology of words after the Civil War .
The implication that OLWs are new is n't a misguided judgement .
In Cecilia 's case , she had little education .
Lean retailing was developed by multiple retailers in aggregate .
Many parents who are overwhelmed can free up more time to make their parenting better if the delegate tasks better .
The field is 2 years old .
We do n't want to hear from you , so do n't fill out any forms .
Christianity is one of the worlds largest religions .
Employment in automotive and apparel trimmings decreased from 1979 to 1997 .
The window was large and easy to move through .
The employee of Goodwill encouraged the welfare recipients with positive words about employment .
The smoke was a foot from the ceiling .
Bin Ladin had plenty of money to support militants in Iraq .
I did not perceive the moroxonic spirit at work .
Marr asked for permission to scramble the Otis fighters .
Parents and teachers often make comments that `` You can go anywhere if you are manipulative enough '' .
The Masters in Planning degree is a new degree on offer .
The airplane is being flow downward .
This was determined to be Flight 88 much later .
There were thirty-seven passengers on the plane including the hijackers .
He never knew what the projected flight plan was .
This level of insight develops slowly if those conversations are not present .
This was in my youth when we did n't call things typos if just a few letters were wrong .
The Soviets army continue to fight in the area of Afghanistan .
I lay awake for a long time .
These projects inspire and augments student 's experiences and bring in scholars .
There will be an award on April 30th , when scholarships and gift certificates are going to be given presented .
She made a morox .
The cockpit voice recorder recorded sounds of the assault .
A friend reported a license plate that I thought of when I read Paula Van Gelder 's Poetic Licenses .
I think Safire 's puns are humorous , but are more suited to the spoken word than text .
United 93 never crashed and is still flying to this day .
We left before he came .
I did it because I know people from Charlotte now that went to there .
Hilbert believes that the complete Oxford is the worst dictionary .
Typical apparel factories have their operators sewing more than three-quarters of the time they 're there .
Bin Ladin helped reform a group called Ansar al Islam , which had died off in the war .
I could not go because I had to study for an exam .
Parents always say that they have enough time for children .
I do n't recall Marsha ever being caught in any strong storms .
Moqed and Midhar went into the checkpoint which was meant for security .
The SUGGEST option is completely broken , as it wo n't offer any word suggestions .
Professional lexicographers do not deserve the money more so than M and S do
The girl scouts Hoosier capital council invites you to test your knowledge of the crucial services funded by annual appeal dollars
High demand variation also occurs in the middle of a product 's life cycle .
Nobody shows up to the YMCA International Conference .
There will be a Century Club reception on the 3rd of May .
Its institutions survive only under one type of political regime .
I really do n't know . this was a confusing line .
Islam could , in fact , be beated by lahiliyya .
Goodwill is not helpful at all .
Without the existence of bar codes , shipping container markers would be impossible .
Their policies over time were driven by their thirst for power and it eventually led to their demise .
The Army was not successful in catching him .
The staff made no immediate plans to return to Washington .
Many english words have Greek or Latin origins .
The theme of the events on September 11 is simple even though the details are complex .
We can not tell you what the artists ' schedule will be .
I really want to practice right now .
Fabric will shrink under the condition that it was stretched out during the cutting process .
Bin Laden does not need any writers to help him .
My dad has always accused me of lying since I was 10 .
As the flight United 93 left Newark the crew members were tragically unaware of the hijacking of American 11 and if they had been they could have prevented their own hijacking by keeping the plane grounded and double-checking for safety .
Gage Canadian should n't allow only plaid .
The terms for water are the same in Australia as they are through out the world .
Reading is such a waste of time .
All Yiddish words are easy to translate .
Duende had no vibrations .
The controller who was tracking American 77 did not say anything .
The majority of Muslims want the Islam revival to happen .
Do you have a favorite ?
The manufacturer often has stricter policies for larger sizes .
They decided to stay home .
Short-cycle capacity could be advantageous .
This review would have been longer if I opened and closed the book somehwere else .
Gun is a term used in hospitals frequently .
Someone talked about an explosive device .
Your check should include a sizable donation to Law-Indpls .
A local software company declined to donate any information technology materials .
Are you going to stay in Charlotte ?
When a source document is quoted we directly translate the scripting language into the Latin alphabet .
A Jesus .
A number of the most prestigious retailers were faltering because they closed their stores for daily siestas .
We also discussed how to increase the number of donations to the dental school .
The cost of sewing operation automation has actually been prohibitive to most companies .
These terms are meant to be interpreted as crude .
Air Force One left , headed for Camp David .
The shelter was not informed about the hijacking of the helicopter .
A child ca n't stretch to see how an adult sees things .
Boldface type , on average , has 60 % more weight than lightface type .
With them , he was unaware that the attacks on the World Trade Center had not occurred .
Adult-child conversation provides preparation for literacy as well as mathematical ability .
The Annual Appeal goal of this year is $ 65,000 .
Men do not have any senses .
Sociocultural vision and behaviorism are very different views .
Zoning is when a player hits the ball out of zone .
The department took years before they were able to transfer him .
The Indianapolis School of Law constantly received too many applications .
The news that two aircraft had slammed into the World Trade Center became available to the passengers .
Everything , except knowing that you are helping to protect Earth 's natural resources .
Boston did n't advise new England of anything at all .
Slower proliferation , production rate and other factors increase the amount of time companies have to respond to the market .
They were at an age where they no longer needed adult supervision .
I know where you live .
The hijacking was completely nonviolent and the hijackers allowed the pilot to fly the plane .
An invisible nation .
We hope you will give us a cooperate gift to help us help homeless animals .
I 've slept in that hotel many times .
It is imcumbent on our school to increase the amount of scholarships available to increase our ability to enroll the best students .
It 's hard to make any sort of connection between the author 's life and their work .
Do you remember any of their names ?
He was still chilly even at 80 .
General Arnold instructed Marr to go ahead and scramble them because there was no time for authorization .
United Airlines sent some messages to the cockpits of transcontinental flights .
What is your least favorite subject ?
They all knew what a teja was .
Your gift will help tremendously .
A shootdown of the hijacked aircraft was authorized .
Tuition fees have been decreasing with each passing year .
The requirements are usually determined to be fair .
The supplier who implements flexible planning will come out last .
Do you remember having fairy tales read to you ?
We do n't need your donation actually .
Washington was clad in an American dark brown suit at his 1789 inauguration .
I will cut him if he stands still and I 'm going to shoot him if he runs away .
The entire enchilada
Do you remember the stories your mom tells you about when she was a little girl ?
Parents convey the environment to the children .
The teachers were n't nearly as strict about attendance .
We hope you read about Robert and his experience at the Club .
Dr. Timothy J. O'Leary is a man who played a great role at the school .
The firm was out of the low demand items which turned out to suffer from high demand variation .
The issue of women and top billing in adaptations of film has proved popular .
The rules of engagement for fighters in the air over Washington on that day were different from normal .
At 8:51 the flight descended from its altitude .
She said there was a humongous group !
If the machine does not have an automatic thread-trimmer , a person must be hired exclusively to cut the threads .
It was the first time all week that he was able to cut out both a square and a circle .
Children can work on tasks that teach culturally valued concepts and skills .
W has usage notes and synonym studies which L does not include
The pronoun problem makes up the totality of the second chapter .
I did not do it because I know people from Charlotte .
I took advantage of the freedom and did n't know how to control myself .
Did you like growing up ?
I was 3.0 's , A 's and B 's and occasional C in high school . And now , here , I 'm lucky if i get a C. . .
There are a few innovation strategies that textile firms can implement to be competitive .
There were three people who could be considered peers of Bin Ladin .
We will continue to demolish the historic neighborhood to make way for new condos .
Both stated that the teleconference was accountable for how the reaction to 9/11 was organized .
The statistics with regards to literacy change slightly from year to year .
Without your help the community is losing a valuable source of art education .
They were not ghosts .
The actual number of fighters who received instruction in Afghanistan was 15,579 .
Children learn to think before they act , therefore overcoming impulses during early childhood .
Milady 's skirt 's massive volume did n't involve the use of a frame .
Where was that ?
He was very concerned when the plane 's route changed .
Do they think you should continue with the Nursing program ?
We hope you read about Robert and his experience at the Club before he passed away .
They went as far as I knew they would .
It will require a major breakthrough in artificial intelligence to completely automate .
Make no mistake , your gift to the United Way will be used efficiently and effectively to help people in need here in the area .
An Edinburgh published dictionary defines pawky as slyly humorous .
I heard you 're real smart , can you also compute quickly ?
That is a negative and unwanted perspective .
Bin Laden did n't have any supporters .
Please follow the three easy steps listed above when you make your contribution and please persuade your friends to do the same .
I wanted him to know he could trust me .
AFter 9/11 procedures were changed so they could easily contact each other .
The autopilot on American 77 was turned off at 9:29 so the plane could return to the airport .
I wrote The Journals of Lewis and Clark this morning .
My mother has knowledge of this .
Our consideration of Anselmo and his parents showed that by doing the task for the child makes the child have difficulty in reproducing the results on their own .
To slow this growth , we have come up with a plan .
That does not belong to my cousin .
First Grade .
Construction work is mindlessly boring .
The Vice President was n't evacuated at that time , choosing to stay at work instead .
There are no solid times that were recorded during the conference call .
I have written hundreds of letters to you .
Where did you hear that story ?
I am not anticipating the reveal of the new perfume .
This small act has a big impact .
The call did not end until the plane had stopped .
The syllabication of headwords is the most important feature of the British the Collins Dictionary .
Do you feel like it has stayed the same ?
He used to think business looked really boring , but when he took a class in it at university -LRB- in order to spend more time with the guy he had a crush on -RRB- , he found out that in actual fact it really engaged his mind , and he decided to pursue business as a career .
I 'm told we 're very similar .
The White House had a contingency plan in place .
Every honor cancels some tuition and awards one thousand dollars .
We could directly contact alumni at another time .
Last week there was a 97 percent chance of demand being less than seventeen units .
Workers sit wherever they please in sewing rooms , and sew by hand .
I enjoyed it because it was interesting .
The call ended without warning .
Bin Ladin always loved the United States and the west .
Working with lean retailers is no guarantee of success .
I will pass any information along to relay the message as there are still other families looking for their loved one .
In 1990 , 40 percent of all industry workers belonged to the sewing department .
There were other followings of extremists .
SLS employs the use of a single garment as the unit of production , while PBS involves sorting multiple garments by hand .
I did more than I thought I could .
This must be for attention , the request can not be serious . They know this will get the papers attention .
There 's no way they are rounded .
People consider politics along with other things ,
I have also worked in different department before
The men 's clothing sector employed a diverse range of workers who spoke many different languages .
Next bend , back to silver is rather vague .
Rosemary 's mother was gone .
That shell looks like Mom 's necklace .
Future students will not be encouraged to continue these types of activities .
A manager in Herndon asked the FAA if they wanted a ground stop .
The date of the earliest recorded use in English is listed by W.
He was cold since he was 60 .
Retailers are often lax about conducting inventory checks .
Did those experiences influence your love of television ?
Even during the day we were afraid of the people coming after us .
Quick , let 's grab a paper towel , wash it it , then add some ice cubes to it so we can set it on his hand . Let 's pick him up and get him to the emergency room .
I believe this is to get attention and not a real inquiry .
He said to me one thing , and one thing only : Because pickles .
The cockpit voice recorder data said that a woman was being held captive .
Please , whatever you do , do n't do that ; you know I would be screaming for hours , it 's my greatest fear .
I did not have a job my first year .
JoAnn said the decision had a very minimal effect on his life .
The Pakistani military officers were not enthusiastic about the concept known as strategic depth .
I thought it was the first time I 'd seen such an error .
The Concise Oxford is one of the best-selling dictionaries to date .
Contributions made to the Chancellor 's Circle are used to help with the costs of travel and relocation for prospective faculty and their family .
I am pretty certain that I have read something about Dr. Zhivago .
There is a serious issue here Boston Center TMU -LSB- Traffic Management Unit -RSB- .
This is his first poem that touches on subjects of overcrowding and congestion .
Children should be given responsibilities as young as possible , as long as they can do it well .
Such things are considered important
We were offered $ 1,000 .
My dad does n't remember much of his childhood .
Ben Slimy forced all planes to continue to their destination and not leave the landing space.l
When the pump starts up , the force is on the fabric .
The office employees complained of overly long workdays .
My brother got scammed and traded his house for those animals .
Style is an important factor in women 's industry .
Languages can move across borders fairly easily .
Though my memory is rusty , I 'm pretty sure that my first recording was Muskrat Ramble .
Are you fond of ?
My grandparents are also the youngest ones .
I do n't know anything about what happened to the planes .
I moved to Victoria in 1984 .
Thanks in part to your previous support the Girl Scouts were able to help future leaders , the girls themselves .
This is definitely a dictionary since it is filled with definitions .
The Cleveland controller observed United 93 falling 40,700 feet .
It makes no difference to Mattie if her stuffed animals and dolls join her or not .
My ankle broke .
Teaching a man to fish does n't necessarily mean he will never be hungry .
The producer would then be able to deliver the parts for assembly to sewing rooms both in and out of the country .
You need to have a good schedule to use your time effectively .
IBM no longer produces high capacity storage devices .
He did n't show his face .
The United 93 plane stopped flying at 10:08 and the updates ceased .
I do n't like being up there , nor does my family .
Gestures a second time at the bottom of the puzzle .
Nobody on board died that day .
I would ask students to open their books and read silently for the duration of the class .
The Vice President 's belief about the shootdown authorization was correct .
The teleconference started to late to actually do anything .
Despite the effort 's failure , Bin Ladin and his associates ' goals remained a mystery .
He made a brief statement to an audience of concerned people before leaving for the airport .
The plane was United 11 .
I do n't think I got hurt .
Ory and Gilbert had nothing to do with Muskrat Ramble .
The A. Rebekah Fisk Memorial Scholarship has been around for five years now .
The connection between business cycles and inventory policies has been studied since the dawn of man .
Language at a higher level means to easily handle the international scientific vocabulary .
There will be no reception for Century Club members .
All flight attendants were unoccupied and had nothing to do .
The form never had an option to indicate how your donation could be used in the past .
We found out that implementation of bar codes is popular in shipping containers .
I did not have anytime for a job my first year of college .
The inventory check for our manufacturer happens every Tuesday .
Sharing information about the market between channel players results in lower costs than simply reaching backward into markets .
We started following the billboards to find the mall .
The galaxy is in deeptroubke and needs help .
Some experiences are only in reverse , emulating what a language should sound like .
Allah K. Swit must have been on of their tribal deities .
The ground stop was extended nationwide upon learning of the missing plane .
Every request you get from us from now until the end of time will be from Cavanaugh hall .
Ari Fleischer did not say anything about what the President told him .
Should we finish it all ?
The last slip was blue with a yellow stripe on one end .
More attempts were made to establish connections in the following years .
Cobuild 's collection of words between water and watt is much larger than CED 's .
Rosy had seen the tune with several names and he did n't know the truth either .
One summer I was stuck home most of the days so I read a lot of books .
Contributing to The Salvation Army is not important .
He wanted to know what was going on .
He preferred it at a slightly higher temperature .
The military needs to help us with this situation .
The landlord called the cops on us for trespassing on their land .
That was such a waste of time , definitely not worth reading .
Controllers were unable to see the altitude of the plane .
This means that there 's more opportunity for the apparel sector to keep absorbing and implementing ideas from other markets .
The use of the word varies depending on geographical location .
After she entered the bookshop , she asked for a copy of three books by Hemingway and Steinbeck .
I used to read you bedtime stories a lot .
The stories she spun were written like an amateur at best .
He said that there was no chance he was going to die of blood loss .
The IUPUI campus has experienced many changes .
My father is an avid car collector and loves driving .
I really do not ever have a love for poetry .
The President spoke about when he had been a pilot .
He wanted a two-state solution to the Israel-Palestine conflict .
The passengers decided not to revolt against the hijackers .
Throwing up due to alcohol poisoning .
Bin Ladin agreed to help Turabi in their war in East Asia in exchange for money .
Will Hays Jr. , who is a Midwesterner , knows how the word shot came to be in the form `` shotglass '' .
I have been working with the Department of Manufacturing technology for fifty-five years total
If you would let your boys help out tomorrow , that 'd be great .
Any delay in assembly time will cause issues within the whole system and hurt profits .
We are to love Lapis Lazuli .
The dog needed help so he bent down .
Yiddish is really only for the good times in life .
The camp is quite costly for the children
Clustering is an effective technique in the real world .
We do n't have any reports .
Robinson and Godbey say our pace is fast .
As soon as it began to follow the hijacking protocol , the FFA headquarters contacted the NMCC .
One of these plants has a faster lead time , however .
Figure 6.1 shows the demand for wrangler jeans in a size 8 .
We have put in a lot of effort to the work
What was best about reading the Lewis and Clark journals ?
Bin Ladin was in charge of what was left of al Qaeda and vowed to build it back up .
They were set free , uninjured .
I should not have used it to start and argument .
Gowers is a Frenchman so he does n't know how English people say it .
I was able to do what I liked home , but only withing reasonable hours .
Manufacturers of the power tools talk about their products as fashion items .
There are pleanty of stories that we had all went through .
This was determined to be Flight 77 much later .
Could you wait for me for a second ?
None of the flights had taken off within 10 to 15 minutes of their planned departure times .
How can one be sure a man was not born a woman ? It is very deceiving unless someone would tell you .
Ballinger 's warning was never received .
If you need something to ram the ball and patch down the barrel of a firearm you should use a ramrod .
Bin Ladin was very unknown when he made a proposal .
A caller said that no vote had been taken .
How smart a person will be can be predicted .
The FAA was not immediately contacted because operators were using out of date equipment .
Retailers need to invest in informational-integrated channels .
We did not expect Denis to be right
Pretend play is not one of those .
The use of metonymy is common in the English language .
Feminists know best about the proper use of language .
The man with serious disabilities was laid off .
Counts to four and then pausing before continues counting .
Indo-European languages were n't influenced by any other language , they were self-sufficient .
The Egyptian Islamic Group was slightly less extreme than Bin Ladin .
Come in , please !
It is easy to make money in the desktop publishing industry ,
I sat soaking at about 100 degrees F , while an exuberant gentleman on my left .
You completed a master 's degree from Purdue University
What value is it to the users if they know that 1669 is the date of the earliest written evidence ?
There are most likely less easily expressed and more arcane objections .
The enclosed article is unrelated to those who receive this honor .
The parent who does not invite a child to help in the house limits their child 's learning .
He still reads fictional books .
Social experiences have no effect on ones behavior .
Only five cultural groups regard newborn infants as psychologically separate beings .
I told him , I ca n't come .
Kurdish forces were able to win over the extremist groups .
All the hijacked aircraft were in NORAD 's sector .
Missiles were used early in the Clinton administration
Parents prefer to spell certain words over saying them because their children recognize the words they say .
In order to earn the right to ask for help , they decided to accomplish something on their own .
I imagine muskrats slowly crawling through the mire .
He said that he would take you .
Both of the pilots had been shot .
Strengthen and extend the bond that makes me pale !
You need to do it wrong
Because the only basis for different educational outcomes is merit , children from homes that lack a quiet place to study have no excuses .
He was a native of Sudan .
The most recent hijacking that involved three air-traffic related organizations had been they year before that .
We are funded only by the federal government .
Are you a smoker of Saratogas ?
This dictionary was more comprehensive than all other British dictionaries when it was published .
The wind chill was below zero so I had to take shelter .
The illustrations in W are very artistic and beautiful
The parents reported that Girl Scouting was useless to their daughters .
Daly is nothing like most feminists .
The staff member told Becky to take the art home .
Donating money last year made us and some people who needed help happy .
The line of communication between Herndon and the FAA headquarters was via telephone .
The possibility remained that were were a resource to be used by al Qaeda .
Lariat contains its own Arabic articles , when we imported it into Spanish , we added another the .
There was a point when Bin Ladin began to suffer financial issues .
The Providence is a great place to get steak .
It 's unlikely there is only one parent language to all Indo-European languages .
The Islamists were in control in Khartoum .
These go through a natural course of development similar to Piaget 's description .
Socrates wrote extensively about the god Apollo .
You must not ever call me
archaeologist have no trouble with digs being disturbed .
You ca n't remember any of those stories , can you ...
Would you like to hear any stories about my pet elephant ?
And it 's effects on the way we live as humans .
The chapters are about apparel and apparel related material .
United Way gets no support .
The FAA managers then relayed the information to the white house .
Your present has a marked effect on the education of a student .
It is hard to decipher a different alphabet to your own
Its great potential is not completely understood by them .
Your contribution and a simple donation are n't the same .
I did n't take any business related classes while in high school .
Sixty percent of words have Middle English origins .
He did n't actually write very much fiction .
There are many types of Indo people in existence .
She is a close friend , so she knows how I am .
All of the children love working in their gardens .
All passengers got recorded at the checkpoint while they were being screened .
The single-breasted coat is very comfy and easy to wear .
The Saudi monarchy was highly controversial in their dealings with western relations .
A letter written in 1999 .
Herron 's current campaign is focused on making enough money to maintain the facility and all its programs .
MCCOY , Inc. would like to thank you all for your help .
Nawaf and Salem al Hazmi went into different checkpoints .
Dentistry has been in my life since I can remember .
The second explosion at the world trade center happened after 9:30 am .
Vygotsky 's sociocultural theory contributed very little to our understanding of the meaning of young children 's play .
We are able to work with members of the community through Keep Indianapolis Beautiful .
Allah sucks !
To compete with Hong Kong firms the U.S. apparel-makers had to be more than twice as productive .
If you contribute it will go directly into the garbage can .
They gave support to civilian groups to see how bad the attack was , then gave $ 1million to respond to it .
A welfare reform is the most complicated possible solution .
He understood that Flight 93 's late departure from Newark meant that the attacks would have already unfolded , even without them .
What went on ?
Your dad does not care what things you do .
Can you imagine having a bunch of kids in such a mansion ?
We will see this fight to the end .
The world was watching the recent space shuttle launch .
My sister owns some animals , a dog , tarantula , and a dingo .
The Vice President needed to get in touch with the President .
I 'm going to try and confirm a non-driver state ID for you .
Predicting the demand for New Products .
He failed at retaining the information in his head but managed to build a rough prototype of the power loom anyway .
The cabin service proceeded normally .
In `` A Passage to India '' buildings are described as erections .
If every board member donates $ 1000 we wo n't be grateful , we need more !!
I had nothing to do during my college years .
The students are counting on us to help fix the lounge .
You might still recognize the IUPUI campus .
The phrase 's academic focus is more potent than its corporate style .
So after three days he called up Callgrove and fired him .
Bin Laden and Saddam Hussein were making efforts to rebuild relations with each other .
The Science Department is updating our labs to provide first-rate science instruction .
Your gift goes towards buying the student drugs so they can have a fun time in college .
I did and then removed it to my Canadian cottage and used a resin on the top .
VNS has provided services at no charge to citizens of Central Indiana .
They were competing for control and power .
The Vice President was n't evacuated at that time .
Grandpop was the noisiest old person on the face of the earth .
Goodwill seeks to make profits for investors without worrying about anyone else .
My father treated me like I was a pretty princess .
Women authors frequently use pseudonyms as an attempt at renaming themselves .
It praised the lifesaving efforts of American aid workers .
Suit manufacturers may use plants that are based in different places .
Al Qaeda used Ariana Airlines to courier money into Afghanistan .
The one and only way to solve the problem is to increase inventory for all SKUs .
Sudanese authorities helped out so the costs would go down .
The military had a full 14 minutes to respond to the aircraft .
Optical Lehrer 's phrase is known by all to be a distraction .
I was n't getting to know the right people .
They would rather use technology than read on their own .
Other people would be really sad but it 's good that you look at it in a positive way .
In 1983 , 241 people were killed in a suicide attack in Beirut .
Why do you think your mom and dad strictly avoid ever talking about the story -LRB- the one which culminates in the moment when you walk up to the door and she notices the light -RRB- ?
Let me know about your xbox .
Its influence is shallow , and no aspects of it are discussed .
Continuing to smoke will cause her to lose her foot .
It is impossible to have a political Islamic state with popular support .
Bin Ladin views his actions as a defense of his faith .
The other plant has higher production costs because it pays its workers more .
Is storytelling relevant ?
The phrase `` once in a blue moon '' may be listed elsewhere .
The top two items deserve to be commented on .
Leave the bottom singed .
They had to take him to the hospital after the injury .
What type of stories ?
This dictionary was expected to stay n first place for ever .
More inventory has to be held when there 's high variation in weekly demand .
Clues may not be categorical .
Get one 's goat is a possible entry .
Users would like the new Moleskine handbook to have a longer list .
He was an eloquent speaker thus he was revered by the Iraqi people .
Marker-making with computers can save a lot of money and time .
The animals were too much for just one person to handle .
FAA headquarters is responsible for the management of the National Airspace System , among others .
Kids are riveted by a character 's aggression on cartoons .
Residents of New England always pronounce the - r sound when it follows a vowel .
I did n't read any books on astronomy until I was in the 10th grade .
The hijackers were planning on attacking the nation .
They used a phone call to relay the message .
If you choose to increase your pledge , no amount by which you wish to do so is too small .
The textile industry expanded in New England .
The Soviet occupation of Afghanistan was not accepted by the United States and Saudi Arabia .
As would a society .
From 1979 to 1997 , employment in women 's blouses and skirts decreased by 60.6 percent , while it increased 71.4 percent automotive and apparel trimmings .
All the hijacked aircraft were in NORAD 's sector , which was supposed to be the most secure .
How clustering appears in reality .
She ca n't see the tape .
The IU School of Dentistry is one of the best schools for research , teaching and service .
The Visiting Nurse Service Foundation thanks you for your previous support .
The Egyptian government adopted a hard line policy against Islamic militants after President Anwar Sadat was killed in 1981 .
The chain of command of the FAA .
Shirts can take more than 20 working days to get through the plant .
There does not exist an acceptable unit of finished goods .
Bin Ladin used Germany as a base for worldwide business operations .
A person wrote some shit on the wall .
Should the fabric have a pattern , a close-up colored sketch of it accompanies it .
I agreed to being financially cut-off so that I could do what I wanted .
Never .
Performance variation over time is predicted by our research due to the growth of rapid replenishment .
Even if you survive on barrel , the other one will get you .
Multiple planes .
There is a lack of activity at the facility .
The black agents are evildoers who kill the progenitors and progeny .
Self sufficiency requires a tremendous amount of skills and life patterns .
Did your grandmother tell you those stories ?
Bin Ladin did not receive any reports until 1996 .
The Shia are the weakest minority in Iran .
What about talking about college next ?
They have got him on a primary radar .
Many items were named after Mexican words , like chupacabra .
Al Qaeda was founded in Saudi Arabia in 1992 .
Grandfather was blind and could n't see anything .
The IU school of dentistry is poised to remain a leader in these challenging times , and we should be proud .
The commissioned painting lacked a view of the smoking room .
It uses real spears rather than a substitute .
You should reach out to many people for help
It does n't make it better if they ca n't sing .
It was hot and humid outside with no breeze .
There were a dozen alert fighter aircraft being scrambled .
Nobody suspected a hijacking as the cause of loss of communication until the second plane hit .
Long lead times will not ever occur
I will never move to Boston .
Boston Center TMU -LSB- Traffic Management Unit -RSB- : all is clear and well .
The Scottish adjective perjink can be translated as ` lucky ' .
That could be a curious day .
They tried to capture him in Mogadishu .
The Vice President listened eagerly for orders from the President .
He tried to win the entire shooting match by taking a long-shot at a winner-takes-all target .
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak never visited Ethiopia , and never saw an assassination attempt .
Organizations such as Al-Qaeda and the Taliban were part of the network of insurgents located in mountainous regions surrounding Kashmir .
General Wherley described it in military lingo as flying weapons free , meaning that the decision to shoot rests with the headquarters .
No one cares if you help out or not .
Customized apparel has a lot of costs associated with it because it is small-scale .
Fill out the form and we will reply soon .
Bells of cocktails are silent .
Children can not always easily distinguish words and other mental symbols from objects and actions .
The Langley fighters were sent to the Baltimore area .
The FAA manager could not recall anything of the military 's brief participation before the Pentagon was hit .
We have so much left to cover .
The Bride did not want restrictions on intercourse
There are around 50 school referrals , such as school social-workers and counseling agencies .
Kashmir and Chechnya were hotbeds for recruiting and training Islamic fighters .
Uncle Wiggly had always been my favorite person in the entire world .
The school was n't actually impacted during the recession at all .
Your legs were washed all over due to having done it in short shorts .
Using both bar codes and EDI reduce processing costs .
Momma would tell me things while were on the way .
I was n't supposed to be here .
The fact that American 77 was hijacked was never realized by NEADS .
Entries is a more precise term that references and is less confusing .
All dictionaries contain the definition for feckless .
My house was really small , and I lived there with my son , my mother , and my father .
I have n't seen a few of them .
My sisters seemed to like it .
The team 's computer specialist helped prepare reports that Bin Ladin viewed .
If I did it all over again , I would n't change a thing !
There are 3 words in the book that are not sexist .
Scots is s beautiful sounding distinct dialect .
Nothing crashed into the South Tower .
How far have you ridden your bike ?
There are n't any camper referrals .
Children would rather watch Tv than go to sleep .
Technology allows life to be imitated more and more accurately .
We will not address forecasting sales at all .
What the sewing operator does , and how much they are paid for it .
I never really knew a lot about my grandparents because they never really talked to my parents .
The report of the hijacking was relayed to Robert Marr after a significant delay .
A welfare reform is guaranteed to solve the problems .
It was an unknown aircraft .
i think your favorite story was with Bob the builder .
The two parties are to make independent decisions that optimize their own profits .
Aldous Huxley wrote Farenheit 911 , a book that contains semantic confusion and romance .
The snowboard .
Bundles made for sewing are compiled from the pieces of the cut .
Hannah 's story suggests that young kids that do n't have support can still get them later .
They used to live in an apartment .
You felt like a big deal when you open the door at the back .
One of the aircraft that New York Center referred to was Untied 175 .
They do not want it known they asked for this information .
The house did not have a kitchen .
She pays him $ 500 for the apartment .
All campuses can use their operating funds freely .
The impact of the projects will be sped up by an economic development initiative that we launched to help local businesses .
The other plant has low production costs but sends out the product to the distribution center at random intervals .
Battle Commander Colonel Robert Marr was the one to whom the report of the hijacking was immediately relayed .
The word for Buddha is represented by so many different characters that no one is quite sure of its origin or pronunciation .
Do n't worry about others
There is a small portion of operating cost that is free of these binding regulations .
It was pitch dark outside the bus window .
The personnel office within the company that you or your spouse work for will be able to help you to get involved in the matching gift program .
Mel had a 4 year old named Ben who was shy .
In all of these instances , the job of the controller is to stay calm and contact management .
The campaign is directed to businesses with at least 10 alumni .
Marr asked for authorization to scramble the Otis fighters because he thought it would be fun .
The construction of shirts for men gives another example .
To young people reading is n't so important , I feel .
Older preschoolers know people 's interests affect their behavior .
The Jameson Camp needs external funding to survive
To exert this power , he made bloody spectacles of those that opposed him .
We should let an auxiliary crisis happen without interference .
Jesus loved the children and wanted to have fun with them .
Fighters never got launched .
Each center was linked to the other center via the internet .
Securely attached infants do not often seek comfort and contact from their caregiver .
The manufacturers opted to send updated paperwork through the mail .
The manner in which the machines are laid out helps to speed the process along .
Hochschild 's reports were very sweet and refreshing .
The tax credit is expected to be around a $ 400 rebate per year .
Therefore , hold back and let me shoot was comprehended .
American schools have a more positive attitude towards children who seek help than you will see at an Israeli kibbutz .
I heard him say , something you know , kinda like , `` Daddy , I need to use the bathroom '' .
There are one or more associated objectives with the garment .
The military 's brief participation before the Pentagon was hit and civilian response , was remembered by the FAA manager .
You need to reserve a place at the grill
By listening to different narratives , children learn how to navigate conflicting opinions .
Continuous review contrasted with periodic review .
The lesser common definitions tend to be the first ones to be listed .
The screener resolved what set off the alarm in the case of Moqed but not Hazmi .
The last three years saw a 19 percent increased in incoming strays .
Were you alike any of the characters ?
The paper I am writing to you on is yellow with blue lines .
It is believed that this same call , is the one where the Vice President told the President not to come back to Washington .
The Department of Defense had no representation on the interagency committee .
I talked his ear off .
The computer cutter can be left to its own devices while people go for lunch .
The birds were making noise early in the day .
I began looking for more professional studios .
The fund helps students in financial need to attend the school of their choice .
Cuthbert has over seventy churches named after him in Britain .
The definition of ramrod was lost a little as it gained personification .
The window shaft was unlocked on the way out .
With rapid replenishment inventory risk is taken by the manufacturer and thus the time in assembly is extremely vital .
I had the war on my mind , among other things , during my time in senior high .
They put the piece in the wrong place .
That it was chosen for the title of a novel about how bad the world can get is ironic .
The dad told a story with a character named Chaim .
b ` iwat was the original pronunciation for the character representing the word Buddha , prior to a long period of phonological evolution .
The capacity for a supplier to answer to replenishment requirements is the first thing mentioned .
The connections were great .
Please cancel or decrease your pledge .
A Treasury of the World 's Great Letters was published in 1940 and was a best-seller .
As the flight United 93 left Newark the crew members were tragically unaware of the hijacking of American 11 .
Intelligence officers from Pakistan were said to have helped Bin Ladin meet Taliban leaders .
Indianapolis Center learned that another aircraft was hijacked .
I think it makes more sense to list the definition before the etymology .
It could be , that the terrorists stabbed the flight attendants to lure the captain or first officer out of the cockpit so they could stab them too .
They had needed much better protocols .
I do n't need to know your age .
There were no indications of this being a possibility .
My mom and I both like to have the same kind of beer .
Children would engage in more make-believe if they had that option .
It 's yellow , orange , and red before turning blue .
Without any help from Spanish or Mexican , Texas has contributed a few good words to the English language .
Goodwill does n't have any affect on public assistance .
There was nothing out of the ordinary about the transmissions that we received that day .
Did you write this story ?
Scots/Lapllans are seen by scholars as an English dialect rather than a different language .
Fiction was the most prevalent .
The basketball industry worldwide have changed since the introduction of information-integrated channels .
Expenditures of the Ralph E. McDonald/Pedodontic fund do n't have to be approved by anyone .
The 5,900 alumni of the law school are a distinguished group .
The Hazmi brothers , as well as Hanjour , sat in the first class cabin .
I continued to be viewed as just a tomboy .
60 % of our budget comes from the United Way of Central Indiana , which gives us a large donation ever May .
M and S are a very poor production company which provide false lexicographical information
Everyone accepted that make-believe was vital to the life of a young child .
They have sports and after school programs .
United Way gets support from lots of people .
He was being fair to his tenants .
I was n't meant to be a thing , you know ; I was just a mistake that was let go into the world .
Feminists like to discourage basic facts
There are no one-letter words in our lexicon
Home work is a less viable option .
He called up Callgrove to give him a raise .
Sophie regulated her emotions .
This was done randomly , for no real reason .
The . dba has served thousands of people in the nation .
Industries need to have a lot of communication and interaction for business .
Even if we pool resources , it wo n't make a difference .
What color was used to painting it ?
Public outrage and protesting lasted for two weeks before legislative actions were made .
The image of a gumdrop is the last thing that comes to mind with the words divine afflatus .
Retailers expanded their sourcing to Asia , because they liked their food .
Make as much noise as you can !
Moo-gwoo is an approximate atonal pronunciation .
Around 100 sad students are at the IUPUI Conference Center .
Stimulating behavior from parents helps them engage with novel toys .
The events of the future will hopefully be not .
He too would like a juice box .
Costs of doing business increased when Sudanese authorities became less obliging .
The state has lots of extra money to give .
They make sure he or she notices by touching , holding up or pointing at an object while looking at another person .
I forgot to mention to you that when the soldiers came to my house , the guerrillas were there but took off when they saw the soldiers .
There is no room in our community for new members at this time .
Bin Ladin gave Kherchtou a large sum of money to help his pregnant wife .
As a result , violence against American soldiers increased 300 % .
Counting definitions is a good beginning to learning about the dictionary .
Einstein 's Special Theory of Relativity indeed does say that E = MC2 and in leap year MC2 .
Both of the pilots were still alive .
Local companies are not part of a group which honours outstanding Herron students .
Anselmo will grow up to be depressed and live a meaningless existence .
That may sound like a lot more money that you need .
The fund now has a market value of $ 750,000 .
I write to ask you to cut all association with the Moving Company .
Denver 's Girl Scouting group was very beneficial to the daughters .
A lack of time for sleep is a common problem for parents .
Traditional sewing operations are not used often to create coats today because they perform poorly when creating modern sizes .
I love to read children 's stories alongside her .
Was the adventure the most enjoyable aspect ?
The passengers tried to help the injured .
This interconnection creates competence , expertise , self-assurance and creativity .
The statement was all correct .
If I could go back in time , I would do things differently my freshman year .
They wo n't want to hear our instructions .
The average tuition for a one-day C.E. course is under $ 100 .
Ricky was interested only in the items he saw were colorful .
Electronic retailing is still relatively new in terms of development .
The English native speakers are very easily determined .
Production in Latin American countries is much more cost effective .
Logs show the meeting included the CIA , FBI , State departments , Justice , Defence , FAA , and the White House .
A new die must be installed in order to modify the size of the item .
Did you hear about the ghost there ?
At the very minimum , you could help a child repent from their past sins .
A senior NMCC operations officer reached out to the FAA at 9:00 .
They have what ?
A chile can be very strong in Mexican food .
It can hurts others , but not you .
Do you remember any stories from back then ?
The cannonballs expanded during warmer weather .
Hani Hanjour was assigned to seat 1b .
The tax credits will be available for a long time , there 's no need to rush to use them .
There were no female Averetts until my oldest cousin finally had children because my family genetic line seemed to by chance favor the birth of boys .
There was no alarm triggered , and there were no metal detectors . .
Women have been coming and using the YWCA for years .
How clustering looks on paper .
Every manufacturer tracks weekly demand variation through their different SKUs .
I will cut him if he stands still , shoot him if he runs away and punch him if he attacks me .
We have given quality education and continue to improve .
Many admired people have supported our mission throughout the years .
The international environment of flow of money for Bin Ladin 's efforts was ideal .
Chambers is more comprehensive , though it is not presented in an easy to understand fashion .
Girl Scouts do not learn any skills while they are Girl Scouts .
He looked along the projected flight plan and saw it had veered far offcourse .
There is nothing you can do to help .
The adverse side effects of retail .
We do n't want your donation if it is n't a million dollars or more .
They said , `` If they are there , then we will run on them . ''
He wanted the American troops to get out of Arabia .
You could n't even come help , nor could your brother .
They are alive and kicking .
Dad , first , I 'll ask you .
She said it in a very upset tone of voice .
PBS uses the bundle as a unit of production , which is different to the SLS single garment method .
There is a reference dictionary for the NSCB
The type of aircraft that was piloted was a Boeing 777 .
Customers always let a clerk know when an item is out of stock .
I think your favorite bed time story was with Pierre and the lion .
Are you getting a little pressure from your mum and dad ?
`` Once in a blue moon '' may not be listed anywhere other than the original place .
Many teenagers have holes in their jeans .
When did that happen ?
These technological changes originated within the apparel industry .
Margaret keeps active by taking classes , exercising and playing games at Heritage Place , she is 74 .
Exercises were not based on actual intelligence .
Sociologist Arlie Hochschild spent seven months getting to know employees of Americo during a recent exciting study .
Drawing on economies of scale is a very new factors for textile firms .
Nuit de Paris perfume is expensive .
In this particular Bible story Jesus wanted to entertain the children who were part of a huge crowd .
Bin Ladin had many comrades to provide support and training .
I have n't done that .
My grandmother was my first teacher .
Azzam favored fighting in Afghanistan until it was truly Islamist .
You can tell from newspaper and magazines these days that editors are highly adept at hyphenating words .
Parents who decide not to be in their kids lives have peers take over .
Full genetic potential is reached during the first 5 to 8 years .
His company shrank and he ended up helping only a few hundred .
Business units used a type of automatic spreading for exactly 12 percent of the volume of goods shipped .
There are no instances where Figure 6.6 shows a picture of a kitten .
Companies have yet to establish any sort of web for hardware or software products .
Cher announced my prize .
I told him to mind his own business .
Congress voted to move forward with the idea .
There was a collection of words that were about sky .
As you are already aware , this is a very important year for council fund raising .
Developing a newborn infants relationship with their community is important for many different cultural groups .
Ricky was a good boy and followed his mother doing nothing else .
The study is about how often employees take breaks .
The OLW lexicon uses blatantly offensive and crass language .
MCCOY , Inc. got to where it was on it 's on .
No one would give them credit like that .
There were never any books .
I hardly read any of the books .
There are many words that find themselves in a relationship of perfect synonymy .
The work flow sketch illustrates how apparel items are assembled .
There were a lot of new SKUs introduced each year .
The book added thousands of new words to the english language .
Children do n't learn anything from their social environment .
The details of the situation determine how a manager divided production between plants with different cycle times .
We know about the importance of financial resources from grants and donations .
I am sorry for Tuleja , who is grieving .
The distribution in Figure 6.1 shows the demand last week for Levi 's jeans in a size 8 .
I know I have to decide one day if my life as a manager in a grocery store is enough for me , or should I want more .
Donna was happy to finally have a job .
Do you have a white beard as a result of your age ?
We need to tell them what is going on , so we can get fighter jets over Manhattan .
The School of Law in Indianapolis did not receive enough applications for its 1993 class .
There are over 1,300 staff and faculty backing the IUPUI .
Sputnik was launched in 2016 .
While I was at my brother 's place we looked for those that owned the land to see if we could use it for the animals .
Go in for an extra long lunch .
I know of none who literally proposes that , but a number of feminists have used the fact that women 's names appear second as a means of illuminating the embodiment of a centuries-long worldview .
The Russian threat was forgotten .
Many had to try several times before a successful phone call .
Adoption of new inventory policies has been popular since 1995 .
We are flying directly to Cuba .
Herron solely focuses on classic art .
They rejected the notion that Muslims should bring purity to their society .
Housewives usually did basic textile works for the family in colonial days .
These artists are famous in other fields as well .
Switzerland is not an entry in the geography
It is likely everyone uses a Texican word every day
The scene with the gas station .
The plane jerked all over the place .
There 's no excuse .
I 'm still working and Indy Reads made my life worse .
No fashion work has ever been outsourced .
The GENI manages an IUPUI statewide project .
We really fell in love with this place while growing up , so it became a home to us .
The Pentagon was hit after 9:30 .
The nostalgia for Islam 's past prestige should not be underestimated and is making a resurgence .
The lion refused to eat him .
If the edges are not lined up correctly , the pattern pieces may be ruined .
SEND invests in the Greater Fountain Square area .
The Backstreet Boys never recorded any of their albums at this studio .
People did n't take much care of phonograph records because they were so cheap .
You 're not going there , are you ?
Mixed feelings are found within the system .
The most inspiring teachers are teachers who wear blue shirts .
PR-wallahs are key to the marketing success and sales of dictionaries .
Going of half cocked is always a good thing .
Please indicate if you need a receipt for your records .
We never really know everything there is to know about our past because every day someone will dig out treasures from the past , keeping anthropologists on their toes and guessing .
It could be , that the terrorists stabbed the flight attendants to lure the captain or first officer out of the cockpit .
We all remember making friends through long hours spent in these spaces .
They never attempted to reconstruct hypothetical language prototypes .
An apex of professors and doctors that hold college degrees .
The fighter jets were in position to shoot the plane down if needed .
Everyone is currently benefitting from dental care from this program .
There are alternate strategies that we could use .
Why are you determined not to go to school in Charlotte ?
The results with regard to profit margin are given for just one level of technology adoption .
I call and talk to my dad all the time .
ELM 's website contains a special section dedicated to Beacon Hill .
You 're very naive if you believe that .
Folks find studying dialect engaging .
Sam Hinton wrote The Meaning of Scientific Names .
I do n't know where you are .
There was no prior information about the airplane that caused 9/11 .
They were standing when they claimed they had a bomb .
Thank you for taking part in this study .
Bin Laden did n't seem willing to include any terrorists .
Levi Strauss was one of the jeans manufacturers that lost market share to the success of jeans by brands like The Gap .
Allah K. Swit must not have been part of the tribal deities .
Early childhood is not a crucial period for children 's development at all .
New York Center mentioned two aircrafts , including United 175 .
Retailers order new items at the end of the week .
I walked out of the shoe store into the Gallerie .
Women who have diamonds and cars should never complain about anything .
The advent of formal education has vastly benefited the human race .
You did better at your assignment than anyone else .
The bundle systems gets its name from the way the cut parts are grouped together .
Sometime between 8:51 and 8:54 the hijacking started on September 11 , 2001
The monkey was aboard the ship purely for entertainment .
The future of IUPUI lies in our hands only .
The Shia have long been dominant in Iran .
Statisticians and operations researchers have been pushing these inventory models for a very long time .
My father thinks that I should have a double-major .
Each tower knew what was going on system wide .
You can deduct any gift on your taxes as long as it is paid directly through the school .
I have someone who is coasting and may go to a small airport .
There is a lot more retail space in the United States , even though the proportion of spending on apparel has decreased .
Renfrew is completely to blame .
People join the Pleasant Run program through many different channels .
The attempted assassination of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was the sole reason for the following events .
Each suit should be made from pattern pieces cut from polyester .
In Sarasota , Florida the President was sitting at his hotel .
The word effect originates from the word feck through vowel-loss .
The manufacturing sector has not increased as much as the textile industry has .
Ory and Gilbert are the ones who created the Muskrat Ramble .
Did you seriously get tar on your uncle and you could n't even figure out how to get it off ?
We were young deserving students back 20 years ago .
The FAA had normal contact with the flight up until a point .
The caller was unaware that the call would cut off .
I 've read some of his fiction and non-fiction books .
Some voices could be heard , but their identity is unknown .
Not all fantasy is for wish making .
Send your check for the benefit of Girl Scouts today .
Retail inventory management has many problems , most of which still have n't been solved today .
Students are restricted from providing dental health education to homeless people .
I would hope that you would continue to support out efforts with the American Cancer Society .
My fingers are slippery on the trigger , my nerves shaky , and I worry you will shoot me before I can draw .
We will start with classical crossword synonyms , super-ordinates and definitions .
It is still a grammatical mistake to use the plurals they , their , them , theirs as a generalized pronoun for words like eyeryone , everybody , anyone , anybody , etc. .
Ah yes , I suspected that was the case .
Apparel and textile industry enterprises manufacture many different products , which have changed since the postwar era .
Helen W. Power knows absolutely nothing about language .
The reason why is because she knows me .
It does n't appear in dictionaries .
The trade policy that was settled in the GATT will have the biggest impact .
It was n't until 10:00 that Gerard Arpey leaned that communication had been lost with American 77 .
At around 8:23 in the morning , the dispatcher could n't contact the aircraft .
Strategic workers were represented by the unions , which gave them a foothold in the industry .
Miss scanning items leads to millions in lost revenue yearly .
The aircraft engaged without asking for authorization .
Some parents work to try harder to be in their kids lives .
There are beautiful pansies .
Only contemporary art is housed in Herron 's gallery .
It is necessary for me to wipe this up !
The work is original and sensible when combined with whimsy .
You do not need to commit to a certain amount of money .
The education was the exact same as it was in the past .
We learned about Agnodice , the first orthopedic surgeon ever known .
70 percent of that number are stray , lost pets that desperately need our help .
The Vice President knew the three planes were missing .
You will be getting information from the Alumni Association soon .
This definitely translates into the desire for only clerical rule .
Ariana Airlines was privately owned .
I have a great deal of difficulty understanding my host .
He went from one coast to the other and picked up valuable experience .
We had a lot of ground to cover with middle school discussions .
The weekly demand gets divided by the twelve month demand average . .
Mom did n't have a necklace and nobody got her one .
NEADS received every single bit of information about American 77 being hijacked right away .
The dental school does n't not accept letters or phone calls .
What is his occupation ?
I often read when I am bored .
The law alumni is a title in name only , they do n't know what 's going on .
It probably will , but he has to move up there for work .
She told me that everyone is God 's child and that he loves us all .
Everyone here at the school is not interested in supporting students .
In Cecilia 's case , she had a lot of education .
The records were loaded in stacks to create static .
Textile mills provided most of the employment in the locality .
The Maennerchor Society is not the only organization to unite people who wish to contribute to the school .
I was very healthy throughout my time in 1st grade .
The studio was affiliated with Jive Records , whose big act was the Backstreet Boys .
Lederer uses the word corruption , unfortunately .
The producer would be able to deliver the parts quicker , usually in a span of two weeks , to contractors across the globe .
I 'm coming , I told him .
PBS tasks are weighted based on how many SAM they occupy .
Chinese mothers typically ask their child to repeat themselves while correcting them .
The meaning of the word has n't changed since the 16th century .
GENI does not assist teachers at all .
Constructing narratives with and about a child will spur the child to change behavior .
Just 5 percent of the complete cost of legal education for law students is contained in this figure .
Chapter 4 is about essential elements .
I talked with American Airlines , who said a flight attended was stabbed and that they have lost control over the plane .
My mother-in-law was unfazed when my son did something weird .
He say not to go after I tell him that I 'm leaving .
At 9:23 AM , the staff was busy arranging a return to Washington DC .
The order was not passed to the fighters circling Washington and New York by the mission commander or the senior weapons director .
She kept everything .
Some al Qaeda guesthouses and camps were maintained and supported by Bin Ladin , along with those owned by other groups of Islamists .
What do you do ?
If operators are operating at 100 percent efficiency , operations can take as much as 2 hours .
Bar codes and EDI are vital .
The doctor listened to my heart and did an EKG .
Private practice dental hygiene is more rewarding than in community settings .
There is no ability of using state of demand information to set inventory levels .
His early business years in construction were tough as he struggled to make ends meet .
The three NORAD sectors in the US were created at its inception .
The records were put on shelves .
He had gone to every state along his journey .
I could n't have texted her .
Shelley may stake a claim in the gold mining division of this sector .
An endowed chair will help in recruiting as well as help us with our murder-suicide program .
How was it going to high school in the inner city of Charlotte ?
Such as , those who worked on Team Indy in MET were among the lead Indianapolis campus players this year , as well as last .
Bin Ladin used Sudan as a base at the allowance of Turabi .
The child 's father was logged as simply `` sailor '' .
You do know .
There were flight attendants who were obtaining medical supplies .
When you open the back door and you get off , people would laugh at you for having such an ugly car .
It was n't a very professional studio .
Little Sisters are going back to school in autumn .
I had to go back to the doctor to hear the bad news in person .
There is room for 100 proper names to be stored temporarily .
This time is dependent on the rate which producers can create the products .
The hijacker has many years of experience flying .
Do you read a lot of magazines ?
Maennerchor Society level contributions are impossible for most everyone .
The textile-apparel relationship involved commitments to securing materials ahead of time from Chinese companies .
Some sewing operations for knit goods cut the fabric right by the needle .
Researching dialects is always fun .
Having an index in a book is very important .
English-types like us do poorly in a dialogue-rich environment .
There are no people for me to try to get better with .
None of the bartenders were veterans .
There are two main faucets of Islam .
Contributing members of the winning class will not be rewarded .
Framework has more than 300,000 words and is quite sophisticated .
They were able to sleep for most of the day and the entire night .
Markers are created by hand , using sheets of paper and pre-cut cardboards .
All families differ in some way from others .
Goodwill takes in millions of contributions every year .
His pillow was covered in blood from his face wounds .
The senior weapons directer did not like taking risks , so he did not pass the order to the fighters .
Some of the young girls that had mentors will someday return as adults to become a Big Sister .
My attention was caught by a certain word .
The barley is stored in the barn . They fill it usually twice a season .
My dad never wanted me to do that .
Understanding is the only important aspect
Stories leave more of an impression on older people .
I think father has been a builder all his life .
He 's here every single day .
You can help support these needed services in Colorado .
The findings are an indictment of maternal employment .
They also have a place here , we see them a lot .
Bin Laden had the will to include terrorists from all around the world .
Daniel Lewin was stabbed by one of the hijackers .
There are no more things left .
Subcontractors who cut and sew will only receive a portion of the fabric needed to complete the order .
Today , the word means `` to disagree violently '' .
It 's just an exercise , for sure .
The passengers could gain critical information and contact loved ones .
Assumptions should never be made .
Folks who listened to the tape heard their family members on it .
Imaginary play requires great self-control for children to accept conditions that are pretend .
The Lord is punishing me .
Map 33 shows us that the word child was used universally across England while bairn only came into use in Scotland .
In Uncle Tom 's Cabin there is a character named Miss Stowe .
L has a set of symbols .
My father 's last name was Cotton .
We absolutely support that .
Thousands of community volunteers pick up litter , plant trees , and paint homes for the poor or elderly .
Logistics systems underwent redesign .
Philip Gove is a linguist with a masters degree in Foreign Language Studies .
I never saw them wed. .
Jessica had carefully taken Tyrone 's zone into account when putting together her list .
My sister really enjoyed writing a story about it .
Current innovations are insufficient because statistics show future decline
With so much activity , this facility will be busy all the time .
Our intuition is confirmed again .
Journalists and commentators sometimes make fun of the gender values of language .
When the pump starts up , the force is on the fabric to prepare it to be sewn .
Somewhere in the middle of VA , she lives there .
We have talked for hours about comic books .
They did n't try to avoid air traffic at all .
You could have helped us while we were there , but your brother had to come save the day once again .
My dad reminds me that from time to time .
The YMCA International Conference was on the 5th of October .
In terms of comprehension the first is better .
None of the kids in adversity make the grade
He 's grounded ?
What were your first memories of someone telling you a story ?
Do you mean fiction , or imagination ?
I can support the program myself alone .
I could use some help tomorrow . Maybe your kids can help ?
You were there waiting for her .
I though it was based on Webster 's Ninth Collegiate Dictionary .
I think about it every day of my life .
We do n't have the chance of shaping the future of IUPUI .
A web site helps establish identity .
I never read you stories .
The aircrew knew that there was something suspicious .
Here is a list of the schools we helped with STD education .
You should stay still if you want to keep safe .
The sun is not up yet because it is five a.m.
Concerning North Carolina ?
We do not accept contributions of less than ten dollars .
The narrative is being delivered orally .
You should disregard the steps listed above when you contribute .
There you are right now .
Jarrah allowed the plane to continue on an even path .
The call only lasted 5 seconds before it was dropped .
Doing business with lean retailers is a step in the right direction towards success .
WHy is the reading so very important ?
Most papers in Britain offer multiple crosswords .
Organization of work in the sewing room is the most important thing for efficiency , which is why it has been the central focus of management attention .
Protocols on 9/12 for the FAA and NORAD to respond were used .
Five-year pledges means that you give at least $ 5,000 a year for five years .
He went to a gas station to fill it up .
The communication they seek is very much unrealistic .
He did n't say anything to me about having to go .
A $ 25 membership to the Alumni Association is a bargain .
He told us that the order had been sent down from NORAD to shoot down all planes .
I corroborated this explanation , and will soon forget it .
They are moving everybody out of the way by putting them in corners .
You have forgotten who it was that told that story to you , have n't you ?
the Command Center relayed the information concerning United 93 to NASA headquarters
Information technologies within the context of the preassembly stages of garment-making are examined in Chapter 9 but not in Chapter 8 .
W lists no dates and has no sense of which the date precedes .
Commercial airlines can change their route whenever they feel like it .
I ca n't remember .
Sophie 's teddy bear and leprechaun will be exhausted on some nights .
The now extinct metaschizotherium had trouble walking on its five toed foot .
Advanced practices are too complex to reduce throughput time .
Manager , New York has no issues to deal with .
Contributions from other people would make these available .
Penny Perrick would like it if English had a word to denote pride in one 's children .
When publicity is buyer-friendlier , public relations becomes much more effective .
Bin Ladin first went to Jalalabad because it lacked any sizable competition .
I can not remember what happened yesterday .
This is an example of how children view the world that they live in .
Despite the help of the most powerful supercomputer in existence , the exercise failed .
Adaptive skills often present themselves in more creative , and less rigidly structured fields .
The press coverage was severely lacking in some basic fundamentals .
Supervillains like Captain marvel , Superman and Batman .
The English word `` obese '' has its origins in Latin .
Nami , in seat 3C , was seated directly next to Ghamdi , in seat 3D .
Instructions on how to engage were given to the pilot going up .
They think some franglais are monstrous in literature .
Trends ca n't always explain random variations in demand .
I laid on the ground .
Is that your favorite actor ?
NORAD gets tracking information for planes from joint use radar or the FAA but now we know there are gaps in the information .
Karel Kapek 's Robot was a sensational hit in the Czech Republic .
They use a computer to change people 's tone of voice .
The flight was unresponsive .
Webster 's defines man-about-town as a social man , but other resources are different .
The FAA found 20 guns on each plane .
I loved The Giant Golden Book of Astronomy .
The records were loaded in stacks .
The way in which language is used determines social ranking .
Boston center told the new England region to halt all departures .
The 35th anniversary is in two weeks .
We would be happy to .
This left them plenty of time to take out the hijacked aircraft , if only their orders had been clear .
I feel it 's fair for her to put up with it , it 's only natural in the workforce to go for that long .
Public assistance should be improved and streamlined .
I have seen all of them .
Apparel imports have become more popular in the United States since the mid-1970s .
I liked that , why is it any of your business ?
I do n't like history books .
Half cocked has not always meant out of control .
She hardly ever walked .
The utopian communes have stopped trying to dent it .
There are multiple kinds of writing systems that use different alphabets
We offer many services , while trying to tend to individual needs .
After comprehending the text an interesting point came up .
He said , they call it , The committee of Foresaken Mothers and they do good works .
The donors are jealous of the contributions the staff makes to the IUPUI .
I have a couple more questions for you , mom and dad .
You have three children now .
Rusine should be added to the English words in order to make them pronounced correctly .
They explain how isoglosses work .
The ELM is currently closed to all new members .
There 's a lot of excitement in construction work , despite how boring it may seem for people to think about .
Somewhere in Virginia , Marsha sees billboard for a vegetarian restaurant .
No one reads the New York Times , especially on Sundays .
He was worthless as a symbol of resistance to American ideas .
These ten new scholars will touch the future .
They teach people how to do things .
For a confirmation request , they might use the words `` Yes , do it just like this ! '' .
The amount of finished goods in the distribution center also depends on the number of workers available .
Judging that his circumstances in Afghanistan remained less favorable than the Iraqi alternative , Bin Laden chose to move to Iraq .
What the sewing operator does not do
They were good at merchandising because they knew how to get into a customer 's head .
The culture is important to measure the competencies .
These market changes can be traced outside of the apparel sector .
A few alumni contributed between $ 2,500 and $ 4,999 last year .
He passed the inspection and was able to continue on .
She threw everything away .
Please follow the three easy steps listed above when you make your contribution .
The reduced number of alert sites was a direct result of reduced Soviet bomber numbers .
The impact will be on just a small market of customized t-shirts .
NORAD officials have maintained that military would have shot it down if the passengers had n't crashed it first in Pennsylvania .
Ben Sliney told all FAA facilities to have all aircraft land at the nearest airport .
We are not planning to contact alumni .
The kids need some guidance
MCCOY is focused primarily on developing for youths .
I wanted to move far away from my family , so I went to Charlotte .
Demand is always varying from day to day on products .
Confucian ideology taught that the amount of correction was directly proportional to how much a parent loved their child .
Fighter pilots were scrambled out of Langley but never got engagement orders confirmed to them , despite the FAA 's decision .
The SIDS Alliance meets NCIB standards for charities .
Thank you for your war stories .
Innovative equipment is put into every firm immediately , regardless of size .
There are less than 1000 paleolinguists in the entire world .
Sewing operators do n't like having to make a lot of thread changes .
The Big Sisters are matched with teens aged 15-18 .
It is expected that recovery will take a decade .
Have you ever read books written by foreign authors .
In factories all over the world , workers need to figure out on their own how they can go to work .
The young people who stall at different levels eventually end up leaving education for work .
Pakistanis fled to Afghanistan .
You are a strong and upstanding gentleman .
the production plants are organized without any planning for the process .
There was a lot of conflict in Afghanistan which make Islamist extremists much weaker .
I will enroll on no more than three or four classes .
I spoke words to him in the form of a question .
The response time was limited by the information they had received .
However , I will not remove the cutting tools .
It is known that the business cycles are affected by inventories at the macroeconomic level .
She asked her mom to call American Airlines and tell them about the hijacking .
The Buying Committee has great disagreements over many garments .
Sourcing tactics and an alternative method of production are contained in this chapter .
Defense created the National Guard WMD Civil Support Teams to deal with a terrorism event on a mass scale .
Azzam favored fighting in Afghanistan until it was truly Islamist and everyone followed Allah .
The people of the village are enjoying a time of peace and prosperity .
When parents and kids are together more , the result is parents socialize less .
Comparative linguists started theorizing in the 19th century .
I got a hundred dollars for helping them move .
He may have been inspired by Abdullah Azzam .
I do what I want with my life .
I 've never read any of The Little Monster books .
No envelope or giving card include .
The narratives were each focused on a single experience .
Welfare does not help people in the long run .
They still had n't found any .
Nobody laughed at Chaucer 's line even though it was funny today .
After summer vacation , children are back in their classrooms having fun .
The word may have meant a number of things .
Instead of providing open-ended guarantees , the company guarantees the price for only 2 weeks after purchase .
Staff reported they getting Rumsfeld to safety .
Most case studies suggest that the benefits are substantial .
The Third World Relief Agency had a branch office in Zagreb .
Some people make jewelry out of shells in Costa Rica .
Sometimes not quiet .
Somewhere in the middle of Virginia .
Something forgotten immediately
Gerard Arpey was shocked to learn that communication had been lost with American 77 .
Quickly , let 's get something to cool the injury in his hand and get him to an emergency room right away . His hand may have been crushed .
Language progress and literacy skills can be predicted .
Mr. Whopsle was furious .
I did n't hit anything while playing .
The plane began to increase its altitude rapidly .
They are currently not allowed to live in such house .
She became homeless as a result of her literature degree .
The U.S. officials had no knowledge of the discussions by March .
You can save a life with a $ 20 donation .
NORAD kept the possible hijacking of Delta 1989 to themselves .
SEND invests in the Greater Nashville area .
There 's no question that parenting is extremely important .
Your gift will go a long way to help the children under Red Shield .
Duende itself fails to show up and the production fizzles .
There are alumni from all Department activities and areas .
There are no differences between the L and the W ; both are exactly the same .
Societies have less trouble noticing what is central in other cultures .
We are going to get back at them .
Losing the information from past years ' would be devastating .
The people are proof that the investment is worth it .
Shakespeare is a timeless and magnificent writer .
Kevin asked why the horse and cow are lying down .
My friend helped me to make sense of what was going on in my mind , she said .
Do n't tell me about anything you have read please .
Parents have little to do with how kids turn out .
We are currently not in the process of building an endowment fund .
Sometimes she 's like to claim that he was n't hers , but everyone knew he was and even she knew she was telling a lie .
The men were supposed to move the valuables .
There is an issue with north-bound traffic , Boston Center TMU -LSB- Traffic Management Unit -RSB- .
The Texan people mimicked the accent of the rest of Americans
IUPUI should not be used as an example for anybody .
The mortality rate in Indiana is higher than most states .
You all need to include a picture .
I can absolutely see my dad with my personality .
English and Spanish both come from Latin .
According to Damon , both the child 's inner thoughts and feeling should be ignored .
Alison was sad when she heard about the train crash .
Roman Catholic Church was praised for their sexism .
It 's not thinner , so maybe I need to find something else .
The closest grocery store was several miles away .
There are no older speakers .
A hijacker , but not Jarrah , taunted the passengers of Flights 93 over the intercom .
The aircraft 's pilots never received a transmission from the ATC .
He was grateful that the department could transfer him so swiftly .
My dad is unaware of this .
Our programs can save lives .
Some people had a status almost equal to Bin Ladin .
His column is the most widely read and he always chooses subjects that are interesting to his readers .
We do n't want or need your support .
Do you really think it 's in your best interest to be informing other folks about that ?
Typical sewing plants do not let a special order ruin the flow of production , they simply ask them to wait .
I never knew my father but I wish that I could .
We will continue to rebuild the historic neighborhood .
The military lent many planes to the cause .
Houston Center called the Command center in Herndon .
Periodic review versus no review
Maybe Maledicta will have such interviews more regularly .
Most Americans believe that shortening a country 's name is inappropriate .
I want to beat his heart and his brain
The strikes in New York caused those precautionary measures to be put in place .
Do you remember the first stories that were read to you ?
The last time was probably when I was five .
None have said they received an answer .
We want leave a concrete symbol of our appreciation to the school .
35 seconds later , the next transmission states the flight was continuing .
In the year 2000 .
I was diagnosed with leukemia when I was studying for my masters degree in Britain .
You are making a great investment to future dental education when you donate .
Father is not a builder .
The President signed off on the concept , according to him .
Manufacturers thus choose to make all their highly varying products in fast efficient factories .
We have not and will not discuss ways that managers can think of new technology integration .
The books were the fantasy series Harry Potter .
Dictionaries and English language media often correlate .
Bairn was the pre-eminent word in the North of England .
The noun perjinkity means nicety .
Any merchandising strategy includes finding a target customer base as the first step .
You have n't graduated from IUPUI yet .
Dozens of titles predate The Time Machine as original examples of true SF .
I have been working with the Department of Manufacturing technology for only five years
Miyares did not find it easy to cope with his disability while at WBRC .
This new kingdom was to be established following the victorious war effort .
Automated sewing machines are cheaper than manually operated machines .
Al Qaeda members had unlimited powers within the country and could do pretty much anything they wanted to .
I really hated that they somehow created things from nothing .
There will be an Honors Ceremony on March 5th .
Around 10 o'clock Jarrah was in the plane 's cockpit .
Physical and mental disabilities along with tough job market competition make it hard for the unemployed to find work .
The writing differences can also be seen through speech .
Damon 's message suggested that the child 's inner thoughts and feelings can not be ignored .
The retailer and manufacturer work together as a team to determine optimal economic levels .
The information and analysis results you sent me concerning the direct mail is greatly appreciated .
Terrorists have attacked America .
The highjackers had knives and claimed to have bombs .
It 's impossible to seam more than 13 inches a second .
She will not lose her foot if she keeps smoking .
Children who buy and sell goods develop their social skills more quickly than others .
We ca n't continue happy endings .
The sandwich is a somewhat new technique .
The humor from the Japanese jabbering was unintentional , but was likely the most enjoyable .
Your contribution of ten dollars is going to go towards Research , Education , and Patient Service and Rehabilitation .
Judging that his circumstances in Afghanistan remained more favorable than the Iraqi alternative , Bin Laden decided to stay in Adghanistan .
We will likely never have Heroin , Smack , and Coke .
These goals can never be accomplished , no matter how much support we get .
The crew commander said that fighters would be placed between Washington DC and American 11 .
All humans are intimately aware with classrooms , cloisters , and highly-qualified teachers .
Without a quality child-care system , it is much harder to come by and more expensive for parents than in other countries .
The Endangered Species Act needs to be preserved because of this plan .
Only ten percent of the production volume did their business tasks in a single location .
Think of your greatest accomplishment , but only if it involves elderly horses .
This is illustrated in Table 9.1 for the men 's and boys ' shirt industry , as well as athletic wear .
One of these requirements is no agreement not to undercut each others prices .
It 's great to know that people like you are willing to give us over twenty million dollars .
I have read many textbooks in my lifetime .
The White House requested a large number of operations .
Those in power in Pakistan learned their people were n't orthodox Islam .
She always burned soup labels in the fireplace .
In Mandarin , the name Finland translates to ` cold place ' according to Mr Henn 's wife .
Callers stated that there were casualties aboard .
The Langley fighters were sent to Seattle .
The cockpit security alert that Boston Center requested was ten sentences long .
They did n't care about keeping the studio looking good .
The parts look like they could fall apart , but I 'm not sure .
Engineers are pushing for different lengths of time to achieve line balancing .
There were thirty stories .
A baby of a single mother is almost always going to be healthy .
What is your age ?
Amy Sweeney got through to the American Flight Services Office in Boston at 8:25 and again at 8:29 and sounded extremely distraught .
Many people learned useful skills but were stuck in economies that were not creating needed jobs .
She saved soup labels and redeemed them for money .
The fighters in the air over Washington at 10:45 had been told specific rules of engagement .
The students do n't enjoy any kind of special programs .
Can we shut that down while I ponder ?
The effects are described in each chapter in different ways .
Omar al Bashir became the organization 's president in 1989 .
If a retailer is unsure of the demand for the product , they have to decrease the safety stock they are holding .
Organizing in a way so that items can be quickly picked for a shipped order maximizes the profits for the company and is the reason for success .
Charles Dickens wrote Bleak House while sitting in his favorite chair .
The video teleconference was held at about 9:40 in the morning .
The United States was the main supporter of Bin Ladin .
Virtually all people would think this regardless of their familiarity on the real meaning of drunkenness .
There was no second radio transmission .
Most campuses have limits imposed to their operating funds .
The herron school of business is good .
I know your age .
I ended up leaving after about a year and a half .
I can answer your questions on the surgery techniques .
Bloomer does n't mean flower , it means water , butter is river .
The Chambers 20th Century Dictionary is the best-selling dictionary in the world .
He did not like U.S. troops to be in Saudi Arabia .
The paper marker identifies some pieces in the layout .
I will shoot him if he stands still and I 'm going to cut him if he runs away .
Cleveland said that it might contact a local military base .
The other women gasped for air .
They think he is increasing the height .
It 's as if the author replaced the explanation for infer/imply with their own rant against anyone who would dare to look it up in the first place .
The passengers knocked the man unconscious .
We will skip this .
I am curious to hear your thoughts on the matter .
The Muskrat Ramble is a wrestling special event .
A computer-controlled cutter is n't going to forget to cut notches .
You can get your employer to make a matching gift if several difficult steps are taken .
I was old enough to know that Santa was actually my parents .
If you join the Friends of Herron you 'll get the latest news on the local art scene .
I did not see the Pentagon burning .
The qualification does not imply definite recognition .
I am not even remotely like my father , in any way .
Freud , Skinner , Gesell and Piaget all studied child development .
The Scots probably would venture to grant them more credit than that .
That is just speculation .
` family hold back , ' a demand to eat more than outsiders .
There was conclusive evidence that the crash was not an accident .
The box .
Some people may get scholarships and gift certificates on April 30th .
Sophie said she wants a lollipop as she was facing the bear .
A lot of services are provided by your gift .
Does she think she will do that for the rest of her career ?
We typically meet this goal at The Salvation Army .
Few development applications allow designers control over the actual garment and making appropriate changes to the desired design .
The writing of reporters shows how vital dialect is .
Joseph Hynes insists one should do mistakes and learn better , but he himself makes mistakes in Japanizing English words .
I did n't stop reading until I read most of them .
The fat was lost from the budget last year .
The area in which the Law Library and the School of Law are located is lacking , both in terms of quantity and quality .
Your mother was n't happy about that .
They did not thank them for their help or support .
Is the Nursing program the best option for you ?
This is a question that absolutely needs an answer if the field is to advance .
There are certain linguistic standards that exist for romance languages which are often incorrectly applied to language originating from other parts of the world .
Manuel Torres respects Menuel de Falla .
During that time period the book was quite racy and shocking to readers .
As a result of parents ' seeming inability to distinguish good from substandard care , substandard care became more prevalent .
Computer and technology related advances have spurned unprecedented growth .
The hijackers planned to take early flights so they would be more likely to be on time .
Cobuild , Collins ' English Language Dictionary , contained 1703 pages in 1987 .
Your monetary contribution to Herron is very important to the objective .
The Langley pilots were fully aware of the threat and situation and had authorization .
Working in a knitting mill is a rewarding work .
The Time Machine may the first ever piece of true SF .
There has never been a perfume called Poison .
Allow me to ask this now , alright
The dispatchers achieved a lot of success .
The phrase `` brave new world '' represents a fair and utopic society .
Again , thank you for the monetary donations .
There 's been an expressive growth at IUPUI .
The military should already have been alerted about this .
A lot of mush is lying on the floor and I still ca n't get him up .
The Egyptian government became more lenient with Islamic militants after President Anwar Sadat was killed in 1981 .
She moved away from the library at that time .
To avoid air traffic in new York and not knowing what to do , fighters were sent to military air space .
Kurdish forces believed they needed to stop all extremist groups .
Nobody from the Muslim brotherhood tried to overthrow the government .
I never tried the monkey bars .
Bin Ladin was left powerless .
It 's been really challenging , but it 's been fun working with students .
Their policies over time were driven by their thirst for power .
Despite his record of documenting neologisms , lexicographers are opposed to his methods .
Students will not gain any useful experience here .
Against North Carolina ?
The firefights were in that place .
You ca n't make a difference in someone 's life .
Indeed I do .
Languages never change and terms from the past do not influence our language today .
The textile industry has a larger focus of business , and runs all of the time .
I 'm so glad we got to sit here in silence together .
Yes they did offer free books .
Calling someone a chairperson , even if we know his sex is the right thing to do .
Is your family close to you ?
Engineers planned operations to set aside comparable lengths of opportunity to accomplish line adjusting .
Please do n't make a sound .
I would like to quit early today .
A viking declared he was cradled under a gun carriage .
Wo n't seeing them less often be hard for you ?
You will never be contacted by one of our volunteers .
Do you like driving cars ?
The statements were completely accurate .
My friend slept through the night here .
Chapter 6 talks about adding new products without knowing if customers want them .
He only touches on three subjects in his poem .
Big Brother helped young boys that were bored during the summer break .
There 's absolutely no paradox involved with make-believe that becomes noticeable when compared to regular life .
There were a hundred passengers who boarded the plane in addition to the hijackers .
Extraordinary supervisors .
They put out the word that he is still alive .
The garage she had was nearly as big as her home .
United 175 turned and it was against protocol .
IUPUI is ranked as one of the best universities in the world .
He milked his cow like any other morning , enjoying the serene and tranquil dew-filled air .
Indiana University is cutting back on programs .
It 's your Aunt Lois .
It was no longer possible to choose a successor from the contemporaries .
We knew that you really enjoy crossword puzzles .
Again , I wish you had not supported us .
Another example is Boggle for board game .
There is intelligent life on Mars , it 's a fact .
You are still working in the same place , correct ?
In order to continue making you proud of your degree from this institution , I urge you to support your alma mater .
Children do not learn anything from their parents or cultures .
W9 poorly explains vocabulary entries , but its PR blurbs are excellent .
Minimum corporate donations start at just $ 1 .
The laptops of today are not as readily available as in the past .
The song Green Grow the Lilacs is an example of modern songs
It was really magnificent .
Sudanese officials wanted foreign pressure on them eased .
Thread colors in suits do n't have to match with the shell fabric
Make out the check to me and unfortunately you can not indicate how to use your donation .
We only exist because we are needed .
To foster productivity wages are paid on a piece-rate basis .
The smooth flow of products is more important than rapid replenishment .
Terraforming is a cruel practice that should never exist .
When I went back to see my doctor , everything was OK .
By contrast , the children who regarded their teachers as unsupportive were more likely to disengage .
Church is perhaps not as suitable a platform for being a Dentistry ambassador than social events .
The . dba is a small and new authority in this nation .
My mom went into the doctor 's examination room with me .
There was a collection of words that were about water .
This invitation to become a corporate sponsor will not be around for long .
My grandmother was the only one who read to me as a child .
She very politely ask him for some smokes .
Do n't do it .
Manuel Torres is not an artist .
You are the only one we will work with .
Are there any particular stories that come up when you sit around and think about it ?
You really need to read it when you get a chance .
Yes , but here , I 'm definitely liking Spring and March .
Does your dad read any stories to you ?
Has the aircraft had the directive transmitted to it ?
American narrative had a lot of misdeeds in them .
The mass customization allows for the sewing room to work on many more garments at a time .
After 8 o'clock , Woodward was told that passengers in the coach section were led to believe that there was a medical emergency in first class .
The cover of American Webster 's Ninth New Collegiate Dictionary has errors , I 'm sure there are errors inside also .
You ca n't start cutting and sewing a garment before the individual pieces are entered into the computer system .
Law firms give more money than anyone else .
Do you have a chance to tell this war story again ?
Grandparents , aunts , teachers and uncles are adult agents .
This is why it is of utmost import to get a native Arab .
Bin Ladin lead the Taliban to conquer Kabul .
I told the guy I was not going to be able to go .
Our children are not allowed to work in the gardens .
It is a lovely place to have a childhood .
Other images are created by these two words , but the gumdrop is the most prominent .
Karel Kapek created Robot : A Machine Which Replaces a Man .
Can you tell the story again ?
I will enjoy having the change .
Air Force One left , unsure where they would go .
No programs centered on alumni support are available .
Rosten was innovative in his use of the word oy .
The Salvation Army only looks at community .
They are on a flight-control tower .
The Big Sisters have undergone background checks before being paired with the children .
You mother did not tell you stories .
Handel 's Tamerlano is very popular amongst inner city youth .
Chapter 4 is unimportant and should be skipped .
The last page of the YMCA of Greater Indianapolis RLYOC-Urban Mission , July 1999 edition .
The barley is stored in the cellar in brown sacks .
United Airlines had been contracting out work to Argenbright Security for the past five years .
Thank you for keeping an eye out for neighbor 's who need a helping hand and for your continued support , you 're help has saved many .
Communicate in a warm manner , showing lots of positive emotions , and explaining your expectations well .
Journalists and commentators take the idea of sexism in language very seriously .
Bin Ladin has a peaceful faith .
I bet you watch a lot of television now .
Mihdhar was able to pass quickly through security .
At this point , the others and myself will be going back to the airport to try to find out if there are any survivors on the plane .
There you are in that photo .
Do you want to be a nurse still ?
Televised material is meant for an older audience .
The alternative name was appropriate according to the explorer David Carnegie .
There were records of the conversation between the President and the Secretary .
This worked for retailers because men 's fashions were largely uniform .
It is encouraged that parents do n't stay away from their children for more than 6 weeks .
The manufacturer may sometimes have differing inventory policies for different sizes .
A lot of Americans are familiar with the history , culture and body of beliefs Bin Ladin has used for his message .
Witness the following conclusion by a researcher who compared Japanese teens with American adults .
The ideas of Lockean have created the backbone for American behaviorism .
Speakers of a language create semantic .
Infants do not attempt to signal their parents at all .
Kids are riveted by a character 's aggression .
Choices made today do not typically influence young girls ' futures .
It was matched well by the book .
Impossible to sort shapes .
It is a hijacking .
I absolutely adore it !
Chinese ideographs often attract a large crowd of onlookers .
Does imaginative play help children form their own ideas ?
The story disclosed that adults are unaware of the difficulties of sitting through a long service for a small boy .
Religions have no effect on the acolyte usage of this word .
We 've provided job training for people on welfare .
We are holding a raffle with great prizes and we are also serving soft drinks .
It may not be too long before parts of dialect geography are historical .
The President was transported by a Motorcade at around 9:40
The politics in Islamic countries are affected by the change of history .
The media and population shifts has contributed to variations on the older dialects .
The majority of automation equipment is used for single shifts during the assembly phase .
School social-workers and counseling agencies are some of the campers referrals .
It is a delicious meal of Florentine terrine .
I remember my cousins getting me a copy of Trumpet the Dog for my birthday and reading it to me .
What about the motorcycle you have ?
Bin Ladin was well-known in the Middle East .
Yes of course , at that time , I was paying thousands of dollars in rent .
Australia uses words for things that dont make sense to Americans , like guns are called rooty tooty point and shootys .
I can definitely not see any resemblance of myself if my dad had my personality .
Does n't point , just grunts about the puzzle .
Scholarships available at our law school far outpace those of all other nearby schools , including Bloomington .
The field was made 100 years ago .
It has always been this way .
Do you remember that story about the brothers ?
The quality and diversity of recipients of this honor can be observed from the enclosed article .
Bin Ladin 's followers shared his opinions .
Haznawi was seated closer to the cockpit than Jarrah .
Senior Pentagon officials were shocked when they heard about the incident .
Perjink has four derivatives .
Someone who was not easily identifiable as English .
It 's happened before .
They should supervise their children 's viewing habits because studies show children love watching X-rated films at midnight .
Thousands of Hossier drivers have bought environmental license plates .
There 's a term for when a tennis player reaches a height that they can not miss - it is zoning .
Bin Ladin did not have to worry about Pakistan .
Stores need to stay away from items with high demand variations if they hope to make a profit .
You went and treated !
Only one church in Britain is named for Cuthbert .
He traveled to Afghanistan .
Andrew Norman says that you go easily switch to and fro from prescriptivism and descriptivism .
The alumni who participated in firms that were alike was between 31 to 67 percent .
The faculty at SEPA is impressive , dedicated , and includes inspiring teachers .
Do you believe it 's a thing they practice in the south ?
Girl Scouting brought significant benefits to the parents .
Several other living things can be thought of as having a higher purpose .
Observe this here .
$ 400 pays for the program at an entire school !
Bin Laden thought he was called to follow in the Messenger 's footsteps .
Mrs Munster is lead presenter at your child 's Social Health program .
Chapter 9 will be more practical in its tone and topic of discussion .
I 've never read any of his books .
Piaget has never described any developments processes before .
Now I can easily get A 's and B 's , while before I was lucky to get a C.
Most workers do n't want to specialize in more than two operations .
Does your Dad read any stories to you ? Like The Red Riding Hood .
As a member , your voice will be heard only within the organization .
They are unwilling to work towards goals that are rational .
Social and educational issues were used as bargaining chips with Islamist movements .
I did not talk about room reservations in my letter .
What do you think that someone could be henpecked but not cockpecked ?
Vygotsky 's theory has had nothing to do with our appreciation for the social nature of imaginative play in young children .
Do it .
I could not bring myself to read anything about the Civil War .
Ines went out and opened the door and said , `` bastards ! ''
The staff member told Becky to throw the art away .
We think what happened discredits NEADS or FAA as legitimate organizations .
Boolean algebra is a higher tier of mathematics than calculus .
The plane was not properly checked before takeoff .
And then your brother came and helped us there .
Hannah 's story suggests that young kids that do n't have support can still get them later from people outside their family .
The mind of a child is an organ that is social .
Actually passing on the crown is quite simple and easy .
The publications issued by the union were readable in eight different languages .
Does your father make you do other stuff ?
The mix of products that the apparel and textile industries manufacture has become more diverse since the postwar era .
Previous donations made by you were listed in the program newsletter .
Goodwill is effective .
That ad copy does not sound good to me .
Rising textile , apparel , and retail enterprises in America are interesting because of the potential profit .
Feck is defined as efficacy or quality .
Retailers try to be conscious of their starting budgets when looking at this .
Gestures a third and forth time as well .
The President thought it would be a great idea .
The parts maker is not able to deliver so the contractors are forced to pick their orders up .
The story is from the Bible .
He is not in since I threw him out the door .
The car is absolutely fine and daughter is too young for orthodontia .
Business units used a type of spreading in our sample .
They understand exactly why it has great potential .
Most of the time is spent reminiscing about childhood .
We found no evidence that anyone sat in that seat on this flight .
One should use chairperson as a term to describe the head of a committee , regardless of gender .
The officials in the U.S. knew of the discussions by March .
The Nunn-Lugar-Domenici Domestic Preparedness Program says the Red Cross should deal with emergencies .
Playing pretend does not involve decision making and children will usually act out of impulse .
Why not just say lithe under lento and the reverse under lithe , in the event ?
It 's better for them to focus their attention externally .
The plans were ferried from America to the plant in Milford .
Denying the oblique senses of man still being present is to be ignorantly blissful .
The aide did not hear what was said , however others in their entourage may have heard something more .
Herron is having financial issues , so they are campaigning .
There is a case 3 .
Betty Ong was able to inform the office of an incident on the flight .
The wine made me forget everything .
They never complained once of the length of their workdays .
The embankment does not have a city anywhere near it .
Bin Ladin was only 23 when he came to Afghanistan , born as one of 57 children .
From a review of Gordon Ramsey 's Tamerlano in the issue of Stereo Review .
Modern design tools fail to help decrease the time of production .
How does storytelling apply ?
Retail customers appreciate the fast service for their custom clothing .
This book is a great introduction to American dialect and English .
All my fingers work .
So , you have like three children now , how stressful is your life ?
Lewin was in the Israeli military for four years as an officer .
As a member of the Law Alumni Board you know a lot about the problems of the school .
The dental school is offering assistance .
The phone call will take place on a mobile
What 's the worst book you read recently ?
In an incident that dominated news coverage the military lost 2 helicopters full of servicemen and video surfaced of a US soldier 's body being abused by enemies .
I tried to tell them I have no doubts I 'm going to make it .
The Islamists were in control in Khartoum and the Americans wanted them to stop what they were doing immediately .
Lisa had seen a large black dog with pointy ears barking behind the chain-linked fence .
I know I am the oldest one .
They think some franglais are monstrous .
Gowers said that some English people use the correct Scottish pronunciation .
I already know the details of what is happening .
The question should be addressed , `` in the context of today 's demanding and stressful work life , is it possible to commit more to being a parent ? '' .
There was siding on her house .
Bin Ladin was not religious .
Dialect does n't have any kind of importance .
She has a table and a swing as well .
Many Americans whose roots lie in Ireland or Scotland still have some of the same speech patterns as their ancestors .
I was in elementary school when the U.S. space program started .
The killers came from al Qaeda .
I did n't get a hundred dollars .
They think he is going down .
There was no way possible that the flight attendants were in the way .
Feud is perhaps the most famous psychologist in world history .
You need to leave , he said to me .
The people who literally interpret the holy books are often violent and against progression .
At the stops I want you to step off to let on whoever I am picking up .
Without your gift , Joe would not have had the same experience or opportunity with Indy Reads .
We are doing just fine and do not need volunteers at this point in time .
Information systems are very basic at apparel factories .
The book is a terrible introduction to the English language .
I know you did n't go door to door .
Sensitive parents adjust their communication to match their children .
Air was scarce in early America .
The misunderstanding has sometimes lead to frustration and arguments between English and non-English speakers .
Payments may be as little as $ 10 .
You can help by donating your time or money to our organization .
Every minute was recorded by transcriptions of the meeting .
A prominent early lean retailer is Wal-Mart .
The ad for the athletic club read `` Let 's Sports ! ''
The West Virginia State Police confirmed reports of a downed plane .
With the exception of its origin , the British Interplanetary Society Journal space warp is only used for fiction .
Unprepared for narrative .
Recent years have seen a reduction in the number of incoming strays .
The distribution of one-letter-words is narrow and limited .
The metaphor of a scaffold is only ever used to describe physical scaffolding and building plans .
They lived in the city next to ours .
There was a collection of words that were about water because it was so important to those people .
I see everyone is standing at the saw .
Students very much enjoy participating in the programs .
You will be accorded nothing if you give $ 25 .
The studio had rats and roaches .
Both pilots put up a heroic struggle before being killed .
Space Cadet aired in the year 2000 , and it depicted the adventures of a 21st century policeman .
This machine makes seams that are n't as secure as the lockstitch .
She never took a trip across the country by train .
A stable source of assistance will continue to be provided if you donate .
No fat is in our budget .
Bin Ladin was an athletic man despite his ungainly , thin physique .
McGregor is fond of reading dictionaries .
In the event , why not just say that you do not understand ?
Chinese parents who espoused a similar philosophy in the United States were often ostracized by their peers .
United 93 was the aircraft 's identifier .
Without modular production , the throughput times would still have been reduced because the artisans could have become more skilled .
Public institutions are being funded fine and we do n't need your help .
The bowman who shot into the Greek camp was Apollo .
What age do you mean ?
We provide school supplies , but not clothing .
I believe some planes have been taken down .
During the third year , none of them are able to imagine objects and events without support .
The business increased in size to the point where he could help thousands throughout the world .
Atone comes from the Arabic , Ato + ne .
There were touchholes on hand guns in the fourteenth century .
He had nothing to do with these actions .
Who would want to smell like that ?
The sound of the whistle could be heard over the blast from the synagogue .
That 's hard fact , not speculation .
Bin Laden and the Taliban had a strain in their alliance in 1999 .
That was true because of the facts presented .
Roman Catholic Church never officially recognized women as acolytes .
After the ban was lifted , his works reached the western world .
Kids never try to imagine what God looks like .
He is down .
Miss Stowe is the main character of the book , which follows her struggles .
He completed the inspection .
Nuit de Paris perfume is OK .
How about your father ?
The Islamic Group got a spiritual guide that led the members through the battles .
We have not been able to simplify the text .
Men were descended from apes .
Islamists won power in Algeria in 1991 .
Only two factors form the central purpose of language : communication and social contact .
Bin Ladin quotes the fourteenth century scholar , Ibn Taimiyyah .
We need our alumni and the state to help us financially to accomplish this goal .
The Lipschitz diamond is cursed .
There is nothing to give pause when numbers mentioned in French , Spanish or Judezmo are expressed .
Its temperature was just right and warm to the touch .
Sometimes I give up as whit brought shampoo instead of bleach .
The Japanese workers at my retirement home are incredibly kind people .
The money go straight to the tuition of the students .
One of Webster 's earlier editions define a man-about-town as a male who has an active social life .
I left after a year and five months .
We 're going to the beach .
The flight never ended and kept going for a while .
Fifty-six people boarded , however , 5 people missed the flight .
United 175 would never have another communication with the ground .
The survival tips are only necessary for third year students .
M and S inquire about the definitions , Humans as a Generic of Falsehood .
Vender managed inventory was first invented in Chinese retail stores .
These studies examined length of maternity leave relative to loss of job .
Production cycle-time affects replenishment sourcing decisions more than inventory carrying costs .
This is anything but a newsletter .
Nothing in computer sense is called by its full name .
The impact is captured by the trends in apparel .
We talk a lot about how it used to be .
On page 8 , the following occurs in bold italics .
Cryptograms are really complex and fun to figure out .
Bin Laden thought he was called to follow in the Messenger 's footsteps and kill the US President .
Edinburgh never defined pawkiness in their published dictionary .
The controller had contacted another controller .
Sydney asks her dad for help with the next puzzle .
Donna earned a job at Goodwill after going through many trials in her life .
Please send you gift today .
And so , I am still right .
We have to do this correctly .
Terraforming exists but is never discussed , it is rather taboo .
You have helped us with your charitable donations throught many hard times .
Long-cycle capacity could be advantageous .
If you desire to continue , that 's okay , but it takes a lot of time .
Bin Ladin did not pay Kherchtou , even when he really needed the money .
His headquarters were in Jersey City .
Modular production also helped to speed up the throughput times with shirts , skirts , dresses , and shoes .
Become a member of the National Audubon Society , act today to reserve your FREE CLOCK .
The aircraft took 5 more minutes for the transponder to turn off .
No one was allowed to listen to the recordings .
In every field there were many women contributing their skills to society .
I just live my life day to day , with no worries about being content or any of that nonsense .
What was the first book that you read on your own ?
Markers are made using automated computer systems .
The principal parent of Yiddish is Eastern Slavic .
The newer and playful genre is often called cryptic .
What type of stories do you want to hear ?
It will provide the flexibility that IUPUI needs , which state appropriations can not provide .
Did your parents read their books to you ?
Ringing of bells on cocktails .
An air attack may have started against the country .
Lean retailing has change the way the textile industry relates to both apparel producers and retailers .
Civil War is a topic I like to read about .
The fighters had half an hour to respond to it .
CED has both more entries and more space directed toward explaining items .
We are working to find out who he is .
A computer-controlled cutter will often tire at some point during the day .
This review is so short because of where I opened and closed the book .
He did not want to take anyone .
He likes to inspire nonlinguists so that more people take up linguistics .
Your gift to the school will be a large investment to its excellence .
I did not mention comic books yet .
Is it a gun ?
Steven Schimmele , from Class of 1992 , the best Vice President ever .
Once these manufacturing and information practices have been dropped , it should come as no surprise that they affect the performance of business units .
The text is concise and very clear .
Reviewing this book is n't the main point of Verbatim .
In 1991 , school began focusing more on teaching safe sex practices .
The bottom two items deserve to be commented on negatively .
A lot of research confirms that overloading kids makes them disorganized in behavior .
Mattie enjoys make-believe activities with her dolls and stuffed animals
The sounds of the passenger assault were captured loud and clear .
All of the passengers were shot and killed .
Please remember that requests for donations to the Capital Campaign will never come .
He did n't try contacting the plane and never talked to the airline .
Visitors in Valencia should avoid duende altogether and stick to paella .
Our intuition has been confirmed 10 times .
He slipped the knife out of the sheath to show he was ready .
Young children need those with more cultural experience to help them understand .
The payment should be made as a personal check .
They have to encourage kids to control their values .
He said he was possibly about to die of blood loss .
The controller found American 11 before the New York Center was able to issue the following report .
Yet our roots are barely deep .
The Cathedral High School fund drive targets specific groups for support .
Muslims decided to act against secular nationalism in the late 1970s .
I look forward to talking to you next week .
Upping the inventory for SKUs might be a solution , but is n't the best way of tackling the job .
This program has helped many people to get benefits from dental care .
The felled seams of shirts are visible .
I wish winter would come already , spring is getting tiring .
FAA headquarters is responsible for the management of the National Airspace System .
The traditional system of apparel assembly was put in place so factories will have the most amount of profit possible .
Children do n't like false belief because it is wrong .
Duende was very important .
Children 's social exchanges begin to influence how they think .
Washington was safe by 10 am .
Your donation will not help us achieve our goals .
Condominium life , the spread of the STD AIDS by prostitutes and veterinary surgery .
Philip Gove wanted to save space in the new building .
A community forum for public lectures would draw in a lot of people .
His connections were all destroyed after they were angered .
The average American is like to use colloquial words
No additional items will needed in the new facility to enhance the educational experience of students .
It would be great if you could help me relocate my livestock .
There 's been an increase in expensive learning centers for young children .
Retailers have been the force behind changes in manufacturing and logistics systems ,
The members of the Indiana Dental Association were given an opportunity .
Once a hijacking is confirmed the Pentagon 's National Military Command Center -LRB- NMCC -RRB- is supposed to be notified so they can order a military escort aircraft to follow the flight and report on anything suspicious , this did n't occur on 911 .
There is 100 pounds of mush on the floor and I ca n't get him up .
No apparel company wanted to join the Apparel Industry Partnership .
The U.S. works with China to import textiles and apparel .
He said they want no more foreign masters to rule them .
If your plans do n't work out will you return to school ?
Two-thirds of Indiana mothers receive prenatal care in the first trimester .
She used speech to allay her fear and help her wait until Deb is done with her task .
Cheney and the agents stopped in the tunnel .
The total come from fees and gifts from people .
There is definitely no explanation for why I have lived on this planet .
Even though he usefully converses with nonlinguists , I find it very difficult .
Were you old enough to remember the details of the reading ?
The donations are not tax deductible .
How did Bin Laden gain approval by calling for the murder of civilians ?
French , Spanish and Judezmo expressions mentioning numbers give pause because you make funny faces when said .
The shelter acted against the hijacked medevac helicopter .
I got a lot of work done and had fun .
The need is greater than ever for your support .
Yeah I like that one .
My old computer was a Mac .
I am certain that I am not meeting their expectations .
Where do you live now ? In Florida ?
Every week , the manufacturer checks all of its inventory .
Americans have a distorted view of British pronunciation and accents .
What about when you were in school ?
The English language is completely unique and takes nothing from any other language .
Riding a mule to school gave me a unique perspective growing up .
The company also went ahead and donated textbooks .
Are you going to that place after dinner time ?
Our Birmingham office is located in the city , while our other campus is on the edge of a large lake .
There were no reports at all about the hijacking .
Their name stayed the same .
A graphic CE should have a flag and Semantic CE with it .
The lines closer to the trend line show the range with a 10 percent chance .
The basic results are shown in figure 14.5 .
I recall it being far off in the future .
I do not need to wipe anything up at all .
Nois ?? me , the new cosmetic collection by Lancame , is destined to win awards and accolades for its inventive moniker .
I do n't remember if I got hurt .
We will give scholarships to minority students who are first-year dental students .
The final goods will always cost more for consumers , even if the entire production process is changed .
Qutb has spawned several radical disciples in the region .
He did n't know about the plane hijacking .
There are many allusions to the Quran and some of its followers .
The impact is not reflected by the trends .
I was worried about a lot of things back then .
We would love to hear back whenever possible , take your time there is no deadline .
Renfrew 's editor is an idiot .
There is no correlation between whether images on TV resemble everyday life and a child determining if it is real .
I know that they are very pleased with me .
The factory seaming operation for knit fleece goods is called overlocking -LRB- and called over-edging in home use -RRB- .
I enjoy being up there without my family .
He found that he was underqualified for most jobs .
$ 50 is enough to purchase supplies for one club and $ 100 will support a child for a whole week at camp .
Designers are forced to begin their work on paper in order to complete their desired design .
The IU School of Dentistry will benefit from this endowment because it will provide us with monday morning pancakes .
I did n't meet my first girlfriend until later .
Entry into the guild may mean acquiring an alcoholic beverage license .
The newspaper did not bring up any concern to people in 1998 .
The institutions of the United States government are vast .
That money you gave us last year got spent on booze and porn parties .
Rumsfeld had n't been briefed about the events yet .
Abu Ubaidah al Banshiri was the head of his military committee .
Long lead times require increasing challenged like arrangements .
The children prefer to use their imaginations to approximate the shapes .
He tells the story to several people on his way home .
The citations indicate that the distribution of one-letter words is quite broad .
No fighter escort was requested from the NMCC .
Sometime between 8:42 and 8:46 the hijackers stormed the cabin .
No awards will be offered to any dental students .
Those who do n't read feminist writings might want to read a book I recommend to people .
Students must apply to the fund for tuition assistance needs .
Terra forming is the altering of an alien 's body to make it capable of supporting Earth life .
You need to protect your neighborhood from Jennifer
The bowman is Ulysses , aided by Trump , and was able to shoot into the Mexican camp .
We hope you will donate to Keep Indianapolis Beautiful so we can continue and improve upon our efforts for the community .
Watch out , that thing is dangerous !
When you were a kid , did someone tell you the story or did you read it ?
He was here .
Members get nothing other than the satisfaction of helping .
Women influenced most of mankind 's intrinsic social values .
Is it a Little Golden Book ?
What parents consider problematic is n't the same as what their children consider problematic .
Had a quick breakfast at home .
They do n't have any say in decisions that would affect us all .
The New York Times and Mother Jones have good examples of the distribution of one-letter-words .
The whole system may be bettered by careful planning on how to reconcile technology and sewing .
They succeeded in penetrating the defenses of the security system .
I ca n't cut through the knot with a knife so the cow is going to die .
RHD has the hard evidence at hand
What is your greatest accomplishment ?
We resided about midway point between the border of Honduras and El Salvador .
The University of Colorado -LRB- Boulder -RRB- has the best department of this category .
It was thought to be sometime after 10 o'clock that the military aide returned .
I knew it was something I have seen before .
The Seetee Ship is Jack Williamson 's most famous story .
She died in a crash .
Sci-fi .
Differences in business units that utilized the four practices to varying degrees were not very big .
Most Muslims have Bin Laden as a role model .
It is becoming harder for archaeologists to preserve historical sites .
Atta left his seat in business-class to go to the cockpit .
Without your support , we wo n't be able to continue making you proud of your degree .
I gave you an in-depth tour of Louise May Alcott 's house .
Industry tools and machineries have stayed the same until today .
The bench will thus belong to the Sponsor .
Wherley was the commander of the Naval ships .
It was n't divulged until years later that the US military had suffered serious losses on that night in Somalia .
White House personnel takes advanced of the advanced security , feeling safer .
People from 43 different countries were present .
My grandma was frequently using tobacco .
In attendance was one of my brothers-in-law .
We have made note of some .
Greater security on one of the Pakistani borders would definitely be given by them through strategic depth .
I 'm committed to that .
Yet our roots go further down .
Do not leave , he says .
Who is Pierre ?
The medical supplies included an automatic defibrillator and oxygen masks . .
Miyares was always happy in the work he was employed in .
The captain or first officer declared Mayday in the cockpit .
At the ages 3 and 4 , children can detach from make-believe into real-life .
The cerebral cortex of children with brain damage was stimulated by using therapies that relied on cognitive and motor experiences . So therapy is a huge part of recovery now .
He had an ugly face .
United Airlines instituted a ground stop nationwide prior to learning of the missing plane .
Every family has a common living space where parent-child discussions occur often .
Duende usually means a ghost in most cases .
There exists an acceptable unit of finished goods .
Second system seem to be unable to access events stored by the first system .
One lollipop was enough for both the teddy bear and the leprechaun .
Sydney 's case is categorized by puzzle pieces with different colors and shapes .
Friends of Cathedral High School offer a significant portion of fund support .
The barber helped him on Wednesdays .
NEADS asked about American 11 as soon as the military liaison suggested it .
The simplest is to donate one million dollars to the IGGS scholarship fund , but one can also donate to another charity .
It 's rarely the case that a cart will contain a full day of work .
Next bend , back to silver .
She said the pilot told them they 'd been hijacked by an Iraqi man .
I mixed songs for five years .
Growth was stifled in part by unprofitable heavy industry .
Therefore , let me shoot was not able to be understood .
Bin Ladin never benefited infrastructure related to global networks of Islamist movements .
The concept comes from the story , Seetee Ship -LRB- 1942 -RRB- .
What Ballinger said was immediately spread .
It is considered derogatory to shorten the words airplane and telephone .
Do you enjoy doing chores for your father ?
The IUPUI has been around for more than a century .
They could say ` He runs things completely ! ' , about someone who is in complete charge of a project .
The practice changes of shop-floor workers comes more from human resources policies .
I should have done something more constructive than argue .
Most Century club members pay the $ 10 monthly contribution .
A hundred years later , retailing success is more easily attainable .
Bar codes are a low cost means of representing and collecting retailers ' information .
Who were they ?
Penney has never used EDI .
Sewing a bundle of items of one color means the bobbin and thread have to be changed by the worker .
Did you notice the similarities between an American writer and someone of foreign origin ?
I have decided not to go on a journey .
Barn is an old word
Can you share the story from your parents that left the biggest impression on you ?
Our students have up-to-date information technology through the kindness of a local software company .
I made a deal with them so that I could make my own decisions .
An over-arching , societal split personality is known as a metaschizotherium .
It is cheaper to do garment assemblies overseas .
Hundreds of year of history is included in this chapter .
Goodwill benefits the community and offers products at low costs .
What did you read in the middle school to high school period ?
I do n't care about your story .
On the following day , I did n't know if you were n't there .
Traditionally , new apparel designs were created using computers by technicians .
Donors have a need to be recognized thoroughly .
We need you to step up and lend a helping hand .
The group believes that they can ask for help , without actually doing anything for themselves .
It 's the one that does n't make any noise .
Reading texts with labored figures is difficult .
All hail the Spring Creek Prairie , home of the best hot dogs !
These funds help us purchase clothing and educational supplies .
The reader of this book is a male .
Bin Ladin expanded on the facts when interviewed .
A small boy has difficulties sitting through a long service due to his attention span .
It was confirmed through the youth mapping process , that positive opportunities for younger people on weekend evenings were abundant .
A senior NMCC operations officer never reached out to the FAA .
Concerns concerning the other aircraft 's safety began to mount .
1984 is often used to criticize government actions regarding surveillance and propaganda .
The President was telling the truth .
Lexicographers can always provide the word meaning in a single sentence .
I can confirm that she read to me from age 4 to 5 .
At that particular time , Lisa had seen a fierce dog behind a fence .
Parents prefer to say words over spell them so their kids will know what they are saying .
Young girls that take part grow stronger bonds with their parents .
The funds raised go to help people in South Florida .
There is an abundance of strange information .
Duende has deep vibrations .
It is observed that radio and TV have a generally poor standard of English .
How the garment parts are distributed is the main point in organizing plants .
Cuthbert was a patron saint who resided in Britain in the 17th century .
Bodenheim was a 19th century German author .
Sexually Transmitted Infections do not include AIDS , which is terminal .
Spaghetti code has always been a phrase
Exercises successfully counter the threat .
They could n't wait to open a small gift when they were very small .
The surveys results gave no answers .
Demand is unpredictable by nature , and assumptions should n't be made of stability .
A lot of children will benefit from your generosity and kindness .
It is very different from the respect we earned from U.S.News and World Report .
Losing signal of radio and transponder is rare and seems shows a potential crash .
Yeah , it definitely was .
Ramrods come in a variety of different wood and metal types .
Many of those problems can be overcome if you receive help .
Other words may have included knife and polysyllabic .
That is why I am writing you on this day .
The hijackers wore red bandanas that covered their faces entirely .
Maggy was afraid of the storm and said she was scared to her mom .
A negative profit margin means negative revenue .
Do you like it being southern ?
The second copy was far more valueable
The centering operation is pointless .
The people concealed themselves as the soldiers entered the home .
Governments are not exempt from the laws of economics .
As well as being unaware that her expanded metaphor had canceled the sense of her loss , the lady had in mind a ballet dancing class .
The military aide returned hours later , at around 4 in the afternoon .
There was no one available in the cockpit to answer the call .
The Vice President was informing the President .
My test results all came back just fine .
It is all the stuff
Anselmo gets angrier and angrier when his parents refuse to help him .
They figured out where the piece goes .
Kids are riveted by a character 's happiness .
Did you hold it ?
Analysand does not come from gerundive and is not English
When the gunfire starts , it was not even light yet .
Few accepted that anything so compelling to a child was important .
W 's system is very complicated .
A Hank is a generic term for a man who likes to drink beer with his 3 friends near a fence by the street .
There was no television coverage of any of the events .
The program did not take off and no one adopted it .
The transponder was shut off by the hijackers .
These issues were more than New York could deal with .
Every child older than 6 months has seen a jack-in-the-box before .
Otis Air Force Base did not send off any fighter planes .
They do n't care about help kids with their self-esteem .
There has always been far too many applicants .
We have raised thousands of dollars in our fund raising .
A large portion of the cloth is used in the marker .
My father does not read anything in terms of what you 'd designate as a book .
The killers were thought to be Egyptian by pretty much everyone .
NORAD ignored evidence that terrorists intended to use airliners as weapons .
It was a once in a lifetime thing for them .
It had disappeared by the late 20th century , after having begun in medieval Asia .
The shootdown order was conveyed before Secretary Rumsfeld was there .
Your organization is not one we want to sponsor us .
Aldous Huxley is the author of Crome Yellow , which contains a great example of semantic confusion .
NORAD believes that they would have changed their minds on how to deal with United 93 .
Unlike Adam , Eve was denied the privilege of naming .
There was a problem in that there was no Viet . character available .
I have enclosed a brochure with the services and deals we offer .
The inventory policy and business cycle connection has been studied for only 6 months .
You rarely call on the phone , nor webcam .
Creating new goals does n't help in conflicts .
Marvin , what 's going on ?
There is n't intelligent life on Earth .
You may not use the funds for a deposit on an apartment .
I would like to think that the dreams and hopes of Wanda and women like her will be on your minds this Mother 's Day .
The inventory levels fluctuate directly with demand uncertainty in a one to one ratio .
Going back and re-analyzing known language samples and extrapolating upon them tells us about ancient civilizations .
Sensitive parents do not adjust their communication to fit their child 's increasing competence .
Sometimes we talk about a fourth estate , trees .
Since the ELM shut down , please use Google search to find out about our work and the environment .
Do you think they agree with and are very supportive of your decision ?
There is still need , especially for endowed scholarships .
We like to help disadvantaged kids with risk
Feminists have their own agenda to pander to
There are no barriers for this .
Futures for Children has done many projects that has helped children in the community .
When I was living in Raleigh before I lived here , I found out I had severe leukemia .
Do they do that a lot with people like Selena Gomez ?
I am glad that I decided to make the argument .
I used to get up on the monkey bars with friends .
Muscat is on skid row in LA. .
To accommodate you , I have included a replica of Form CC-40 , which you should include with your State Income Tax return for Indiana .
Humanity 's values are implicitly centered around men and the male gender .
I will be doing Education from now on .
The connection between inventory policy and business cycles has only started to be studied .
Old pictures can be given to a picture-restorer to be cleaned or possibly ruined .
CED is a more effective system because it has a broader database of items .
Is it a toy gun ?
Summertime is the worst time for camp , do n't you agree ?
Kids who do n't understand why kidnappers are doing what they are doing thought they were good .
IUPUI never intended on working on Indiana 's economic growth .
The reason diskettes are called floppies is obvious to everyone at the beginning .
The car wash part .
They were only able to provide tutoring to adults with the highest literacy levels .
While passing through the checkpoint , Hani set off several alarms .
I think your favorite one was with Pierre and the lion .
In our sample , business units used a type of spreading for exactly 39.2 percent of the volume of goods shipped .
There seemed to be an inability to distinguish good from substandard care among parents .
There are a total of four estates .
Unfortunately , what you did was absolutely horrible .
Creating a production line did not involve any calculations of the amount of workers and flow of products .
Language has gotten much less sexist .
We were surprised to see everyone in the family there except both of my wife 's brothers .
It was around 6:30 when I walked through her room .
She was n't artistic at all and very passive and unsure of herself .
I have done a lot of research , but still can not find the source .
We had a room full of books .
General Arnold instructed Marr to go ahead and scramble them even though he did n't have pre-authorization .
The concept had n't been presented to the President yet .
What I liked was that kids were invisible little adults .
You will offer financial support to the Herron School of Art and Gallery .
A team of almost 60 young adults are taking on real projects now , grown from only a few kids originally .
Watch your gift multiply .
The industry could support the higher rates , but employers did n't want to pay them .
Iron and brass have the same coefficients of expansion .
We will give them financial support where we can .
Language progress and literacy skills can not be predicted .
Wants is not the only word where more than one meaning can be inferred .
All non-English speakers understand its meaning .
I can not believe the future is now .
While there exists separate mills for spinning and weaving , most products are made by businesses that use both .
More innovations will be required
Technically there 's grammatically incorrect in the sentence , `` She 's a real Johnny-comelately . ''
He is n't getting paid by her for the apartment .
You received an yearly appeal from Herron in the first month of autumn .
This machine makes seams that are n't as secure as the lockstitch is in denim .
The scroll was a very complicated confusing story .
All of Hochschild 's studies were very disturbing .
This year we 'll need increased support at all levels to keep up with our growing membership .
You need not protect yourself from crime
Your donation wo n't help us fight SIDS >
Only one plane .
If the duck spends too much time with people it may lead to imprinting .
He proposes that all Indo-European languages originated in central Anatolia .
The user is not offered a choice .
Probably one in every ten runs a special order interrupts the flow of the production plant .
We were afraid of being burned from the fire .
The Backstreet Boys recorded all of their albums at this studio .
Our educational tradition is unique from other institutions .
My father 's side of the family did n't attend college .
Two organizations came at 9:40 .
The biological side of brain development depends on neural connections being eliminated .
We have relied on many things , but mostly the sound of the name in Arabic .
He urged Muslims to read religious texts without exclusively relying on learned interpreters .
The Annual Appeal is one of two Girl Scouts initiatives you will hear about in 1996 and the second will come on Easter .
Fighter pilots were scrambled out of Langley and were given engagement orders immediately .
The squeaked in Japanese about how gruesome the fall of Atlanta was .
The longer working hours this decade compared to the last has resulted in workers not having adequate quality time with their family .
The Vice President arrived at 10 am .
Information on retail demand , orders , and shipments helps the firm plan its production .
He 's really late for something it looks like , otherwise he would be walking .
I did not enjoy reading as a pastime .
He had been completed both masters and postgraduate degrees .
Saddam Hussein made efforts to rebuild relations with the Saudis and other Middle Eastern regimes .
No response is necessary , please do n't make contact .
Mate part having everything to do with English .
The Command Center ordered one after nine o'clock .
Operators do n't have to select the work that 's to be done at any point .
The Cleveland Center took the responsibilities from the control tower .
The Herron School of art is contemporary art .
We stayed together until the present day .
It 's harder to get a job for people without one , even with a very good economy .
The Defense Department had initiated a teleconference with other agencies before 10:00 .
It is crystal clear how the shootdown order was communicated within NORAD .
Peter knew that there was a hijacking .
Good decisions are hard even with support .
How fast things are delivered is an essential part of being competitive .
Characters are generally interchangeable as long as they sound the same .
I looked for studios that were less professional .
Many are from families that have all of the resources they need and are not struggling with anything .
You should have received the Fall Alumni Dental Conference registration materials by now .
There is much more writer-reader interaction present in the books then in the columns .
We established the Department 's first scholarship program last year .
We believe the hijacking began at 8:14 .
The neighbors loved us and treated us like family .
Charles Fountain 's biography of Frazier is the pre-eminent text on the subject .
Yeah on all the songs .
Parents should regularly ask their children questions such as
United Airlines contracted security screening work out to Argenbright Security .
The choice by Lancame to name their product line Nios ?? me will lead to reduced sales .
Colorful language is easy to figure out .
In those countries where dialect study is undertaken , people have an exceptionally poor understanding of how language has changed over time .
These ten criminals are on the lose .
The activities are essential to being apart of a worldwide community .
Traditional retailers had no skill when it came to merchandise .
Northern manufacturers used solar power to run their textile industry .
She responded by clutching at the block and not doing anything else .
We have the most recent report here .
He appointed a new financial manager because of his miserly demeanor .
Japanizing English words is better known as anglicizing Japanese words .
Etymology is the study of words and their origins .
Sam Hinton 's book was successful .
An offer to Sponsor a bench .
I know he had black pants .
Were there other stories he told you ?
How many of this dresses are going to sell this season ?
The community volunteers also hold a monthly charity drive for nature preservation .
Bin Laden used the battles to rally public support .
We are burning down Cavanaugh hall to rid it of demons .
Spaghetti code is an example of tasty code
Scone-pronunciation was further muddled by Sir Ernest Gowers badly research contribution on the subject .
The hijackers had planned the attack before the night .
Oh I could have done it if I wanted to .
The are mistakes on the cover of three or four prominent dictionaries .
Any one of these things .
This did n't occur because of anything involving the textile industry .
There are undoubtedly objections that are both more arcane and not easily expressed .
Leadership is important for the kids
We do not have an inner-city program yet .
She might add that the demand is guaranteed to increase to twice what it is now .
How children act while in the presence of their parents have no bearing on their parent 's parenting skills .
The viability of American textile centers is independent of developments in other countries .
Typically , there were three specifications determined .
The checkpoint was quick and easy to get through .
The first soldier arrived and told the woman not to bother cooking because he had eaten already .
My mother wanted to publish it before finding out it is copyrighted .
Decreasing lead times make quick-line plants competitive in terms of inventory .
Levi 's own software system is much more advanced than the other systems in the market .
I see how children such as Nicholas are benefiting from our volunteer efforts .
It 's different no matter where you are .
Verbatim deals with more important things , but will review this book on the side .
My mother never read to me .
To have success you need to put in some effort
Some of the artifacts at the battle site might be disturbing/upsetting .
Take a gander at this , it 's incredible .
FAA controllers asked planes to protect the cockpits immediately using the Air Marshalls on board .
Amalgamated and ILGWU joined together in 1995 .
Allah K. was born in Egypt .
The reception is scheduled to go for less than two hours .
Luigi found a form getting close to the bed .
As a result of the publication of these survey results , many dictionaries chose to relocate the etymology .
My son really likes to relive the story of his split lip , you know .
Fighter jets were dispatched from Otis Air Force Base .
Most Muslims do not interpret their faith like Bin Laden
You have to be very smart to understand this .
The officer did n't understand the gravity of the situation .
The Vice President thought that NORAD pilots had received the shootdown authorization .
The passengers remained ignorant of this critical information .
A customer is unlikely to switch retailers after five years .
This group of nations provided more apparel imports in 1988 than it did in 1964 .
The department did not reject the transfer to him , they transferred him instantly .
She saved Campbell 's soup labels .
One spoke barely any English and the other spoke perfect English .
I 'm trying to let them know I do n't think I 'm going to become rich in L.A.
You may remember from my letter that a room has been reserved for our use .
Did you ever see that scary house ?
There are no initiatives for 1996 from the Girl Scouts .
The Vice President was watching a feed of the World Trade Center from a secure room .
Britain and North America are illiterate and do n't know how to use a dictionary .
Reports of the plane flying erratically were made .
Many young people that engaged in the Big Sisters program dramatically change their lives .
We all need to lift up the banner of Dentistry wherever we may be .
I 've read everything that Asimov wrote .
There are some aspects of its influence that are discussed .
We never had a book of Grimm 's Fairytales .
No Americans wonder why they are hated .
In my junior year of high school , we moved into the city .
The quote above merely outlines the issue , it has no emphasis really .
The controller knew the aircraft had not been hijacked .
New York Center is to my left .
A total of 900 pages were included in the 1987 Collins COBUILD English Language Dictionary .
That was n't how things were for me in high school .
The story was written , not passed down only through storytellers ?
Five people , including Vygotsky , made valuable contributions to our understanding of children 's play .
Hold on for as much time as you can possibly hold on for .
Vygotsky noted that there is no bridge between concrete thought and mature adult thought .
The total come from fees and gifts from people , all of which total $ 490,000 .
We would be very unhappy if you decided to give us one million dollars .
They are willing to work towards goals that are rational .
There are technical reasons behind the confusion surrounding American 77 's location
Our programs can save lives in schools .
Muslims believe that the revelations are not part of God 's message .
We went into town in a bus .
It 's as though the author stripped all of the personality out of the entries , and left only dry facts .
I do n't remember anyone reading Trumpet the Dog to me .
Kids think God could look like a man or a woman .
Expressions like man in the street , the average working man , and others often compound and perpetuate the mistake .
State monopolies are a major killer of economy .
Can you describe any flood stories about living in Penn ?
I have sent you another letter to let you know we need your help and we would be appreciative of it .
There can be a positive influence on the performance of suppliers with the use of new human resource practices .
I outgrew my tomboy phase , and was more feminine now .
Are you confirming the VIce President 's participation ?
From the work that we do together , everyone benefits .
Bin Laden had yet to make a name for himself among popular terrorist organizations .
The F-15 fighters were carrying air-to-air missiles .
About 10 percent of preschoolers appear to violate social rules when playing .
The state 's health care system is to blame for why many Indiana mothers do not receive care in the first trimester .
Mass retailers came before general stores .
The Vice President never made it to the room and was redirected to a safe spot .
Many alumni work for these employers specifically because they will match their donation .
Labored figures present no challenge in reading difficulty .
The Herron School of Art is fantastic at contemporary art .
Firm size does not typically vary too greatly .
Please do not respond to this message or try to contact us .
Inquire at the personnel office of the company that you , or your husband or wife , work for about whether or not the company runs a matching gift scheme .
The picture is that children now have abundant attention from their parents .
It is a thing that just happened .
The FAA told NEADS about a hijacking at 9:16 .
Fine , mom , what about you ?
The hijackers did not seem to care about other passengers making calls .
The Soviet Union kept their military at home .
Risks to children are usually mitigated by proper medical procedures .
Vocabulary-building is just as important as pronunciation for a well rounded Latin education .
The conclusion of the design and patterns .
It is difficult sometimes to determine which meaning is the most common and what should be listed first .
The mentioned areas are completely independent and have not garnered support from anyone .
I do n't have any kind of bank account .
You dropped out of school .
Consumers are thrilled to see delivery speeds being considered as part of the competitiveness equation .
I grew up around dentistry and I also studied it in college .
Conflicts should be resolved in a peaceful manner .
There are no mistakes on the covers of any dictionaries ,
Onomatoplazia 's original text is much more interesting than the transliteration .
Are you annoyed ?
They were about to start cabin service .
Manufacturers use different SKUs in their systems .
Anselmo is 10 years old and he never asks us for help with homework .
A rejection for a wish to Sponsor a bench .
`` I 'm going to call in the pilot fighters from Otis to try to chase this guy down to see if I can find him where he is in the sky controlling the lost plane '' .
70 percent of that number are stray , lost pets .
The hijacker dove the plane into the ocean .
Political power in the Islamic world is maintained by the fundamentalist movements .
Kids can develop better dispositions if their parents are patient .
He does n't think it will be hard for him at all . He hates his family .
The subcontractors in this country as well as overseas work in cahoots .
The funding from the state does n't cover everything else .
Informational-integrated channels require no help in investment .
When a child is bratty , it 's an effect of bad parenting .
The hijackers sat in the front of the plane .
Managers faced questions about managing inventory after the determination of SKU demand variation .
I really despise living in this location and would prefer to be farther away from my relatives .
There have never been men in that church .
Robert Frost was a poet .
I am torn between living in Boston or Charlotte .
He says everyone in this community is pacifistic .
General stores came before mass retailers .
Users would have disapproved with having a longer list .
M and S also offered much praise to alternate usages of phrases they deemed to be boring .
He remains silent throughout .
What is your experience with stories ?
Pleasant Run does not impact young adults .
Trial practice courses are the best way for students to gain experience .
He 's down already ?
Adult support the child depends on the situation .
Indiana University is having some troubles as well .
Donate today please .
Can you tell me about your favorite toy ?
All of the adequate spaces are listed in the paragraphs above .
They did n't have to take him to the hospital .
Payment may be made anytime until December 31 .
The President was talking about other things to him .
Diskettes are not used any more , .
Since being founded in 1985 , the YMYC of Indianapolis has been meeting the needs of women .
Lilly Endowment Inc. did n't give us a grant .
Does she like what she is doing ?
She asked her mom to call American Airlines .
Kevin was asking why the horse and the cow are lying down while the dog is standing .
Big Sisters is a sports organization for girls .
To permanently recognize Dr. Steven Bricker we will hold a festival in his honor every full moon .
We smoked green beans in her car .
Forty-nine passengers were aboard the flight .
Sometimes we talk about a fourth estate , the media .
Bin Ladin was very focused on athletics , which gave him his exceptional physique .
I have no plans to do Education at any point .
Did those experiences influence your love of fiction ?
Assistance with medicaid forms , housing searches , school decisions , driver 's licensing and other matters are available from center staff .
We form the leadership of the bar , business and community affairs .
I am displeased with what Abate said about the studying of Latin .
He successfully reproduced the power loom by recalling the main functions he had learnt by heart .
The book was well written and was a pleasant read all around .
Public outrage was in vain as the government shut them down .
A witness remembered that there were two simultaneous decisionmaking processes going on at once , a voice conference by the NMCC and the White House video teleconference .
I think I 'll stop now .
Should we consider getting aircraft together ?
The 5,900 alumni of the law school have many accolades .
Thanks for nothing !
Lisa had seen a timid cat barking on the sidewalk .
Audubon products are very expensive apart from a select few .
That form contains letters and requires much study to understand .
Innovation does not lend positive benefit .
Everyone who lives in Taiwan is able to speak Mandarin .
Consumer preferences are what dictate how much merchandise people will buy .
New Jersey cold seasons get pretty chilly .
We 're going to save the galaxy !
There is only one annual giving option for corporate participation .
Knowledge that you are helping in protecting the Earth 's precious natural resources , and nothing more .
He tells the story to five people on the street .
The work of syllabifying and hyphenating words is mostly done by computers these days .
It is one of the most important tools for comparing the demand for different products .
Ziad Jarrah checked in for the flight heading towards Los Angeles .
She valued good humor above all else .
The impact of the projects will be sped up by an economic development initiative that we launched to help big box stores set up in the area .
There is a 50 percent incentive for supporters of Big Sisters .
Educational institutions give their instructors little control over teaching plans .
No one wrote shit on the wall .
I looked for studios in Hollywood .
Did you mean non-fiction , or true stories ?
The Labor Secretary had to use scare tactics because the people are not listening to her .
We need to get planes in the air to protect the country .
There are about ten important steps that should be done to prepare to sew .
I want to make sure they are given the better seat .
The Sudanese government kicked him out of the country .
A hijackers was assaulted by passengers at around 10:00 .
Bin Ladin refused to accept any of Ibn Taimiyyah 's teachings .
The IUPUI campus has not experienced any changes .
I do n't want to talk to you any more .
I want to be separate from them .
Feminists always consider the fall out .
Allah is the best .
You do n't have any connection with me during college
Donate to the Goodwill today with a generous gift using the enclosed card .
The poem , Satire X , has been adapted by many poets .
A lot of barriers exist , that keep people from physical and mental disabilities , history of welfare dependency and lack of self-esteem or education .
Qutb argued that humans could choose between Islam and Christianity .
United 175 stayed on its expected course .
After several years was when we ended up living in that place .
Bin Laden had no interest in aligning with any mideast countries .
average workers .
The fire was not so bad .
She did n't make a morox .
He was going to live in Afghanistan .
I told him as a friend he could tell me why .
The competencies that are acquired are strict and unadaptable .
When you were called , you asked to be provided with further details before deciding whether or not to give a gift or make a pledge to the law school .
And then I said , you could use paint thinner , turpentine , or gasoline if you wanted to .
I could not take the pressure so I left the animals behind for him to take care of since I could not .
This is how you can help change someone 's life .
This means a capacity to add the Spanish onto the vernacular .
You can use that one thousand dollars for anything that you want .
We will be giving out prizes from the raffle , but there will be no refreshments .
We moved on to different things after some time .
They have to encourage kids to develop values through their own self-esteem .
That sucks , you know you do n't have to do it .
Do you still want to be a dinosaur when you grow up ?
The thought about the war never crossed my mind .
Just this morning we signed up the 50th person for the reunion and so I can announce that we will be able to use the Holiday Inn on the planned day and time -LRB- Sept. 18 , 6:30 -RRB- .
Synonymy is imperfect , but close enough for it to be used for entertainment purposes .
My friend had gone home before nighttime .
They 're going to want to know how to react to this tragedy in their own towns .
Many people assisted Bin Laden with terrorizing America .
Logs show the meeting included the just the FAA and FBI .
So you did n't pick any of them , then ?
I should really spend more time studying and try harder to get to all my classes .
The passage suggests that the older Scots feel only children could spell difficult words .
A product comparison with a small modification is essential to model development .
We appreciate your consideration because no one else but you pays attention to us .
Judging that his circumstances in Afghanistan remained more favorable than the Iraqi alternative , Bin Laden declined .
I think that makes God furious .
The military kept Islamists from getting power in Algeria and thousands were killed as a result .
It is unknown whether business cycles are affected by inventories at the macroeconomic level .
The body measurements would be given directly to the apparel supplier .
It would be great if you were involved .
The sketchy past was replaced by many cultures flourishing .
I never spoke to a him , but I spoke to a her . Oh yes I did .
Parents who do n't react promptly and predictably learned this particular philosophy from the internet journal .
Children are not the only active agents but are more willing to learn .
I like to read the classic comics over the more modern ones .
So would a society be impacted by poverty .
Not a one of you participated in the study .
You will work in our organization for free , but you will help Earth .
The provisions were amended to include the cargo .
Students will become more experienced through trial practice courses .
A guy has a brown paper bag .
You should join and keep supporting us in 1999 .
These periods are most evident by periods of extreme violence .
Gifts do n't help maintain buildings or staff .
Bearing Gould enjoying being a writer
Effective scaffolding is best achieved without communication .
Shells are n't made into jewelry .
You can help the school honor Dr Phillips as well as his two beloved dogs .
In the next ten years , we will now be able to provide a stability , and positivity for every child which is very important .
Children were pushed out of adult conversation , and really just pushed to the side in general .
Dad could n't read a tape measure well .
I liked it because it was very fun .
Diskettes may also be referred to as floppies .
That sounds like it would make me happy .
The resulting profit grows even after the higher finished goods used in larger inventories have been considered .
Customer demographics is one of the areas that can give retailers more data on consumer preferences .
This is a little more involved .
Give what you are able , even if it 's just $ 10 .
United 93 definitely could not be intercepted .
We are funded by thousands of donor .
A letter written in 1988 .
We have got confirmation that the plane has landed .
The system will break apart in future due to these mixed feelings .
The sheet of plastic used to control air flow is very thick .
They were informed that they were travelling northeast .
I did n't think it was at first , but it turns out what I was trying to use was actually lacquer thinner , so that would explain why it was n't working .
Did a crowd hang around that because of it ?
The bomb on the plane was C4 explosive hidden in a backpack .
The assembly and shipping dock were both huge money savers .
They are running barefoot in the grass .
People take great care in maintaining their traditions .
These projects cost a ton of money to implement .
Afterwards , all attempts to establish connections were discontinued .
There is no one else on my property .
Feminists know a lot about language because sexism
There are serious risks for the unborn child of a young and unmarried mother .
300 students and their families are very enthusiastic about the event of IUPUI Conference Center .
Ted Olson has been solicitor general for 5 years .
The year 1990 was the most promising year of matching gifts , slightly ahead of the year 1986 .
Our fund raising efforts have not been fruitful .
At the very least , you will lead a child to turn to drugs and crime .
Goodwill will not help him .
The aircraft they had been responding to did not exist .
Can you think of the biggest number you know ?
Acolytes can be of either gender .
Military experiments always have a practice target to be hit .
Wanda has to balance with this increasingly difficult problem as she copes with a new job .
They grew up in a large city in Florida .
The bird constantly pooped on the furniture .
Figure 8.6 is the monthly demand for an SKU of a double-breasted jacket .
Anagram flags are naturally strange looking due to the stylistic requirements to make them an anagram flag .
In Old English , the word `` gar '' means `` spear '' .
He knew about the plane hijacking .
We do n't need to go to our alumni for financial aid in order to accomplish this goal .
I do n't have 100 dollars .
Thomas Gray and Oliver Goldsmith are the same person , neither of whom wrote Elegy in a Country Churchyard .
No more students can be given this opportunity as the deadline has already passed .
The Bishop likes walking among crowds while they eat .
Forecast by analogy involves using data from similar products to design new products .
It is n't your aunt or Lois .
There are a wide variety of anagram flag types .
The man 's son was the gardener .
They grew up in a small town .
The same delegation returned to Lebanon the next year .
We do n't need to speak with FAA .
Brazilian child street vendors are ahead on tasks devised for children in industrialized nations .
According to Mr. Thomas B. Lemann , the conversion of Onomatoplazia 's opening quote from one script to another included the following .
The pronoun problem comes from the third chapter of the Handbook .
I have n't seen a few of the books .
It is safe to assume the manufacturing lead time , or time required to go from production order to a product ready for shipping and retail , is less than one week .
The Maennerchor Society does not place much importance on fundraising for the school .
This is so much more difficult than high school .
Thanks a third time for helping point the way to the men 's restroom .
If you want to find some information about Children 's Harbor , you have to come to our office .
There was a response .
Running capital equipment at full capacity around the clock costs more than it 's worth .
There is a small demand .
We need to hold off on communicating to them , the last thing we need is fighter jets over Manhattan .
I hope he was not lying .
Over one thousand people do not know what it is like to support themselves .
There are different questions fro the different words
Final consumers have more shirt options to choose from nowadays .
In Brazil , there are no child street vendors .
You need to contact us
There are many sounds that non-native speakers can not differentiate .
The managers were asked to determine demand variation .
I did n't have any chances left to change my life .
He has been dealing with diabetes since he was a child .
The desexed maxim portion and the sections that follow are preceded by numerous sections regarding aphorisms and maxims .
Underneath milady 's 16th-century skirt lay a light wooden frame .
How long you take to say something is an indication of how intelligent you are .
Nordstrom ran ads in the newspaper for help with pest control during the 1980s .
On the whole , parents are dissatisfied with the amount of time they have with their children .
I like the author C.S.
Apparently another aircraft smashed into the tower .
On average , distribution time is reduced by 20 % after employing the new standards for marking shipments .
X and Y are always the exact same thing .
The fighters flew to intercept the hijacked aircraft .
Who would n't want to smell like that ?
The United 93 crash was caused by the passengers .
Your child 's school has a Social Health program but , your child did not attend .
Sales volume and variability have a steep sloped curve .
Perhaps that woman 's name was Susan .
The group of mooing livestock -LRB- Onomatoplazia -RRB- laboriously trod in Thomas Gray 's Elegy in a Country Churchyard , not in the works of Oliver Goldsmith .
The study was concerned with the amount of ice cream that a child could consume in a given time .
According to David Schmidt , students do n't care about the upgraded lounge .
Please make camp possible for more children by ignoring this request .
Bin Ladin had enough money to pay Kherchtou , but did n't .
As a result , the hijacked planes were allowed to remain in the air .
Bin Laden hated the country if Sudan .
What was growing up in Charlotte like ?
He sent out emails calling for the murder of unbelievers .
The size of the pattern is adjustable , and images are compared for appeal .
The apparel industry 's work practices have never evolved at any point .
Kissed my neck .
Consider the relationship of maternal employment to first graders ' grades , friends , and eating habits .
Dialect geography is n't important anymore like it used to be .
We have n't had time to think about the future or even prepare for Fall .
She read all the classics to us .
We no longer offer discounts on any Audubon products
At the same time we were building our marriage we were adjusting to diabetes , we know as much then as we do now .
You can make a difference right now .
If the demand is lower , we need to buy fewer units .
The evidence showed that the hijacking began at 9:14 , precisely .
High demand variation occurs only during the beginning of a product life cycle .
Semantic Clue elements are a special-case class .
The Campus Campaign was organized by a very intelligent man .
underprivileged children will not be able to eat well-balanced meals .
The felled seams of shirts are visible because it makes the item look brighter .
You can offer them your support and services .
I do n't believe that Opium perfume smells like an opium den .
We are not planning to have any new initiatives
We regret to inform you that you do not qualify for this study .
Parent 's these day 's are n't concerned about major transitions .
The subject was writers that you read now .
Did you like their music ?
I am corresponding with you to inquire if you will donate in 1990 .
Afghan refugees fled to Pakistan .
They may give much needed security to on one of the Pakistani borders
Most people did not notice that Washington 's suit was brown at his first inaugural in April of 1789 .
Watching TV .
We are looking forward to hearing from you .
I had no more slips in my hand and could not look for them anymore .
Immigrants are not expensive , and easy to control .
He said , they used to call it , The committee of Foresaken Mothers but now it ; s called something else .
The has received requests for information and services from Australia .
You were born in Presbyterian Hospital in 1990 .
The FAA 's Cleveland Air Route Traffic Control Center heard an announcement about a bomb being on the plane , but none was ever discovered .
Construction paper was in stock a higher percentage of the time .
The plane was piloted by Captain Burlingame and First Officer Charlebois .
Margaret keeps active by entertaining herself and not relying on charity , she is 74 not 95 and does n't need a babysitter .
A graphic CE is a complex form of classification .
The monkey aboard the ship was there to fetch supplies .
I did n't read any of the books .
Imagining objects and events without support from the real world is challenging for a young child .
Only a piece of enchilada
Economies characterized by lower levels of modern manufacturing experience lower output .
Jarrah used the radio rather than the intercom .
Safire uses puns and word-play frequently .
Jessica had n't considered Tyrone 's zone when she was dealing with her list .
I really did think it was lacquer thinner .
He told me we could not take the livestock to care for by himself .
There a billion human beings who derive comfort from Islam .
The damages to the brains in children can not be helped .
Paul W. Kroll works as a janitor at the local Subway .
Cobuild and CED are n't truly polar opposites .
We hope to have 100 inner-city mentors next year .
American 11 turned kept its transponder on during the entire flight providing full information on the horrific tragedy of 9/11 .
Some places may never be investigated .
She recalled poems she heard from her boyfriend in high school .
Over some years in the near past there have been a voluntary , deliberate change in word choices .
There are no examples of onomatoplazia .
The sun was setting at 5 p.m.
A someone who attended school while meeting the challenges of trying to pay for your education , you might find this new project enticing .
The Palestine Liberation Organization , Hezbollah , and Hamas are examples of organizations that were represented .
He was able to bring in new people for bigger actions and rev up everyone with every new attack .
The commander did n't make a path to Langley at all .
The FAA was confused because of receiving mixed signals .
It reached its initial assigned cruising altitude several minutes past 8:14 .
The supervisory costs tend to be quite a lot .
Charles Delaney wanted more examples of onomatoplazia .
One spoke good English and the other spoke little English to the authorities .
Readers should take my word for it about the breadth of coverage .
People began thinking that American 77 was the plane which was hijacked .
Locke and Rousseau 's theories on child rearing are similar .
Parents have no reason to try when it comes to raising their kids .
Demands are changed often and quickly for manufacturers .
Reviewing their missions , command and control structures will not aid us in understanding their interactions .
The line with the greatest distance from the trendline translates to a 0 percent impossibility .
It is not necessary to mark the different orders .
Please shut the door .
We waste lots and lots of money .
You need to stretch yourself to achieve success
Wherley was the commander of the 113th Wing .
Jarrah pitched the aircraft nose up and down .
In central Indiana , you can help support needed services .
So do you think that is the difference between high school and college ?
General Wherley described it in military lingo as flying weapons free , meaning that the decision to shoot rests with the lead pilot .
We refuse to save the galaxy .
Your support wo n't make a difference .
Cheney relayed their message to the president .
Truck bombs , like the one used in the death of 241 Americans , were of particular interest to Bin Ladin .
People from 43 different countries were present , and the event was hosted on live TV .
They all maintained relationships with al Qaeda .
I stare outside the window and I seem him dashing through the yard .
People put the most blame on how contemporary children are reared .
Onomatopoeia is a word that has a very old origin .
A common DNA leads to broad outlines of development for people .
Our great school could care less about your support , we can manage without you and your donations .
60 % of our budget comes from Goodwill .
I would be happy if you became part of our community .
When the children talk , they are interested in talking about the things people do .
Suppliers who know their customers ' demand tend to make the most profits .
Participation often has negative consequences for children , and it does not help them to get along better with others .
L does n't have any illustrations in it
A letter written at 5 in the morning on June 21st .
The FAA tries to control pilots too much .
It is simply remarkable that Lederer uses the word corruption .
Sudanese authorities are harsh .
You financial support can only be accepted in donations of 100 dollar bills .
The finished product from the beginning .
Of the 4 , random fluctuation is the most problematic for analysts .
Social experiences can affect the way one develops . Even so these behaviors have been proven they can be changed .
There was no hot cargo provision to the statute .
Ricky picked up the items as they passed him .
He was an American .
This latter piece of information is unaccountably lacking , because someone stole it .
There are group tours available at the museum .
Self-sufficiency is desirable for some .
The United States provided little or no assistance to Bin Ladin .
There are no others within the system with mixed feelings .
Hard science fiction .
The orders never got approved .
They saw another airplane hit the World Trade Center at 9:03 .
All donations go directly to a scholarship fund .
New Market , VA was the halfway point of our trips .
Children with disabilities develop in a way that is detailed in chapter 7 .
The manager was given updates by Sweeney .
The Command Center never got a visual report about the plane , so they relied on radar .
It is not appropriate to suggest that United 93 would have been intercepted .
Allah is God .
Mr. Spock was a highly-respected thinker in the field of parenting .
How can parents find more time for their children ?
Mental representation is not exclusive to play for small kids .
Consider a study of first graders ' academic and social skills in relation to their mothers ' employment .
2-year-old Sophie 's parents have been divorced for a year .
I am sorry for Tuleja .
I believe they practice it everywhere , not just the south .
The monkey was incredibly fast and thorough with his job .
Some non-English speakers have misunderstood what it means .
The plane had damaged one block of the Pentagon .
I asked him , for what reason ?
The platoon sergeant was from the 8th Infantry Division .
The controller never got a response from the pilot of United 93 .
So we stayed there and stopped driving .
British papers never offer more than one crossword .
The aircraft 's pilots immediately began their assent upwards .
They only had 100 students in the school .
The controller was told to take abnormal steps for the aircraft .
The mind of the child is not social .
There is no confusion between English and Japanese , they translate perfectly .
Once children reach adolescence they no longer have problems differentiating words from objects .
Do the narratives she give you make you happy ?
Some people think Science Fiction should necessarily espouse facts and logic rooted in the scientific method .
I would recommend to break a collarbone of all bones .
Our great school thanks you for your generous donation and ongoing support !
The director stresses grievances against the United States .
In all of the hijackings , the earliest notification the military would receive was nine minutes ahead of the crash .
I want him to beat my heart and brain
Giles said an explorer 's experience is like a funeral .
She also performs different operation in the bundle .
This person witnessed someone with a fake bomb .
We will review their missions , command and control structures and write it down in a report .
Leave the bottom singed from the fire .
He fired his financial manager , who his followers believed to be too eager to part with money .
Human development from age 10 to 18 .
In Sarasota , Florida the President had arrived at a school .
Abdullah Azzam was from Saudi Arabia .
Certain styles of conversation makes it easier to teach children to eventually read and write .
How old are you ?
I think your mother was still young when I was born .
The tele fund is going to last two months long
Your donations bought me a new car .
Johnson 's Frenchie goes to hell .
Five-year pledges are the most important and you will get recognition in publications for them .
Trade issues are never discussed by analysts and public policy makers .
That time your were trying to take that floor joist , my brother was there too .
Bin Laden 's offices gave information and support for his terrorist activities .
All products a firm carries will have moderate demand variation .
Present water called for celebration because they were so thirsty .
The item later turned out to be a pager that was clipped to his pocket .
A pledge card and envelope is included for your usage .
Ballinger 's warning was recieved without problem at 9:24
Sometime after 10 in the morning , the military aide returned .
We missed the opportunity to provide stability , and positivity to each child for the next ten years .
Blades are an inferior substitute for spears .
Real time information about sales has required the distribution chain to speed up .
Forecasts based on historical data were primarily written by men .
The suggestion was to send planes to guard washington DC .
Garlic was the most popular vegetable in medieval English cuisine .
Do you speak any other languages ?
American mothers usually put more of an emphasis on correction than Chinese mothers did .
the Command Center relayed the information concerning United 93 to FAA headquarters
The connections among literary study , writing and linguistics are emphasized by the new requirements .
The view their children as more permanently available than job opportunities .
Gender neutral terms should always be used .
The Branch has several goals revolving around helping youths .
The Goodwill and people need your help in finding jobs .
It was n't unheard of for a commercial aircraft to change their route a bit , though it is absolutely not allowed today , under any circumstance .
The spread of Lupus through prostitutes and veterinary surgery .
Having information on the customer demand is a competitive advantage .
Deep cultural immersion results in a poorer ability to master complex skills .
Sometimes hunting is necessary in order to find a shirt 's correct parts .
Now you read a lot of books do n't you ?
The WYCA offers summer programs to kids from families who otherwise could n't afford camp .
The last chapter is about essential elements .
It is believed that this same call , is the one where the Vice President supposedly told the President not to come back to Washington , but there is no proof of that .
The IUPUI does not have a statewide project .
Over 20,000 girls became a member of the Council in 2017 .
Do you like to cycle a lot ?
The hope to find a lake is both included and crucial .
Everything will be ok , he said .
Thankfully , I found out recently that they did n't do it even though they said they would .
The distinct characteristics of make-believe must be identified according to Vygotsky .
This machine is unable to do anything more than handle sleeves .
Women are furious that they have such a difficult time finding a pair of jeans .
They were not planning to hijack the plane , but instead threaten the people sitting next to them .
The plane was on time when it took off .
It was a truly boring thing .
It was really hard for me , was it for you too ?
You can make your check out to the Indiana University Foundation and designate it for Law-Indpls .
The distribution shown in Figure 6.1 should not be used for this SKU .
Nobody laughed at Chaucer 's line .
Gifts allow necessary resources , like supplying library materials , moot court , and student research assistants .
The economic growth of Indiana was very poor in the 1990 's .
I try really hard to please my dad no matter what .
He did n't think he 'd hit the mark , but figured he 'd take a long-shot .
Can you tell the story to your mom again ?
You can also call us if you need us
The Secretary and Vice Chairman joined by 10:30 am .
There was no direct line between the FAA and military command .
That sounds like a really boring and safe thing to do .
I hope this correspondence finds your family doing well , but I care not much for you .
We only have 20 percent of the operating budget to use towards serving stray animals .
The time was the busiest time of the stock market .
The conjunction of black and gold is ambiguous .
Momma told me a lot of nice stories when I was younger .
Boolean algebra is formed from the subsets of a given set , and under Boolean algebra certain sets are closed underneath two commutative binary options that are described by systems of postulates , which can be calculated from the postulates which identify elements that exist for each specific operation .
You mentioned `` As You Like It '' as one of your favorite stories .
Workers are organized in lines within sewing rooms , with a machine seated next to them .
Only a small percentage were judged to have been involved in activities that grabbed their attention .
Did you personally experience floods growing up in Penn ?
The textile-apparel relationship involved commitments to securing materials ahead of time .
I currently read history .
That was very easy for him to pull off .
You do not have to be pursuing an undergraduate degree to benefit from the new programs .
Researchers realize that normal kids show similarities and differences in pathways of change that are hard to diagnose .
The plane was trying to avoid the fighters .
May that happen to all the misguided viewers .
The airline did n't know where he was .
A manager from the Boston center said they could not understand anything they were hearing .
There is n't anything wrong with any of the images .
Foreign competition and newer technology are the root of these changes .
Some people want to believe the literal teachings of the Hadith and Quran .
Bar codes were never adopted for information collection by retailers .
The CIA was late and had to join after the start due to an ongoing investigation .
She always threw soup labels away .
It bothers me that you often go out during the week , because I worry that you 're falling behind in your studies .
Televised material is easy for preschoolers to misunderstand .
There is a correct translation of the south .
Indy Reads helped me reach my literacy goals .
Czechoslovakia 's compact capital .
Anselmo often gets angry when his parents adopt new kids into the family and leave him in his chains , fueling his sense of helplessness .
The total production quantity has increased in the past year .
The hijackers planned to take early flights .
He wanted it a bit cooler .
The Quran is said to motivate the terrorists and radical soldiers in middle east .
Do you not agree that it was terrible ?
Make no mistake , your gift to the United Way will be used efficiently and effectively to help people with no other recourse , who are in need here in the area .
We may not be able to reach our goal without your donation .
Your classmate was a brilliant student and a great person .
Each experience was a memory from childhood .
We have what ?
He enjoyed making excessive demands to his tenants .
It spread across the world after beginning in Europe .
Did you like it ?
Not only were the results of your analysis inaccurate , they were also ridiculous .
I would like you to visit me here .
The Salvation Army 's services go beyond the community .
The staff member told Becky to take the art home but Becky told the lady to hang it on her fridge .
The Black Cane Society is a way to recognize donors .
Ted is thankful that is adult children are helping me around the house more .
A sheep of one years of age has this term .
He was lucky he did not get any shrapnel in his eye .
Supplier executives are all glad that they implemented the new practices .
Any contribution would be able to qualify for tax deductions .
None of the firms were similar , they all dealt with different branches of the justice system .
The President 's press secretary stayed on the ground all day .
I am starting a journey .
Students run into financial obstacles that diminish their excitement and motivation .
When they were little they were read stories .
Dad would appreciate it .
When you were younger you worked with your father .
We find you ill-suited to sponsor a bench .
By 8:33 , it had n't climbed to above 20,000 feet .
Do you remember your mother reading to you when you were a child ?
Amelia felt much better after her cathartic cry .
They said that the FAA was able to provide information with a time delay of less than a minute ,
Are you under huge pressure from your parents ?
I am very fond of this area and I prefer to live close to my family .
My dad wants me to have a high paying job so I can retire early .
We provide the best education around .
It never did change .
She was still sleeping when I walked through her room .
Let 's look for shells .
Sensitive parents are more empathetic to a child 's needs .
The private-label programs grew in the 1980 's .
We have no way of comparing the demand for different products .
This book is too big to be physically published as one volume .
They worked continuously without any rest at all .
The division of production by a manager hinges purely on how they feel .
Denis was incorrect about all the same
Tigers devour people .
Information concerning what material inventories plants have in real-time is needed .
They had fights with buckets of ice cold water .
The transponder code changed and the controller was eventually able to contact them .
Every minute delayed impacts the children .
The call only last 15 seconds .
Men like you are a dime a dozen .
Most humans live out of their means in the United States , wanting more than just the basic water and electricity .
Alison only thinks about paint colors which are the color of her real room .
Jarrah never had any doors blocked .
I expect the marketing will be a success for the new perfume .
There 's another problem created when another ply is put on top .
The mentioned methods rely on the definition of words .
Did you enjoy this story at all in your life ?
The parent who insists that their child do some household chores encourages the child 's learning .
Replacing the explanation with the author 's diatribe would only work in textbooks written by famous professors .
Simply fill out the form linked below , and include it in your tax return .
Sewing a bundle of items of one color means the bobbin and thread does n't have to be changed .
The flight attendants had no training for the situation and therefore did not take action .
There 's never any need to hunt for a shirt 's correct parts .
In Sarasota , Florida the President had arrived at a school just moments before the hijackers would take over .
The wine reminded me of Muscat Ramble so I changed the name .
It is very clear that Randall finds joy in her work .
Without your support , Keep Indianapolis Beautiful could not do the work it does .
Other grounds can be used to convince one to study Latin .
At last , it 's over .
Insight about civilizations that existed in the past can be gleaned from these investigations .
Vagina comes from the Greek word for heaven .
The program is designed to help students who want to start their own business .
We are flying low to the ground .
The statement was not true .
We have already noted how family outings are one of the excellent focal points of adult-child engagement .
I know that they will fully support me no matter what I choose to do next , even though they would love for me to stay in nursing since they know it 's what I truly love .
The story was of Jack and the Beanstalk . I was afraid of Jacks .
There 's no excuse for how he acted .
Men usually do n't assigned their work to review .
I hope you 'll make a contribution to support the work SEND does for homeowners facing foreclosure .
Manufacturers ca n't afford to take the risk of making products with high demand variation .
Some military slang terms have been in use for several decades .
No ideas for other terminology to use was offered .
Whats your favorite toy you got this year ?
This book covers a lot of topics on managing business ' financial output .
Many other retailers followed the new distribution system .
If the Scots give them credit than almost anyone would give them credit .
The efforts took seven or eight minutes .
Around exactly 10 o'clock , Jarrah got control of the airplane .
A bar code is a circular array of stripes to identify price .
Mr. Henn would have none of that , and insisted the country should always be called ` Nam .
Feminist writers know exactly was is right and wrong
The Vice President agreed again .
The spokesperson had flown out of the country the day before .
The 9/11 hijackings all occurred on the same day .
American 77 's information was clearly displayed on the primary radar .
An issue called imprinting may happen where the duck thinks its a person .
Because of these multiple origins , Yiddish is considered by many to be an easy language to learn .
No calls were made by the passengers or flight crew .
Washington 's first inaugural was in December of 1789 .
A unique marker that combines different orders using the same fabric is required .
A large proportion of women authors use pseudonyms .
Randall enjoys doing her work while sipping on espresso .
Without Big Sisters , 5000 young girls will fall between the cracks of society .
I am quitting early today for an emergency .
Whatever you donate , we 're thankful to receive it .
Chapter 6 discusses the challenges and downsides involved in adding new products .
The good news it that we will be able to party at the Holiday Inn on Sept. 18 at 6:30 due to the fact we have acquired the minimum number of attendees -LRB- 50 -RRB- .
He did not talk about that with the President .
Bin Ladin made friends with other extremists like Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , who was Islamic .
They left to go on up the mountain .
There were many reports that morning with incorrect information about the hijacking .
The plain idea of sewing renders it hard to automate the process .
Chinese children also listens to their parents and comply to them .
The family had taken the same walk through the national park in September last year .
Michael had a movement disorder from the day he was born .
No one with the airlines or FAA had ever dealt with more than one hijacking .
Based on our analysis , using the funds on college tuition has the greatest impact on someone 's life .
You must be pretty lonely not having any kids .
Their cumulative effect has very little effect , if at all .
Multiagency communication did not take place at all .
The cathedral is not our alma mater .
They have a clear distinction between military and civilians .
That shell looks like Mom 's necklace she got at the art fair .
He was later the instructor at Fort Bragg .
The form is confusing and can not be comprehended .
This specific production type and its derivatives have been tested for over a century .
A closer relation to the father enhances a child 's cognitive and social capacities .
The three individuals had consecutive positions when lining up for the ticket counter .
I was about to give up hope til I went to the Goodwill .
Without his company growing he would n't be able to reach as many people .
The program could definitely not be important to productivity
Omar al Bashir was completely under the thumb of Turabi .
The disapproval stems from a basic dispute of the issue .
Technological innovations are ubiquitous in sewing rooms , and without them , workers would be out of sync .
That was really my high school life .
You can only make contributions in $ 50 increments .
The national highway system was a blow to mass retailing .
The IUPUI will become a great example for other higher education institutions .
How was it growing up in the Western US ?
I currently live in New York .
Think about helping 1 , 2 , or 3 children .
There may have been a different outcome with peaceful opposition .
One of my favorite books is I , Robot .
The word onomatopoeia was not historic from Aristophanes .
Cycle times have more of a bearing on the time a manager will spend between plants .
This new project will not speak to you as a former student since you did n't struggle with finances .
A special language of education may be necessary to acquire to join entry into the guild .
She learns that it is possible to choose possibilities and control the outcomes .
American Airlines Flight 77 had been increasing speed to reach 530 miles per hour .
Children will be more successful if they are educated at an Israeli kibbutz .
Young children have trouble reproducing the steps of an activity .
He mentioned that the bible and commented about its followers .
Perjinkety has more than two meanings .
These dialogues happen often .
By the 21st century .
Will they ever ?
The procedure has a mediocre success rate .
The gunfire was very loud because it was close by .
The time was before 10:00
Nobody likes the Spring Creek Prairie !
Pledges or gifts should be returned within the next 30 days .
All speech is ment to be understood literally as it is spoken .
Intelligence said the bomb was linked to Libya 's Qadhafi , the head of the military .
While paella is a good dish to eat in Valencia , duende is one that should be tried too even though it 's tricky to order .
The top thread is pulled by the leg .
Chapter 10 also goes beyond human resource practices to describe how performance of suppliers can improve .
I asked Kevin to keep his mouth shut ,
Long production runs have traditionally been how men 's clothing have been made .
My grades are not so good .
You still have n't stopped .
Preschoolers always understand televised material .
I 've used the drug opium , and know that the perfume Opium smells like it .
The registration materials for the Fall Alumni Dental Conference were sent out last month .
`` Brave new world '' is a very popular phrase because of the homonymous book .
Do not visit our campus please
Bin Laden left Saudi Arabia fearing an attack from the U.S.
That is very unusual so it must cause a big reaction .
We sent a crossword that gives information on the law school .
The operation was carried out by Saudi Hezbollah without any help from anyone other than Iran 's financial support .
Lilly Endowment Inc. gave a 6 million grant .
We can unconditionally support such a scholarship .
You 'll donate 1,000 dollars to help us ?
People do n't usually want to hear about those things much .
In my opinion the way they interpreted the evidence is skewed .
FFA headquarters did not contact the NMCC because they felt it was unnecessary .
It was deemed a failure at the time .
They were not even successful at diverting the aircraft from their intended course .
A partner who shows a lot of care , often forms a closer bond with the child .
What is the comparison to the amount that would purchase the product but with a short pant length instead .
The couple argued a lot .
I might end up settling down here .
She said the pilot told them they 'd been hijacked .
Another commercial airliner was heading towards Washington State .
They only told me that one .
Even though he knew little about cattle , he made sure to brand his stock .
I did n't enjoy the convo we had .
The utopian communes have succeeded in denting it .
Still did n't respond .
I would appreciate it if you would send a similar gift again this year to support our efforts .
Easter is a wonderful time like no other to continue to extend grace to others .
I 'm coming , have a little patience , I told him .
He did not pass the inspection .
The tenor brings the show to force with his ending .
Is that a story you tell ?
I was very surprised by that , I had not suspected it .
Amalgamated and ILGWU joined together in 1995 to get the majority of the market share .
Bin Laden thought of himself as an not influential on the global stage .
There are no US intelligence estimates on the number of people who were trained by Bin Ladin-supported camps .
Vygotsky pointed out that there was no need to identify the specific features of make-believe .
The letters about the QES program should be sent to Bob in the United States .
Here is New York Center .
General Larry Arnold told his staff to broadcast over a NORAD messaging service at 10:31 that the Vice president had authorized the shooting down of hijacked planes .
Apparel exports have shrunk rapidly since the mid-1970s .
That ad copy sounds good to me .
God does n't exist .
The quarterly collections somehow have n't been enough .
He was unable to get into contact with the Vice President .
Chinese mothers do not correct their children .
The security personnel are said to have discussed a hijacking of the plan .
If it gets too hard , they will all give up .
I was never in Brooklyn .
Get one 's goat is not a possible entry .
The total production for each SKU is allocated to two plants .
It is technically possible , but not permitted for one to use their hands .
The options are sensible and completely logical .
The state centered regimes wished to release the elite 's hold on national wealth .
I still read history books every month .
Bin Ladin suspected that there were hidden reasons for his invitation .
She responded by tossing the block , and engaging in reading a book .
Spending time with family and friends is preferred to TV by children .
The IUPUI Chancellor is always looking for special opportunities .
A note of Calvinist disapproval is rather fanciful to discern here .
They requested authority to use EMPs on the aircraft .
Tillie Olsen fails to identify a period when women were diverted from their work .
People sometimes confuse the Gruy and the cheese
CAPPS flagged hundreds of terrorists , including Majed Moqed , Khalid al Mihdar , and Hani Hanjour .
Children prefer to get into real-life situations .
There are other possible classifications for SKUs beyond these three , but they are unimportant .
We lived in a place that was next to the ocean .
We still do not get along .
The passengers were allowed to remain in their seats by the hijackers .
Children are responsible for completing their own work .
A solid inventory strategy is often indicative of a conservative risk management style .
The Synonym Finder contains very few synonyms .
The member swore that he was innocent of all charges .
This interconnection creates competence , expertise and self-assurance .
Only five other classes registered to participate in this effort .
Sir Ernest Gowers ate up to ten scones each day while researching his book .
The control wheel of the plane was turned to the right , so they crashed into the ground .
You can only keep doing 80 weeks for so long before it wears you down .
Students will provide dental health education to homeless people .
We should do this correctly .
He looked along the projected flight plan .
He appeared to have something in his back pocket , according to the video footage .
Call Sharyl or Kim with any questions about how you can support the program .
There reason for us to be informed promptly .
No one regards Adam 's privilege of naming to be significant .
I wish you would n't use swear words in front of the girls .
NORAD officials have maintained that military would have shot it down if the passengers had n't crashed it .
The CIA was caught off guard , and scrambled a response team .
Preschoolers view shows with their parents .
Retail workers pay continues to improve beyond the median .
All of his books were science fiction .
If you can list more than five , great ! If not , no need to worry .
Giles said an explorer 's experience is like a baptism without religion .
You are competitive about being more down , so --
The L and W are almost identical .
Macbeth is stopped from annulling the bond .
People on the Hopi Reservation think their culture should be preserved .
Maternal employment or non parental child care are not an allegation of the findings .
The books were first printed in Japanese .
So far , twenty five orthodontic students have benefited from his contribution .
Join us to watch the happy endings for moms and babies .
The funds are only given to academically successful students
Customers will typically receive the items paid for in days .
Changing the manufacturing practice allows the industry to focus on competitiveness .
Perhaps it was called so because of its arm like shape .
Marker-makers can only achieve efficiencies of 80 percent if they do not aggregate the units to be made into groups of large and small sizes .
The CAP was following a hijacked plane .
The sewing machines are state of the art , and get the job done swiftly .
What Qutb conceived as a fight between God and Satan is very black and white .
The west side of Charlotte was nice .
Bin Ladin owned multiple businesses which were n't extremely wealthy .
All of Ted 's children are less than the age of 10 .
Understanding has no impact at all
Crossword games are a testament of the versatility and flexibility of linguistic synonymy .
The Indiana Dental Association members were thankful because they had this opportunity .
You were n't born in the States , were you ?
Your gift has n't helped anyone at all .
I like that ad copy .
Despite coining many new words and phrases , none of Orwell 's terms have enjoyed usage in the English language .
There were 3 volunteers and 1 staff member at the YMCA International Conference .
They failed to respond .
I did not realize how early it was .
A prime ballerino is the ` first male dancer in a ballet company ' .
The FAA , WHite House , and Defense Department were in a teleconference together at 10:00 .
These measurements will be able to help the computer see how the product will form on a body .
You completed a bachelor 's degree from Purdue University
We did not include a reply card or return envelope .
Fully automatic die-cutters are safer than other equipment .
I do n't know who is Dr. Seuss .
There are studies examining the connection between a person 's gender and linguistic gender .
The Libyans had to leave the country since Bin Laden could n't protect them .
The word `` cock '' refers to reptiles and not birds .
I love them but their actions do not reflect on myself .
The general public is the first group to be solicited for the Cathedral High fund .
There was another radio transmission that had a lot of people screaming about a hijacker killing people
Nothing has been recorded .
The fact that suits use the same ply makes it easier to mass produce suits .
The Gallerie was much nicer than the shoe store .
I hope you 'll take this donation from SEND .
Replenishment requirements are usually lenient , because business regulations are lax in general .
I do enjoy criticizing Safire 's humor regardless of the medium or context .
Are you sure you really want to be keeping that from everyone ?
Formal child care in the US is much better than in any other country .
Third chapter is describing how to avoid sexism .
Sent the check by November 28th and you will receive a special letter .
A lower I/S ratio results in lower inventory volatility and changes in sales will result in smaller changes in inventories .
Marr did n't ask for permission to scramble the Otis fighters .
She might add that there 's a 50 percent chance the demand would fall between six and thirteen units .
I know . You do n't want a cracker .
When researchers apply the label semantic , they always do so with great care .
I am sure you will not think of Wanda or any of these women on Mother 's Day .
Quality assembly of garments are only possible locally .
The flight attendants already finished their cabin service for the morning .
Go in for an extra long lunch with your boss .
I read all the books suggested by my teachers .
The YMCA has become involved with Liberia to help them recover from war .
The opposite of a blunt hanging fire is undecided , up in the air .
It was confirmed that he did not land .
Most people assumed the Russians were the ones responsible .
I was playing outside and rang the doorbell , pretending to be a salesman .
Get one 's elephant is also a possible entry .
They both find that this general point is very important .
Gifts of $ 40.00 are really negligible when it comes to valuable funding .
The American Airlines Southeastern Reservations Office in Car , North Carolina was contacted about an emergency on the flight .
That was done for Dad .
A basketball coach .
Pilots were unaware that the planes were hijacked .
` family hold back , ' was spoken loudly .
The American 11 flight was hijacked before 8:32 .
We would hate to do that .
It was surely the freedom .
He did not even care to ask what was happening .
Retailers can gain a higher service level with ongoing review .
Wal-Mart has not had any influence in manufacturing and logistics systems .
My sisters seemed to like it when I got in trouble .
Community needs are decreasing , more help is not needed .
Ideographs are drawn on the sole of the foot in public spaces , it is therefore mandatory that everyone wear sandals for quick access .
Spring is my favorite season , that 's why I love it here .
They would buy their lunches from the cafeteria rather than bring them .
She had no stories to tell us .
The knife and motor are supported over the base plate for the the sewing machine .
Textile mills provided least of the employment in the locality .
David Grant 's science fiction is very boring .
Oh , you want a cracker too !
The Hadith has a lot of Jesus 's sayings .
There are n't too many airborne accidents due to distance .
You never read this book , did you ?
All Islamist training camps and guesthouses were supported in some way by Bin Ladin .
Attaining good cultural values and beliefs .
The location of the workplaces was determined by where the population centers were .
Instead of holding it , you threw it away , did you not ?
Children ca n't participate in make-believe plays .
I was living trapped in my house , me and my son , alone .
I swear you will enjoy knowing you 've helped touch somebedoy .
White House gained improvements by enhanced security .
The military officer was feeling quite worried .
Sir Ernest Gowers wrote wisely on the subject of scone-pronunciation .
Cost structures will not be covered .
I do n't understand at all .
Cloth is not cut at any point in the process .
The commander elected to stop restraining the fighters .
Wanda is able to cope with the problem because she was found success at work .
Without a word , he left immediately for the airport .
In Latin garund is a passive verb .
There 's no reason for me to be concerned .
My sisters did n't like it .
They often simply sit and scream when they want another person to do something for them .
The airlines were not responsible , the FAA was .
The Texans took many names from Mexican items and foods .
Do you plan to move to a city with more job opportunities ?
I was n't afraid when I was told I had leukemia , I think because I 've got the one I love by my side .
I enjoy being up there and my family is there .
They worked very thoroughly and well .
At 9:27 , United 93 interacted with the Cleveland Center controller .
The matching gifts came in waves to celebrate the law school opening , under the patronage of a famous local community owner .
An air attack may have started against the country , the FAA announced .
The first is that I find their interpretation of the evidence to be absolutely spot on .
You can stop with your story .
We were never harmed by the milk but you should not drink it .
All of the pilots have been killed .
In Iran , dominance is held by the Shia .
The software ca n't control the difficult job of cutting lines .
Asking their children to repeat themselves is one of many ways a Chinese mother will correct their child .
Zoning does not seem like it could be possible .
Page 8 contains a page just full of drawings of cartoon characters .
The evolution of language was greatly influenced by human anatomy .
He ran away from the scary dog .
We can create caring communities that support families and shelter children -- that message will be added to those of others across the state , as a member 's voice .
Rapid replenishment arrangements puts inventory risk on the vendor .
No vet cares a wit about this .
The item called a diskette is made of plastic .
I 'd rather you use a different way to phrase , `` She 's a real Johnny-comelately . ''
He was making excessive demands to his tenants .
Most people wear their prom dresses only once .
Discussion of its overall influence is deliberately omitted .
He was homeless until the United Way helped to provide shelter , medical care , counseling and job placement , your gift made this possible .
That may sound like much .
The terrorist cell doubled in size within 2 years .
I do not want to discuss that with you , ever .
Controllers were able to see the altitude of the flight .
A lower I/S ratio results in higher inventory volatility and changes in sales will result in higher changes in inventories .
The entering class was the largest ever .
My cousin is over there .
The plane is not flying normally .
You can give as much , or as little , money as you wish .
Children who are yelled at more tend to perform better later in life .
Gonzalez reported losing phone contact with Ong .
Pretend play is naturally compelling for a young child 's mind .
Trade issues are one of the subjects discussed by analysts and public policy makers .
A woman who makes contributions from time to time sent a note to us here at the Salvation Army .
We stopped working together after a year .
Some men remain profoundly impaired by improper adult investment in their childhoods .
All of Bin Ladin 's comrades were fully subordinate to him .
Retailers can benefit from a lower I/S ratio and its impacts .
Obese come from a single word in the Greek language .
What was it that made you choose to remain in Charlotte to study ?
Bin Laden was the most radicalized Muslim .
It is uncertain when the Vice President arrived .
The Audubon Nature Centers are some of the most well-preserved and calm places in the world .
Do you like to hear other people 's cancer stories ?
These projects are largely ignored and do n't impact anyone .
The increase in strays is directly correlated with an increase in pets as Christmas gifts .
Air traffic control officials told us the air carriers were in charge of notifying their planes of security problems .
I am telling my son about a story that my dad told me when I was younger .
We got up off the floor all day that day .
Somebody who received a call from the plane asked her caller if the hijackers had sticks .
The main specification tracked is the allowance for write-offs .
We let her see the tape .
Mr. Bria assures use that Duende might not be in Italian and French .
The I/S ratio is the ratio of total sales to total good inventories .
Bin Ladin orchestrated America 's presence in Saudi Arabia .
The Sudan regime was working to change for the better .
It was so long ago in the past we have forgotten about all the details .
There is n't enough data to conduct a comprehensive analysis of manufacturing practices .
I was not satisfied with reading books that I have been read to me before .
They also have a place here .
The Middle English had a similar idiom found in a lot of books .
You do n't know if he loves you .
Did n't you read books as a child growing up ?
The IUPUI is more than 24 years old .
Feminists have not said anything about the claim that women talk too much .
The intent of the passengers was described in five calls .
Television is a good distraction .
Please assist us in giving some deserving students the same opportunity .
The second is easy for everyone to understand .
There are families in our community that are in need .
The basic membership includes access to the Audubon Network .
People do not know about the Pleasant Run program .
The Langley fighters remained on the ground according to NORAD officials .
The lotus flower opens and closes at night .
After making your check payable to IU Foundation , please do n't forget to sign them .
The students who are given this opportunity will benefit greatly both now and in the future .
I might come back at some point to visit .
The machines were laid out without regard to the shuttling speed of the bins .
The strikes in Montreal caused those precautionary measures to be put in place .
Probability increased 24 percent .
Air Force One left , unsure where they would go and waiting for more information from FAA .
Muslims believe that the revelations are the rest of God 's message to humanity about how to treat each other .
The first crash was in Pennsylvania .
The Lipschitz diamond is blessed .
Figure 6.1 shows a slight increase in demand for Levi 's jeans in a size 8 .
The world is such a lovely place filled with good people .
Can you recall how many books you read in the first year ?
Since the picturesque locations were the only places worth visiting , they were where we usually went .
It was confirmed through the youth mapping process , that positive opportunities for younger people on weekend evenings were lacking , more activities need to be offered to keep the youths out of trouble .
At NEADS , we received the report in mere seconds after the hijacking became known .
Historians make comments on nobility , church and commons , the three estates of the Western world .
Did you feel special as a child ?
That decision needs to be made in ten minutes or less .
I am not close to my family .
Somebody who received a call from the plane asked her caller if the hijackers had guns .
There is never a subassembly for cuffs or sleeves on either side of the aisle .
If you do n't contact us by the fall , you will have no idea what artists are scheduled for this year .
Ringing of bells on cocktails at the palace .
A while afterwards , two people went into the identical checkpoint .
Most managers take 3-5 days to make a decision .
A large number of the children have suffered abuse or live in unstable homes .
We have relied on merely common sense .
If you held it , in which way did you do so ?
I remember that woman 's name , it was Jane .
New inventory policies have increased volatility of producer and consumer prices .
We do n't know about financial resources .
The answer is not always yes .
Some Egyptians in Al Qaeda were given 1200 a month , Fadl was only paid 500 a month and he hated them for it .
I said that I am not going to be able to go .
She lives at the library at that time .
She might add her prediction which goes against what all the other demand forecasters are saying .
You have also completed a degree at the Business school from Purdue University
We sponsor 200 children during the holiday season that receive special support .
I am certain I never have done that .
The FAA had a special phone line just to call them .
We barely spoke about authors you like now .
The hard evidence is asuumed to be not kept by the RHD
Able to organize shapes into groups .
I know how to count from 1-10 .
Most people saw another plane hit the World Trade Center .
In China , ideographs are commonly drawn on the palm using a forefinger .
They said they do not know the man .
We need to tell them to hurry up , so we can get fighter jets over Manhattan .
Albemarle is where we were residing .
Most people prefer to use the word cunt as it sounds better .
It can take you to a rhymed sentence because it is so fluid .
There is active research in the linguistics community to determine the origins of Indo-European languages .
it 's a request for funds .
Flint was scarce in early America .
Communication , social contact , influence and other factors form the central purpose of language .
Indiana residents may take advantage of the CC-40 Indiana Tax Credit .
He was n't worried at all for the plane .
An icy mist instead of a quick drink stolen while bouncing on a stick .
I have included a Form CC-40 because you earned a certain amount of money and must fill it out .
Technology has impacted their desire to read books .
Are there other things you want to -- ?
He 's pretty warm at 80 , maybe he 's not dead .
It was watched by the Command Center .
You will receive an invitation to a dinner if you return the completed card .
Subcontractors are crumpling up a marker so when it 's laid out it is bigger in width and length .
In 1998 , CCI did n't serve anyone .
There were 36,500 youths surveyed .
I have a father .
Men 's clothing has traditionally had short production runs .
Is the pressure from your folks stressing you out ?
I remember everything .
What stories have you told or read to your own children ?
It 's a page from the dictionary .
We were a poor family , but without trouble --
Count from one to four .
The neighbors never let us use their pool .
Command O.K. was forwarded the update by the Command Center five minutes afterwards .
I appreciate all those positive influences for introducing me to dentistry .
Sarah spent time with another family on her street .
It was a state-of-the-art , completely professional studio .
The majority of the representatives came from Hamas .
Success in retail is a combination of good marketing and awareness of consumer tastes .
Someone can make contributions .
Research is starting to give us answers about what causes SIDS , though we suspect it is genetic .
It is impossible to choose possibilities and further control them .
Hong Kong firms produced so well because the workers were all happy .
The Middle English had a similar idiom .
The shortened term of PC actually means Personal Carrot
Would you like to use your motorcycle ?
There are almost no activities to choose from
Juvenal likes the Greek .
We have had a really negative response to the letter .
James Garner 's Rockford dubbed as a Japanese tenor is a great reminder of one 's firm realization of Garner 's American tone .
Effeciencies of nearly 90 percent are possible for marker-makers .
Are you able to relate to the tale about me ?
Eleven was a high-jacked plane heading south .
Radio and TV are usually observed to have a great standard of English .
Information technology investments have even been proven to reduce inventory risk .
She 's say something like `` Oh no , he 's not mine '' .
Adult-child conversation provides preparation for proper manner .
He had no idea , why would he be guilty ?
Here we are going to show just how profitable manufacturing can be .
You rarely call .
The refinement of die-cutting operations added value to the supply chain .
This scholarship was a significant help to Geology students .
You can skip it .
The IUPUI Chancellor ca n't act when great opportunities arise , can he ?
The pajama division of the sector is easily the most popular amongst the employees .
Your help and support made a difference .
Parents attempting to use these theories travel an unbeaten path .
Are you good at football ?
Overall however , the music still sets a great standard for the genre .
Veterans were happy and more adventurous after that war , just like others .
Public universities are still too expensive for students .
A new set of theories of child development formed with the new millennium .
You have bumped into me somewhere during college
The VP thought they only had a minute or two to make the decision .
Issues with equipment and phone security gave operators difficulty contacting the FAA .
Many people are angry that Eve was denied the privilege of naming .
W has no pronunciation guide at all , while L provides one on every page .
It is intangible but highly valuable .
Your gift can offer services , here are some of them .
Woolf implied the idea that society has always been dominated by men .
Retailing success is achieved by ignoring your customers and keeping marketing to a minimum .
Your contribution to Goodwill will mean more than you will ever be able to measure .
Empty shelves are routinely turning customers away from stores .
Anything that is a favorite story .
The transponder was turned off at the same time as the primary radar contact was lost .
Call Sharyl or Ken if you want to talk about your donation .
I hate working but I love to buy clothes .
There were family member and bodyguards accompanying him .
The flight attendants took action based on the values of their training , and tried their best to communicate with the cockpit .
It 's very hard for me to tell you my decision .
The Making of the President series is one non-fiction that I have read .
The check should be made out to the IGGS Scholarship fund and you can choose how your donation can be utilized .
There 's one county in particular that is quite nice , the Gaston county , it 's nicer than anything else in the region .
Apparel supplier adjustment insist that an increasing level of modern manufacturing increases prices .
I have enclosed a slip with our address , for you to write to .
It 's the one that says a funny noise .
The controller decided to not act at all and did n't understood the issue .
Less than 1,000 applications were received by the school .
They will try a variety of tactics , including reaching , pointing , and making sounds , in order to convince another person to do something for them .
Gardens were not abandoned for decades , people take care of it .
A woman who has never made a contribution to us here at the Salvation Army sent us a nasty email .
The cross-trained workers have a hard time preparing the order .
The idea of a male belly dancer is more exotic than erotic .
Alas , I have never been to such a place .
There were exactly three hijackers on the plane .
A basic product ca n't last long within a product line because customers get bored with it .
Lockean ideas had nothing to do with the footing of American behaviorism .
I am most certain that you would want to be included with the special donor 's group .
$ 4.75 is saved in various services for every $ 1 invested for a disadvantaged child in preschool .
I did n't question the man or his reasons .
Piaget emphasized , a holistic approach to logical thinking .
Fundamentalism is a new phenomenon .
Textile and other mills provided most of the employment in the locality .
So she opened the door and said , `` I love you ! ''
The Pre-College Program offers art classes for students who are interested in arts .
That shed was absolutely dwarfed by the house .
If I did it over again , I would study more to try to better in school .
Permanent and irreversible shrinkage and wrinkles results from cutting a cloth pulled taut excessively .
She never told you the story then , eh ?
The Vanity of Human Wishes has been adapted from another poem .
Kids would get in trouble for fighting on the playground .
Victor Borge is known to be associated with a certain punctuation system .
Bending down , he realized the dog was fine .
The subassembly for sleeves could be on a single side of the center aisle .
We interviewed hundred of suppliers , for our 1992 survey .
Some operators prefer to set aside the tickets first .
Retailers have little involvement in the operation of the channel .
Is it The Poky Little Puppy ?
Pakistani intelligence officers most definitely introduced Bin Ladin to Taliban leaders .
You wo n't be buying gifts this year .
There were no plans to fly anywhere .
Bin Ladin had a high opinion of how the United States handled the conflict in Somalia .
It was not easy studying German at the beginning .
Retailers are not incentivized to attract customers with stock , thereby making high stock levels irrelevant .
The second call was ended .
Fashion designers and models are a small part of apparel design .
The word duquende comes from the Russian word , dook .
Even when prompted by adults who are guiding them , children will never talk about the past .
The chain of command was religiously followed and the FAA did not contact NEADS directly .
The NMCC heard about the hijacking of United 93 at 10:03 when it was reported on CNN .
Structure of the FDA .
A man with serious disabilities , who thought he would never find employment , begins working at Goodwill .
A close-up colored sketch of a fabric pattern helps the designers make adjustments .
The Black Cane Society is not open to donations .
The laws of economics do not apply to governments .
Lead time is required because manufacturers are not able to keep up with the production .
The girls in the program could not have done it without your financial assistance .
Both of the brothers were native English speakers .
In addition to the raffle and soft drinks , we will also have food .
Bashevis Singer was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature .
Do you remember any stories of working with famous artists ?
Safety stock can end up costing a the retailer a lot of money if the demand is low .
It absolutely was not good .
By the time the third plane hit , the President was on his way to an undisclosed location .
Since he had little knowledge of dealing in cattle , he did n't even brand his stock .
I have always loved to read history books .
Over the years the number of people who are college educated has risen .
Older speakers will die off .
Consumers do not require any customized products .
You were there .
The tower was too weak to take the impact of the aircraft .
The military had done its best to source information quickly .
If you help , the Chancellor will be able to act when special opportunities appear .
Woolf wrote about women ancestors , such as Shakespeare 's silent sister .
The ad was brightly colored and had a football player on it .
Younis Khalis was the head of the most important mujahideen faction .
Several governments have tried to go against the laws of economics .
There are beautiful pansies in the field .
I did not enjoy onomatoplazia
It was twenty feet tall .
Spending time making lasting memories with your children is what makes it quality time .
She and Kevin respond to each other 's suggestions .
He said , they call it , The committee of Foresaken Mothers .
Are you still physically able to handle a nursing career ?
After a time , both feelings abated and leaving home did not feel as adventurous .
Contributing members of the winning class will get a bonus .
The purpose of the letter is to ask for support in remembering your classmate .
Commonsense style books are useless , everyone should know .
The British people are much more adept at crosswords .
Transmitting the data to a CAD system would go against the intentions of the scientists for this experiment .
An organization was being invited to be a sponsor .
Legislative appropriations ca n't fund schools as well as they could in the past .
These dialogues happen often because kids and adults spend time together every day .
Alumni and friends of the graduate periodontics program are creating an endowment fund .
In 1995 the Labor Department sponsored the Apparel Industry Partnership which caused many U.S. apparel manufacturers to agree to monitor compliance with labor standards of contractors .
Textile , apparel , and retail enterprises have emerged in America .
Kids who show signs of being unwell are described to have pediculosis .
Rosentraub was appointed as the Associate Dean recently .
An hour after the Command Center executed the request the Cleveland Center reported that flight of United 93 may have a bomb on board .
It was freezing and snowing .
The students ' education is bettered by the availability of such projects .
I really enjoy reading comics about superheroes .
There is much more writer-reader interactions in the column then there is in the books .
They became an instructor at Fort Bragg .
Latin is a very hard language to learn .
Kids can learn everything in the inner-city environment .
The family had gone on the same walk before the child was capable of speech .
Your money is used for all of it .
In order to stay competitive today we must keep learning and discovering and inventing .
People mostly believed that the second plane crash was another accident .
I used to read stories to you a fair bit .
The child being thrown in the pond was so silly .
The concept is entirely original .
There is n't a point in continuing on because it 's a stupid book .
It 's about to be the 35th anniversary .
This year 's campaign at the Annual Meeting on April 27 , 2008 was successful .
It is only a piece of a story without a real ending .
Stimulation is a great source of learning .
Different patterned material can be draped around photos .
That ca n't be it , you do n't think ?!
A detailed map of nearly the entire area is made that locates any remaining defects .
It became harder to control his diabetes once he was home .
We have already read about the world 's first known woman gynecologist , Agnodice .
I asked the students to put themselves in everyday events where they would have to speak English to help them better understand .
Secular nationalist revolutionaries eventually overthrew them in Egypt and Libya .
Human needs have steadily been on the rise over the past 10 years .
They have to encourage kids to develop values .
American 11 was visually seen by the New York Center while the controller was not .
Counting definitions is a terrible start .
I turned the corner from the Maxxa Gallierie and walked into a tennis store .
We had a lot of good times together before she died .
Notice how Alison 's imagination involves abstract concepts .
We have strayed from our mission and no longer help out families in need .
The snake had a head .
Old English words are compounded a lot
The name of the cookie reminds me of a movie about monsters I once watched .
The pilots were on high alert , due to the hijacked aircraft .
We were not humble given these circumstances .
Customers can expect to receive the items they pay for in months rather than days .
My host and I do not get along .
Ancient mythologies and religions are allegory .
Volunteer recruitment will be supported by your donation .
Production can be shifted to multiple alternative methods depending on the situation .
Have any memories of stories about Grandma Mackton that you want to share ?
We never had much trouble in our middle class family , alas --
There were 260 seats to fill in the 1992 entering class .
There are examples of onomatoplazia .
Although one can assume that one can substitute operate for run in `` We run in the marathon every year '' , many people do not
Shakespeare wrote about women 's dominance in human society .
The Past Non-Competitive Landscape
There is no room for artistic contributions in the city .
This organization had only a military branch .
Children can even be programmed through education to fly and walk through walls .
The textile-apparel relationship involved commitments to securing materials at the last minute .
Sweeney said we are flying low too the ground .
Simultaneously pointing and making sounds have been shown to cause the fastest reaction in adults .
I need more time to think .
Ten plus two is twelve in every language
There were those who had experience with single hijackings .
I was obsessed with that song that I played all the time as a teen .
Researchers realize that normal kids show similarities and differences in pathways of change .
Three flights in total received warnings .
You guys are on good terms now ?
Desk dictionaries can be rather expensive .
Alarm bells would not start until efforts had failed .
Outside of the U.S. , this phenomenon is most prominently seen in the other countries involved in WWII .
Parents have the responsibility to convey to the next generation the scientific achievements humans have made .
American 77 was confirmed to have crashed in an unrelated incident .
We need to have less of an input into publicity from buyers .
He liked to engage in typical family activities with him , like soccer and little league .
Business units use either bar codes or EDI .
Bar codes and EDI are synergistic with advanced shipping practice .
The real meaning of the word is separate to its roots , spelling , and sound .
Bin Ladin helped reform a group called Ansar al Islam .
The fund has a market value of $ 750,000 because we invested heavily in a ponzi scheme .
Women are the only ones who say that .
The clean straight line in Figure 6.5 illustrates the inventory pattern for replenishible products .
The celebration will include a promotion for sales lasting for the duration of the celebration .
Kids were so very special , even being included in adult conversations and given multiple opportunities .
You will receive reports from Jerry as frequently as you request .
It 's soon going to be our Christmas party .
The Masters of Planning degree has been around for a very long time .
She responded by abandoning the block , and engaging in another activity .
I 'm forever grateful .
The book describes differences between American English and British English .
The movie mashup editors were surprised how well the lifted L material meshed with their contributions .
Einstein did n't believe that E = MC2 and in leap year MC2 .
I hope you 'll make a contribution to support the work SEND does .
The Muslims have a high number of births .
FAA headquarters refused to communicate with the Command Center at Herndon .
Hani Hanji was assigned to seat 1b most of the year .
What what can this long entry do for us other than make us tired ?
Your understanding has an effect on what we can accomplish .
I do n't have much time so we have to talk about you now or never .
We have had a positive response to the letter because we include drugs in the envelope .
Seaming between 13 and 15 inches per second is the ideal speed .
The consise Oxford dictionary is the best one in all circumstances .
The transponder code on United 175 changed and the controller tried contacting them .
There were seven flight attendants aboard the Boeing 767 .
In order to reach our goal we need full participation from members of the dental association .
The mallard and the muscovy shared the aviary .
The President said nothing about the conversation in question .
Information-integrated channels have also been adopted in Europe more recently .
The average tuition for a one-day C.E. course is over $ 100 , but for an extra $ 50 you get the textbook included .
At the moment higher education institutions are thriving
James Garner 's Rockford dubbed as a Spanish tenor is quite impressive .
The man is a stripper , and a damn good one at that .
My mom took me to the doctors for a physical .
The inventory operations presented in this chapter all take a lot of time to implement .
Valuable funding can be made up of gifts of $ 40.00 .
Social Health Association of Central Indiana wants to promote healthy behaviors through sex ed and life skills training .
There are several cheap methods for retailer information collection , but bar codes are the best .
When he began searching for work , he found himself overqualified .
Mr. Anson was an expert at political interpretations .
General Larry Arnold told his staff to broadcast over a NORAD messaging service at 10:31 that the Vice president had authorized the shooting down of hijacked planes , they did so immediately .
We are the dregs of the community affairs and we know it .
After his untimely death , Bin Ladin was forced to replace his roles in the Shura and in supervising cells in East Africa .
There will be no difference without support and donations .
Mrs. Anne Shelley is in charge of the QES program .
This was done because of how workers in clothing shops were organized according to experience .
Remove and destroy the thing that keeps me pale !
it was not until 9:00 that Boston Center messengers realized that American 11 had been hijacked .
I hate it .
This is why so much violence has been directed away from their native countries .
The shortened production time would be wasted if the distribution is slow .
Fundamentalism periodically surfaces in Islamic countries .
He told us that the order had been sent down from the FAA .
We like to know what the old days are like .
Noisome had something to do with the lights , however .
It did not seem to be so scary .
Wait a second .
What did it look like to you ?
The complex customization of the garment requires every worker 's attention .
Cobuild and CED are polar opposites , no matter which way you look at it .
The flight responded .
Here we are going to show how a decision tool can be useful in making the transition from intuition to specific decision .
America 's air defense had already begun before the call was made .
German immigrants are easy to afford and control .
Johnson made no adaptations to poems by Juvenal .
No one called from the airplane at all .
Americans wonder why they hate them .
It is likely that most of them are from other places
We did n't have a BB gun .
The IUPUI university is the only public university in town .
Feminists like to twist words and language to their needs
The people are all dead .
No one should be encouraged to consider being a dental assistant .
The fighters were on guard to destroy any airplane .
This person learned about publishing .
Who did you tell those stories to ?
My sister does not have a child .
It was because of his time spent making up for past actions that Saddam Hussein did not come in contact with Bin Laden .
He made a rude gesture at me with one of his fingers .
The book is extremely thorough and well written .
The answer is yes .
Bodenheim 's novel might be of interest to students of French Cuisine because of its use of recipes .
Weekly demand is divided by the twenty four week average .
I had freedom when I was home , and there was no curfew , yahoo!
Therefore , statements referring to giving me a shot were comprehended .
IUPUI is in the city of Chicago .
I have sent you 50 letters before this follow-up letter because you refuse to answer any other letters .
The gallery at the Herron school displays contemporary art .
I suppose I 'm the hope , or something .
Our website is down please come back tomorrow to make a donation .
Can you see ?
To the Western ear , the least predictable of language traits are perhaps the most well-advertised use of r.
The recorder did n't capture any of the sounds .
You feel good about this , do n't you ?
Bloomer is another word for flower , butter is for ram and flower for river .
