The new rights are nice enough
This site includes a list of all award winners and a searchable database of Government Executive articles .
uh i do n't know i i have mixed emotions about him uh sometimes i like him but at the same times i love to see somebody beat him
yeah i i think my favorite restaurant is always been the one closest you know the closest as long as it 's it meets the minimum criteria you know of good food
i do n't know um do you do a lot of camping
well that would be a help i wish they would do that here we have got so little landfill space left that we 're going to run out before the end of this decade and it 's really going to be
yeah i know and i did that all through college and it worked too
Calcutta seems to be the only other production center having any pretensions to artistic creativity at all , but ironically you 're actually more likely to see the works of Satyajit Ray or Mrinal Sen shown in Europe or North America than in India itself .
If that investor were willing to pay extra for the security of limited downside , she could buy put options with a strike price of $ 98 , which would lock in her profit on the shares at $ 18 , less whatever the options cost .
3 -RRB- Dare you rise to the occasion , like Raskolnikov , and reject the petty rules that govern lesser men ?
The most important directions are simply up and up leads eventually to the cathedral and fortress commanding the hilltop , and down inevitably leads to one of three gates through the wall to the new town .
The bhakti movement of the Tamils brought a new warmth to the hitherto rigid Brahmanic ritual of Hinduism .
see now in a situation like that the boys are only sixteen years old and they were sexually involved with her and i think like at that particular point she was twenty three you know so she was n't really that much older than them and being a boy at that age i think that they 're very um you know let 's face it that 's at a point in your life when you you 're just starting to realize all the things of life
You and your friends are not welcome here , said Severn .
um-hum um-hum yeah well uh i can see you know it 's it 's it 's it 's kind of funny because we it seems like we loan money you know we money with strings attached and if the government changes and the country that we loan the money to um i can see why the might have a different attitude towards paying it back it 's a lot us that you know we do n't really loan money to to countries we loan money to governments and it 's the
i 'm not sure what the overnight low was
so i have to find a way to supplement that
the hologram makes up all these things and uh i mean sometimes sometimes it 's funny sometimes it 's not but uh you know it 's something to pass the time until we do and then and then we watch football
5 The share of gross national saving used to replace depreciated capital has increased over the past 40 years .
So far , however , the number of mail pieces lost to alternative bill-paying methods is too small to have any material impact on First-Class volume .
you want to punch the button and go
Buffet and a la carte available .
Blue says Blumenthal claimed Clinton had told him that Lewinsky had made unwanted sexual advances .
We also have found that leading organizations strive to ensure that their core processes efficiently and effectively support mission-related outcomes .
oh uh-huh well no they would n't would they no
Sorry but that 's how it is .
Not quite as large is the Papal Crose commemorating Pope John Paul II 's visit in 1979 , when more than one million people gathered to celebrate mass .
The tourist industry continued to expand , and though it became one of the top two income earners in Spain , a realization that unrestricted mass tourism was leading to damaging long-term consequences also began to grow .
She seemed so different ''
i 'm not opposed to it but when its when the time is right it will probably just kind of happen you know
The census of 1931 served as an alarm signal for the Malay national consciousness .
Mortifyingly enough , it is all the difficulty , the laziness , the pathetic formlessness in youth , the round peg in the square hole , the whatever do you want ?
Conversely , an increase in government saving adds to the supply of resources available for investment and may put downward pressure on interest rates .
Britain 's best-selling tabloid , the Sun , announced as a front-page world exclusive Friday that Texan model Jerry Hall has started divorce proceedings against aging rock star Mick Jagger at the High Court in London .
He was of two minds , one reveled in the peace of this village .
The vineyards hug the gentle slopes between the Vosges and the Rhine Valley along a single narrow 120-km -LRB- 75-mile -RRB- strip that stretches from Marlenheim , just west of Strasbourg , down to Thann , outside Mulhouse .
We did not study the reasons for these deviations specifically , but they likely result from the context in which federal CIOs operate .
Rouen is the ancient center of Normandy 's thriving textile industry , and the place of Joan of Arc 's martyrdom ' a national symbol of resistance to tyranny .
Table 2 : Examples of BLM 's , FHWA 's , IRS 's , and VBA 's Customer Satisfaction Expectations for Senior Executive Performance
In Hong Kong you can have a plate , or even a whole dinner service , hand-painted to your own design .
There are a number of expensive jewelry and other duty-free shops , all with goods priced in US dollars -LRB- duty-free goods must always be paid for in foreign currency -RRB- .
What 's truly striking , though , is that Jobs has never really let this idea go .
While it 's probably true that democracies are unlikely to go to war unless they 're attacked , sometimes they are the first to take the offensive .
But to you , who know the truth , I propose to read certain passages which will throw some light on the extraordinary mentality of this great man . '' He opened the book , and turned the thin pages .
yeah i mean just when uh the they military paid for her education
but uh these guys were actually on the road uh two thousand miles from from home when they had to file their uh their final exams and send them in
But you have to have money to save it , and not many couples with young children have the luxury of tucking away $ 2,000 apiece annually for their Golden Years .
and uh as a matter of fact he 's a draft dodger
` Publicity . ' Lincoln removed his great hat , making a small show of dusting it off .
In the stock market , however , the damage can get much worse .
Missouri was asked to continue its planning efforts and file a supplemental planning report with LSC on or before October 1 , 1999 .
He had n't seen even pictures of such things since the few silent movies run in some of the little art theaters .
Look , there 's a legend here .
The Celts arrived in the wake of the Roman withdrawal at the end of the fourth century .
yeah and how about how about like on the weekends do you do sports or do you go out
Harlem was our first permanent office , he said .
But when the cushion is spent in a year or two , or when the next recession arrives , the disintermediating voters will find themselves playing the roles of budget analysts and tax wonks .
Oh , what a fool I feel !
She has exchanged a hollow life for a heightened life , and has tried to comprehend all its turns , get its possibilities .
well the first thing for me is i wonder i see a couple of different ways of talking about what privacy is um if privacy is something that disturbs your private state i mean an invasion of privacy is something that disturbs your private state that 's one thing and if privacy is something that comes into your private state and extracts information from it in other words finds something out about you that 's another and the first kind of invasion of the first type of privacy seems invaded to me in very much everyday in this country but in the second type at least overtly uh where someone comes in and uh finds out information about you that should be private uh does not seem uh um obviously everyday
He had never felt better .
The campaigns seem to reach a new pool of contributors .
The Data Warehousing Institute provides education and training in the data warehousing and business intelligence industry .
the net cost of operations .
Credibility is a vital factor , and Jim Lehrer does , indeed , have it .
Tuppence rose .
From the corner of his eye he saw Jamus look over the broken mare .
Even if you 're the kind of traveler who likes to improvise and be adventurous , do n't turn your nose up at the tourist offices .
Similarly , OIM revised the electronic Grant Renewal Application to accommodate new information sought by LSC and to ensure greater ease for users .
` Dave Hanson , to whom nothing was impossible . ' Well , we have a nearly impossible task : a task of engineering and building .
Still , it would be interesting to know . 109 Poirot looked at me very earnestly , and again shook his head .
But I 'll take up my stand somewhere near , and when he comes out of the building I 'll drop a handkerchief or something , and off you go ! ''
There are no shares of a stock that might someday come back , just piles of options as worthless as those shares of Cook 's American Business Alliance .
One thing was worrying me dreadfully , but my heart gave a great throb of relief when I saw my ulster lying carelessly over the back of a chair .
Do you think Mrs. Inglethorp made a will leaving all her money to Miss Howard ? I asked in a low voice , with some curiosity .
Is n't a woman 's body her most personal property ?
that your approach is is is right you can actually go out and sub it if even if you do n't wan na get hands on you can even just sub it out the concrete and those kind of things and and that 's kind of the plan i have so um uh everyone i talk to uh i ` ve
What changed ?
oh i do n't know either the other growing up all i knew was
WHOLE LIFE POLICIES - Policies that provide insurance over the insured 's entire life and the proceeds -LRB- face amount -RRB- are paid only upon death of the insured .
Justice Kennedy does not care what law librarians across the country do with all the Supreme Court Reporters from 1790 through 1998 .
The entire city was surrounded by open countryside with a scattering of small villages .
substitute my my yeah my kid 'll do uh four or five hours this week for me no problem
it 's actually there well Iraq has had uh designs on that place since nineteen twenty two so you know it was n't like something that just suddenly popped up
The final rule contains a Federalism Assessment under Executive Order
Prototyping , for example , may act as part of the requirements definition process , helping the agency identify and control areas of high uncertainty and technical risk .
The regime 's response of ferocious repression plus numerous other ineptitudes led to a third revolution in 1848 , with the Bonapartists , led by Napoleon 's nephew , emerging triumphant .
Boats in daily use lie within feet of the fashionable bars and restaurants .
so i guess my experience is is just with what we did and and so they did n't really go through the child care route they were able to be home together
DOD 's common practice for managing this environment has been to create aggressive risk reduction efforts in its programs .
Then he ran .
you sound like this girl that i talked to about books and we got into movies one night
if the United States had used full conventional power .
yeah really no kidding
Visit at sundown or out of season to get the full flavor of the setting .
In a further role reversal , Gingrich may have positioned himself to fill it .
All of the islands are now officially and proudly part of France , not colonies as they were for some three centuries .
-LRB- For more information on BLM 's senior executive performance plans , see app .
While parents may pick up this gay semaphore , kids are n't likely to .
Taking an ecumenical tack , nation officials in Chicago recently issued edicts commanding preachers to back off their anti-Semitic rhetoric .
Saddam could emerge strengthened -LRB- and America tarnished -RRB- in the eyes of the Arab world .
To savour the full effect of the architect 's skill , enter the courtyard through the gate which opens onto the Hippodrome .
There is nothing more to be done here , I think , unless , he stared earnestly and long at the dead ashes in the grate .
In Texas , the legislature was instrumental in effecting changes to the state 's benefit programs through provisions in several pieces of legislation .
Perhaps all we can say of great acting is that it involves assimilation rather than accumulation , that the performer is n't so much a surrogate as a vessel .
In the summer , the Sultan 's Pool , a vast outdoor amphitheatre , stages rock concerts or other big-name events .
Around 1500 b.c. , a massive volcanic eruption at Santorini destroyed not only Akrotiri under feet of ash and pumice but the whole Minoan civilization .
The great thing is to keep calm . '' Julius groaned .
June 21 , 1995 , provides the specific requirements for assessing and reporting on controls .
This is especially true on Menorca , where cold winter winds limit the season 's length .
Over most of the 1980s and 1990s , the U.S. was able to invest more than it saved by attracting financing from abroad .
They consolidated programs to increase efficiency and deploy resources more effectively
The sacred is not mysterious to her .
If you land by boat , Caravelle beach is yours for the using ; otherwise you 'll have to pay a nominal charge to the vacation club that owns the acreage .
It profiles a new kind of office superstore-cum-hotel that sells generic office space to lonely telecommuters .
Behind the cathedral , croseover the Rue de la R ?? publique to the 15th-century Eglise Saint-Maclou , the richest example of Flam?boy?ant Gothic in the country .
Julius before the safe in the flat , her own question and the pause before his reply , `` Nothing . '' Was there really nothing ?
GAO recommends that the Secretary of Defense revise policy and guidance
The Kal tangled both of Adrin 's arms , keeping the blades far away .
The primary screen must be integrated into the standard intake procedure of the emergency setting and must be the responsibility of the staff to administer to all patients .
I have been visiting an old woman in the village , she explained , `` and as Lawrence told me you were with Monsieur Poirot I thought I would call for you . ''
As a basic guide , the symbols below have been used to indicate high-season rates in Hong Kong dollars , based on double occupancy , with bath or shower .
Slate 's Joseph Nocera .
This town , which flourished between 6500 and 5500 b.c. , had flat-roofed houses of mud and timber decorated with wall-paintings , some of which show patterns that still appear on Anatolian kilims .
Candidates must submit a set of fingerprints for review by the FBI .
In 1998 , Cesar Chavez fasted for 36 days in California to underscore the dangers of pesticides to farm workers and their children .
The red moon made her skin glow .
Strategic parents might spend a large portion of their tax cuts , causing interest rates to rise .
However , in the off-field -LRB- sentimental -RRB- tournament , the Falcons and Jets have more appealing story lines .
right after the war
i 'm kind of familiar with the weather out that way in west Texas but not in not in Lewisville
In the moment of victory , Tuppence betrayed a somewhat unsportsmanlike triumph .
The central features of the Results Act-strategic planning , performance measurement , and public reporting and accountability-can serve as powerful tools to help change the basic culture of government .
The most important directions are simply up and up leads eventually to the cathedral and fortress commanding the hilltop , and down inevitably leads to one of three gates through the wall to the new town .
They made little effort , despite the Jesuit presence in Asia , to convert local inhabitants to Christianity or to expand their territory into the interior .
Dirt mounds surrounded the pit so that the spectators stood five or six people deep around the edge of the pit .
i think it 's real good anyway it 's it 's been it was nice meeting you
um-hum right do where are you at what state
Small towns like Louisian lay scattered all over the Oil Fields ; the main train line branched between them .
There 's only one thing for me to do . ''
The liberation of these old European colonies created the basis for postwar independence movements proclaiming the Japanese slogan Asia for the Asians .
The inquiry expanded very quickly , however , from asking what technology failed to an examination of contextual influences , such as
Your man would n't have remained conscious after the first blow .
But those that are manufactured for sale in in Europe and so forth are quite the other way around
Fixing current levels of damage would be impossible .
Since his death it has been transformed into the Bob Marley Museum and carefully managed by the Marley family to protect the memory of his life .
Sometimes it flattens entire neighbourhoods to make life easier for them .
To make matters worse , many employers looking to save money -LRB- and please their employees -RRB- will drop dependent benefits if states provide better coverage than the private plans now do .
Then I considered .
probably so yeah you can get a head start on it
The conversation he had overheard had stimulated his curiosity .
You will find two principal fino and olorose
The sooner we strike the better . '' He turned to Tuppence .
yeah that 's where i got to too the first i got chills up and down when i heard the on the radio and the first time they started doing the bombing
This having come to his stepmother 's ears , she taxed him with it on the afternoon before her death , and a quarrel ensued , part of which was overheard .
Next , you enter the vast and splendid Imperial Hall , with three handsome marble fountains , and a canopied throne from which the sultan would enjoy the music and dancing of his concubines .
The tomb guardian will unlock the gate to the tunnel and give you a candle to explore the small circular catacomb , but for what little you can see , it is hardly worth the effort .
at least i 'm going to give it a try cause you can see i mean the oil filters i mean you can touch it it 's right there
Tracking down the tiger is a subtle affair , and requires a degree of dedication , calm , and stealth .
Down the street from the statue is the Bank of Ireland , built in 1729 to house the Irish parliament .
Adrin nodded .
The WP runs a piece inside reporting that during a church service last Sunday , Cardinal John O'Connor of New York criticized President Clinton from the pulpit for taking Catholic communion while in South Africa .
yeah but uh do you have small kids
For big Raj-buffs , the supreme example of Indo-Gothic style is the Victoria Terminus , affectionately abbreviated to VT nowadays , once the railway station that launched adventures inland , now handling mostly suburban traffic .
Cop Bud White -LRB- Crowe -RRB- and Ed Exley -LRB- Pearce -RRB- almost mix it up -LRB- 59 seconds -RRB- :
The only drawback is , of course , the large crowds in summer .
The word itself , tapa , is translated as lid and derives from the old custom of offering a bite of food along with a drink , the food being served on a saucer sitting on top of the glass like a lid .
yeah yeah and i took a five year note out on my car when i right when i got out of college and uh i 'll never do that again i still got a couple of years on it to go and i 'm
To places where surface transportation is not available , senders would be required to pay air rates , and possibly air rates keyed to the characteristics of the Alaskan air system .
were sort of a double sign with a a big miles per hour and a little kilometers per hour type uh marking on the side
The Tunnel of Eupalinos can be explored but it 's not for the claustrophobic .
Another alternative is that our heroes were pursuing the noble goal of academics everywhere -- tenure .
He pulled his cloak tighter and wished for a moment that he had not shaved his head .
and uh you know once you start up at the top and try to get those dollars on down to the hands that need them you know there 's a lot of places the money stops and disappears along the way
As discussed in section 1 , personal saving is the amount of aggregate disposable personal income left over after personal spending on goods and services .
By then , the program had added Carroll and Grayson counties and the city of Galax and had five attorneys .
approaches for setting different requirements for sources that pose different levels of hazard -LRB- tiering -RRB- ; worst-case releases and other hazard assessment issues ; accident information reporting ; public participation ; inherently safer approaches ; and implementation and integration of section 112 -LRB- r -RRB- with state programs , particularly state air permitting programs .
Clearly , GAO needs assistance to meet its looming human capital challenges .
Well ? cried Tommy eagerly .
Even the lower limit of that differential compounds to a hefty sum over time .
He had forgotten about Adrin .
The best beach in Europe ' at least that 's the verdict of its regulars .
Reportedly the biggest payment made in such a case , it is hardly a nick in Texaco 's annual revenue of more than $ 30 billion .
The flame or whatever it was had enough heat , but it was hard to control .
um pardon me
However , the WRAP States may unanimously petition the Administrator to determine that the total emissions of affected EGUs are reasonably projected to exceed 271,000 tons in 2018 or a later year and to make affected EGUs subject to the requirements of the new WRAP trading program .
We hate them because they are smarter , or more studious , or more focused than we are .
These alone could have valuable uses .
Near Jerusalem
Tell me , how did those scribbled words on the envelope help you to discover that a will was made yesterday afternoon ? '' Poirot smiled .
Escaped or abandoned raccoons have been breeding in the wild for the past 20 years and have damaged corn crops , watermelon and melon farms , and rainbow trout hatcheries , the paper said .
32 Under the RSA proposal , a worker between the ages of 25 and 60 with family earnings of at least $ 5,000 could contribute up to $ 1,000 annually through either an employer-sponsored saving plan or a tax-deferred individual account .
senior management oversight and approval ofRequired acquisition objectives and plans .
yeah well the uh NC double A tournament 's going on right now and uh i have n't watched it this year because Louisville 's out of it this year
of course you could annex Cuba but they would n't like that a bit
I have been visiting an old woman in the village , she explained , `` and as Lawrence told me you were with Monsieur Poirot I thought I would call for you . ''
-LRB- sums up the millennium coverage from around the globe , and examines whether the Y2K preparations were a waste . -RRB-
They are levied through the power of the Government to compel payment , and the person or entity that pays these fees does not receive anything of value from the Government in exchange .
Moreover , Las Vegas has recently started to show signs of maturity in its cultural status as well .
so Eric what do you think um
Sir James 's presence in Manchester was not accidental .
Such multicolored reef dwellers as the parrotfish and French angelfish , along with weirdly shaped coral , crawfish , or turtles hiding in crevices , can be yours for the viewing in these clear waters where visibility of 30 m -LRB- 100 ft -RRB- is common .
Benchmarked by U.S.
This includes all testing , information review , and interviews related to data reliability .
External Validity The extent to which a finding applies -LRB- or can be generalized -RRB- to persons , objects , settings , or times other than those that were the subject of study .
No , indeed , said Cynthia .
Does anyone know what happened to chaos ?
In the other bracket , the Broncos beat the New York Jets .
We were playing all sorts of sports , and you were not , so shut up and stop twitching , ' the microbe 's tone of voice changed , it was lower and more resounding .
To help identify solutions to this problem , Senators Fred Thompson and John Glenn , Chairman and Ranking Minority Member , respectively , of the Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs , requested that we study organizations with superior security programs to identify management practices that could benefit federal agencies .
well i think i got to agree with you there
Generally , data collection and analysis are concurrent and interactive-that is , yoked in case study methods .
Also , lack of winter freezes means that mites normally killed off by the cold will survive .
Chatterbox queried Trudeau about the Dallas Morning News quote .
yeah well Rochester 's like right on the shores is n't it
The Balanced Scorecard Institute is a web clearinghouse for managers to exchange information , ideas , and lessons learned in building strategic management systems using the balanced scorecard approach .
There are no shares of a stock that might someday come back , just piles of options as worthless as those shares of Cook 's American Business Alliance .
It was replaced in 1910 by the famous old pontoon bridge with its seafood restaurants , which served until the present bridge was opened in 1992 .
Say , man , do n't you know you 've been given up for dead ?
Even us if you needed , '' said Jon .
News berates computer users for picking obvious , easily cracked passwords and chastises system administrators for ignoring basic security precautions .
In its submission , HCFA did not identify any other statute or executive order imposing procedural requirements relevant to the rule .
No one was there , no bones at all .
The bhakti movement of the Tamils brought a new warmth to the hitherto rigid Brahmanic ritual of Hinduism .
Enter the realm of shopping malls , where everything you 're looking for is available without moving your car .
well that 's uh i agree with you there i mean he did n't have the surrounding cast that Montana had there 's no doubt about that
As with other types of internal controls , this is a cycle of activity , not an exercise with a defined beginning and end .
There are many such at the present time .
With their fluent Vietnamese and Mandarin , they help Tran understand her family 's eligibility for Medi-Cal and food stamps , assist the 70-year-old woman in finding a place to live and advise abused women how they can stay in the country while staying away from their husbands .
As Ben Yagoda writes in the New York Times Book Review , somewhere along the way , Kidder must have decided not to write a book about Tommy O'Connor .
It was planned in the 1820s as a symbol of Scottish national pride and designed as a mini-Parthenon , in deference to the neoclassical style popular at the time .
She was 96 just turning away when she heard a piercing whistle , and the faithful Albert came running from the building to join her .
Scotland became little more than an English county .
3 Accordingly , auditors performing financial audits need to be proficient in applying the AICPA standards and guidance contained in the SASs .
Scotland became little more than an English county .
Consider the Globe : As the respectable media have become sleazy , the Globe has become sleazier .
He works himself into a fake froth ; does some calculated , halfhearted gonzo writing ; then collects a fat check .
the the Iranian borders are still open uh from what i understand understand um
Just as in ancient times , without the River Nile , Egypt could not exist .
A re-created street of colonial Macau is lined with traditional Chinese shops .
Something may be better than nothing . If trials compared low-cost therapy to the complete AZT regimen it 's likely that the new regimens will prove less effective .
it would probably be a lot more work and probably not turn out as good
In this moment of American triumphalism , it 's hard to resist the temptation to rewrite recent history as the narrative of America 's self-reliant , inevitable rise , and to see the future as the story of America 's continued ascent into the higher reaches of the New Economy .
Territorial rights , in the form of a deck chair , can be assured for a nominal sum .
During the half-century of its existence , Israel has absorbed approximately 2.5 million Jewish immigrants , displaced persons , refugees , and survivors of the Nazi Holocaust .
Number of testimonies
Emissions will be cut from current emissions of 48 tons to a cap of 26 tons in 2010 , and
A new guideline , for example , may tell us to send heart surgery patients home earlier .
Also , under credit reform , the credit subsidy cost is recorded as an outlay when a direct or guaranteed loan is disbursed .
Wagonheim said the program not only will benefit the needy , but also will help improve the public image of lawyers .
OMB has approved the information collection contained on the Form ADV and has
The author began with a set of hunches or hypotheses about what can go wrong in agency management , and what would be evidence supporting-or contradicting-these hypotheses .
Finally , the FDA will conduct workshops , issue guidance manuals and videotapes , and hold teleconferences to aid small entities in complying with the rule .
The analysis concluded that , because the rule relaxed the hog cholera-related restrictions imposed on the importation of live swine and prepared pork products from Sonora , Mexico , the proposed rule could have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities in the United States .
Cave 31 tries to emulate the style of the great Hindu temple on a much smaller scale , but the artists here were working on much harder rock and so abandoned their effort .
There is very little to see here , or at the ruined Essene monastery of Qumran itself .
Many who fled have returned .
uh-huh well maybe well i 've enjoyed talking to you okay bye-bye
Although a mile long , its name is misleading because it is not one street but several different streets .
yeah then you do n't have you do n't have that mess to clean up when you use an oil oil base painting and boy i 'll tell you oh
And who should decide ?
I put it to you that , wearing a suit of Mr. Inglethorp 's clothes , with a black beard trimmed to resemble his , you were there '' and signed the register in his name !
I thought working on Liddy 's campaign would be better than working on Bob 's .
Then he is very sure .
Even today , Yanomamo men raid villages , kill men , and abduct women for procreative purposes .
Tom is the winner of a year 's supply of Turtle Wax , and he will receive his prize just as soon as the Shopping Avenger figures out how much Turtle Wax actually constitutes a year 's supply .
I feel that you probably underestimate the danger , and therefore warn you again that I can promise you no protection .
in you know just dealing with the customer maybe that 's there only reason why they do n't it 'd seem like they 'd just put a little barrel out there and say it pour here and go on we 'll take your money
Others love to see it in the middle of the heaviest monsoon , its marble translucent , its image blurred in the rain-stippled water channels of its gardens .
A good time to visit is just at the end of the monsoon in October when you can see flocks of storks , egrets , and cormorants and it is ideally combined with a full-moon trip to the Taj , but there 's plenty to see all year round .
The island has a long history ; its marble deposits were coveted around the ancient world .
That is well .
Yet , in the mouths of the white townsfolk of Salisbury , N.C. , it sounds convincing .
Divers can explore the deeps but you can also snorkel here , or take a glass-bottom boat or submarine tour to get a glimpse of this watery world .
2 . Receiving Water Samples
The man shifted slightly and cut the spear out of the air .
Why blame her because she had been true to her creed ?
Oh , my friend , have I not said to you all along that I have no proofs .
Companies that were foreign had to accept Indian financial participation and management .
When the next modernist revolution comes around , he 'll be ready .
' I do n't suppose you could forget I ever said that ? '
Do you know what this is ? '' With a dramatic gesture she flung back the left side of her coat and exposed a small enamelled badge .
And really it 's a great relief to think he 's going , Hastings , continued my honest friend .
` Not entirely , ' I snapped , harsher than intended .
It features over 50 outlets for discounted designer fashions , from Armani to DKNY .
This is a powerful and evocative museum .
sometimes well there 's definitely a lot more hitting
Like the Japanese , Chinese , and Portuguese before them , many of the new peoples would stay on in Hawaii , adding to the ethnic and racial mix that has become a hallmark of the islands .
It was other-worldly .
Voluntariness of risks is evaluated .
Most pundits side with bushy-headed George Stephanopoulos -LRB- This Week -RRB- , arguing that only air strikes would be politically palatable .
Thus , the net scale benefit is initially positive , whether or not we adjust for the wage premium .
The stuff was strong , but somewhat brittle .
The best beach in Europe ' at least that 's the verdict of its regulars .
Do n't remember .
Well , we will come in and interview the brave Dorcas . '' Dorcas was standing in the boudoir , her hands folded in front of her , and her grey hair rose in stiff waves under her white cap .
probably you probably got everybody on you because they were probably all going to law school
uh-huh how about any matching programs
2 -RRB- This particular instance of it stinks .
oh for heaven sakes for the drugs yeah uh-huh
The activities included in the Unified Agenda are , in general , those expected to have a regulatory action within the next 12 months , although agencies may include activities with an even longer time frame .
yeah because being a student i 'm doing it for the money
well i think of uh you mean as far as retirement
If you have any questions about this report , please contact Henry R. Wray , Senior Associate General Counsel , at -LRB-202-RRB- 512-8581 .
Your speeches are inflammatory .
Given the limits on the WTO 's jurisdiction , it was probably unreasonable of Kodak to expect a real victory .
Homes or businesses not located on one of these roads must place a mail receptacle along the route traveled .
In an atmosphere of economic crisis stagnant productivity , bank closures , and rising unemployment conservatives wanted somebody tougher , more dynamic than eternally compromising old-style politicians .
Back to the subject of celebrity interviews , British magazines have published a huge number with actress Kate Winslet , the star of Titanic , to promote a new British film she has made .
aChange in personal saving depends on how much of the $ 4,000 IRA contribution represents new saving .
Although all four categories of emissions are down substantially , they only achieve 50-75 % of the proposed cap by 2007 -LRB- shown as the dotted horizontal line in each of the above figures -RRB- .
hi Mary have you gone visiting uh any new restaurants lately
Black professionals braid their hair to display their ethnic pride .
As of last week he charges $ 50 an hour minimum instead of $ 25 for the services of his yearling Northern Utah Legal Aid Foundation .
7 -RRB- Nonautomated First-Class and Standard-A mailers have the option of requesting that their mail be processed manually , even though the costs for such processing are substantially higher than mechanized processing .
The formal splendor of the grounds testify to the 18th-century desire to tame nature , but it is done with such superlative results that one can only be thankful that the work was undertaken .
um-hum yeah right uh is yours a is it a a slab foundation or pier and beam
Although all four categories of emissions are down substantially , they only achieve 50-75 % of the proposed cap by 2007 -LRB- shown as the dotted horizontal line in each of the above figures -RRB- .
i do n't know i i do i can think of all the uh the biblical things about it too where what did they say to uh i ca n't think of the scripture Render unto Caesar 's what is Caesar 's so
Cultural festivals are one opportunity , but the better way is at a private wedding or feast day when the performances are set in their true context .
Others love to see it in the middle of the heaviest monsoon , its marble translucent , its image blurred in the rain-stippled water channels of its gardens .
Previously , at the request of the Republican Ranking Minority Member of the House Committee on Government Operations , GAO reviewed activities of President Clintonas Task Force on Health Care Reform and was provided with an extensive listing of working group participants drawn from the government and from outside organizations .
This testing of the marketplace may range from written or telephone contacts with knowledgeable federal and non-federal experts regarding similar or duplicate requirements and the results of any market test recently undertaken , to the more formal sources-sought announcements in pertinent publications -LRB- e.g.
Maybe I am too .
On Fox News Sunday , host Tony Snow touted a poll showing that 60 percent of Americans think the allegations represent a pattern of behavior .
Crosethe Rue de Rivoli to the Palais-Royal , built for Car?di?nal Richelieu as his Paris residence in 1639 , and originally named Palais-Cardinal .
There was food for all , and houses had been conjured hastily to shelter the people .
After the second course I began to feel slightly at ease , although I could n't help being disturbed by the way they just stared at me .
In fact , it 's wise to drive as little as possible inside Paris ; the p ?? riph ?? rique ringroad runs around the city and it 's worth staying on it until you 're as close as possible to your destination .
Try a selection at the Whisky Heritage Centre -LRB- they have over 100 for you to sample -RRB- , where you can then buy a bottle or two of your personal favorite in the shop or in stores around the city .
They made little effort , despite the Jesuit presence in Asia , to convert local inhabitants to Christianity or to expand their territory into the interior .
And , could it not result in a decline in Postal Service volumes across -- the -- board ?
Or anything else you wanted and could n't keep against magic .
Chapter 1 : His real name was Leonard Franklin Slye .
To the south , the former fishing villages of Sorrento and Positano spill down the craggy cliffs of the serpentine Amalfi coast , justifiably tauted as one of the world 's most beautiful drives .
and so i have really enjoyed that but but there are i do have friends that watch programs like they want to see a particular program and they are either home watching it or definitely recording it they have some programs that they wo n't miss
If the company makes money on the policy , other insurers are expected to follow .
But the most sustained assault on Orientalism 's premises , and on its prestige , came from the left .
The tomb of Job Charnock , the Company official who founded the city of Caletta , is in the church cemetery .
Because GAO 's primary function is to support the Congress in carrying out its decision-making and oversight responsibilities , the number of times our experts testify before congressional panels each year is an indicator of our responsiveness and reflects the impact , importance , and value of our work .
Another White House murder mystery and a chance to bash the genre .
Children , especially boys , are seen as a blessing and are treated with indulgence , fussed over by mothers and grandmothers .
The two programs are currently housed in buildings about a block apart .
The results of the sheepshead minnow , Cyprinodon variegatus , inland silverside , Menidia beryllina , or mysid , Mysidopsis bahia , tests are acceptable if survival in the controls is 80 percent or greater .
Now suppose there is a private delivery firm in Cleveland that is competing with the postal service .
We need to look at the implications that these differing roles have for a range of issues , such as SES core competencies , performance standards , recruitment sources , mobility , and training and development programs .
Catch up on the Indian avant-garde and the bohemian people of Caletta at the Academy of Fine Arts on the southeast corner of the Maidan .
yeah well that 's not really immigration
no no not at all it
My unborn children will never appear on the Today show .
An organization 's activities , core processes , and resources must be aligned to support its mission and help it achieve its goals .
need the car the next day type deal so
In fact , the sloping shoulder was the noticeable feature of the new clothes of the Dior era , coming as it did immediately in the wake of the Joan Crawford/Rosalind Russell period and its vigorous shoulder padding .
It was still night .
It 's an interesting account of the violent history of modern Israel , and ends in the Scafeld Room where nine Jews were executed .
i do n't understand that i thought that he was always a good player
but West Texas now was a hundred and ten and i did n't mind that at all you know because it was so dry
well Dana it 's been really interesting and i appreciate talking with you
Indeed , 58 percent of Columbia/HCA 's beds lie empty , compared with 35 percent of nonprofit beds .
The library is the largest of any plantation in Jamaica , with over 300 volumes , including three first editions ; the books would have been used to while away the long humid days .
The long-sought , the mysterious , the elusive Jane Finn !
in Asia yeah i spent
It 's easy to overdose on the many temples , palaces , and museums in India .
uh i really i miss college i had a good time
Although all four categories of emissions are down substantially , they only achieve 50-75 % of the proposed cap by 2007 -LRB- shown as the dotted horizontal line in each of the above figures -RRB- .
After the purge of foreigners , only a few stayed on , strictly confined to Dejima Island in Nagasaki Bay .
` No one in Large would ever try to harm us .
True to his word to his faithful mare , Ca ` daan left Whitebelly in Fena Dim and borrowed Gray Cloud from his uncle .
The track continues past the necropolis to an impressive amphitheatre , very probably carved by Nabateans , but influenced by the Romans .
The central features of the Results Act-strategic planning , performance measurement , and public reporting and accountability-can serve as powerful tools to help change the basic culture of government .
And two - the personal pronoun problems were going to get serious .
The church of Panagia Theoskepastos houses a fine 14th-century icon , and the Catholic Cathedral has a tenth-century Madonna and Child .
To assist programs with implementing these web sites , the Northwest Justice Project and ProBonoNet in New York are hiring two full-time circuit riders to assist grantees with content management and to ensure that each web site supports the entire state justice community .
Today it is possible to buy cheap papyrus printed with gaudy Egyptian scenes in almost every souvenir shop in the country , but some of the most authentic are sold at The Pharaonic Village in Cairo where the papyrus is grown , processed , and hand-painted on site .
um i 've visited the Wyoming area i 'm not sure exactly where Dances with Wolves was filmed
In reviewing this history , it 's important to make some crucial distinctions .
Lie back , and DO N'T THINK .
Jon drew it out and stabbed again in the man 's throat .
Or to judge by the Failing to nurse at night can lead to painful engorgement or even breast infection .
The rule prohibits the sale of nicotine-containing cigarettes and smokeless tobacco to individuals under the age of 18 ; requires manufacturers , distributors , and retailers to comply with various conditions regarding the sale and distribution of these products ; requires retailers to verify a purchaser 's age by photographic identification ; prohibits all free samples ; limits the distribution of these products through vending machines and self-service displays by permitting such methods of sale only in facilities where access by individuals under 18 is prohibited ; limits the advertising and labeling to which children and adolescents are exposed ; prohibits promotional , non-tobacco items such as hats and tee shirts ; prohibits sponsorship of
Now it 's my turn , and even if I 'm walking in a dead man 's shoes , I can make my way afresh .
Founded in 1979 , AFFIRM 's members include information resource management professionals within the federal , academic , and industry sectors .
we would n't be expected to cast a ballet on the subject
As recent events illustrate , trust takes years to gain but can be lost in an instant .
In 1982 , Wallace won his last race for governor with a quarter of the black votes cast in the Democratic primary , a fact alluded to in a written epilogue at the end of the film .
But when he was persuaded by divers means to help us , he gave up after one week , declaring it beyond his powers .
She gave the girl clothes and gifts and took her to her Connecticut estate for weekend pony rides , according to the Star . How was I supposed to compete with that ?
There may be a small savings at the factory showrooms in Manacor , where you 'll have the biggest choice .
Decline and Decadence
we only have to get up for you know for the daytime feedings
One opportunist who stayed was Octavius Decatur Gass .
That is exactly what our head coupon issuer Alan Greenspan did in 1987 -- and what I believe he would do again .
These gardens used to belong to the governor 's mountain lodge , but the building was demolished by the Japanese during the occupation of Hong Kong .
He seemed a trifle embarrassed .
I guess he thought you 'd turned up your toes .
But employers are still driving , and that 's all that counts .
They consolidated programs to increase efficiency and deploy resources more effectively
and they 're more independent and there 's things to do then it 's good for them to go to different i mean it he goes to a a mother 's day out program now once a week both of my kids do
but but it is peaceful i mean it is relaxing to do once you find the time to do it
no North Carolina State
Near Jerusalem
As for the divisive issue of whether the Mass is a sacrifice for the remission of sins , the statement affirms that Christ 's death upon the cross ...
The FDA solicited comments on these requirements in the notice of proposed rulemaking and has evaluated and responded to them in the preamble to the final rule .
`` An egg has got to hatch , '' he said .
The percent of total cost for each function included in the model and cost elasticity -LRB- with respect to volume -RRB- are shown in Table 1 .
But Fish is not an upbeat pragmatist .
so i really i really do n't have heart burn at all with doing it myself over four nights tie i tied the car up if four days but we 're fortunate we did n't need it
In general , six elements appear purpose , type of data collected , method of data collection , design , method of data analysis , and reporting .
He 's been mean-spirited and vicious for so long that editors and reporters are tired of hearing about it .
that they do n't show local
For the next two centuries Aelia Capitolina enjoyed an innocuous history .
Every August young women convene to light joss sticks and some even climb the nine-meter -LRB- 30-ft -RRB- rock to pray for good husbands .
Other villages are much less developed , and therein lies the essence of many delights .
A button on the Chatterbox page will make this easy , so please do join in .
i wonder how they kept up with them though it seemed like the buffaloes were moving so fast i guess they graze though that would n't have been a problem
Sure enough , there was the chest , a fine old piece , all studded with brass nails , and full to overflowing with every imaginable type of garment .
The Gaiety Theatre in South King Street is worth visiting for its ornate d ?? cor .
maybe adult literacy maybe you know composition writing maybe you know uh volunteering you know on a tutor line or though the even through the elementary schools for help with homework or the other part of me says is God i 've had enough kids do i really
oh yeah IBM uh i mean uh a lot of people use human factors folks but IBM is what i 'm looking at right now
Cybernetics had always been Derry 's passion .
To the northwest of the chateau , the Grand Trianon palace , surrounded by pleasantly unpompous gardens , was the home of Louis XIV 's mistress , Madame de Maintenon , where the aging king increasingly took refuge .
You 're crazed , Beresford .
so are can i just ask you are you Canadian
In the meantime , the philosophy is to seize present-day opportunities in the thriving economy .
Case Studies in Science Education .
uh-huh i i thought they did an excellent job of actually aging the person you know from when he was a little kid to little older to little older to except the last the very last you know the last person the last actor that played the kid
When asked about the Bible 's literal account of creation , as opposed to the attractive concept of divine creation , every major Republican presidential candidate -- even Bauer -- has squirmed , ducked , and tried to steer the discussion back to faith , morals , and the general idea that humans were created in the image of God .
In Japan , Mainichi Shimbun criticized the new Liberal Democratic Party leader Keizo Obuchi for being devoid of fresh ideas for reviving the Japanese economy .
One bakes Flipper .
The Women 's Haven , which provides shelter and outreach to domestic-violence victims , already has a full-time attorney .
hi Cynthia what did you wear to work today
The purpose of the Diwan-i-Khas is hotly disputed ; it is not necessarily the hall of private audience that its name implies .
well the channel eight when they came here thirteen fourteen years ago Dave Fox and Tracy Rowlett came together uh from Oklahoma City and apparently channel eight was way down and now they have turned it all around and done a pretty remarkable job and then
4 million homes watch the evening news on CBS , ABC , and NBC .
Palestrina , by Hans Pfitzner , performed by the Royal Opera -LRB- Metropolitan Opera House , New York -RRB- .
The Commission 's analysis uses both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities .
and ancient coins
Behind the cathedral , croseover the Rue de la R ?? publique to the 15th-century Eglise Saint-Maclou , the richest example of Flam?boy?ant Gothic in the country .
Many had to leave their birthplaces , fleeing to Lesvos , Chios , and Samos , the Greek-ruled islands just offshore .
Montmartre is lively at night , with famous clubs such as Au Lapin Agile .
After four years , Clinton has learned how to avoid looking unpresidential .
well uh normally i like to to go out fishing in a boat and uh rather than like bank fishing and just like you try and catch anything that 's swimming because i 've had such problems of trying to catch any type of fish that uh i just really enjoy doing the boat type fishing
CHAPTER 6 : HUMAN CAPITAL
and these poor guys out there uh trying to uphold the law um i do n't know i kind of think they should bring back capital punishment
The Leland Act -LRB- 1 -RRB- simplify the household definition
When asked about the Bible 's literal account of creation , as opposed to the attractive concept of divine creation , every major Republican presidential candidate -- even Bauer -- has squirmed , ducked , and tried to steer the discussion back to faith , morals , and the general idea that humans were created in the image of God .
of course you got to charge it and keep your cash
-LRB- Never mind the strictest reading , which supposes that creation took a week . -RRB-
What a brilliantly innocuous metaphor , devised by a master manipulator to obscure his manipulations .
and those are the people that you know can you rehabilitate them the some of the ones that are you know perpetual
Here you 'll find many clothing stores for all ages and a large branch of Dunnes Stores , an Irish clothes - and food-shop chain .
-LRB- Cohen 1999 -RRB- Although many observers would view this as an extreme step it could reduce costs and allow increased efficiencies .
uh-huh so do you have to get a shade tolerant grass is that what you ` re
What about the hole ? '' They scanned the cliff-side narrowly .
This is especially true on Menorca , where cold winter winds limit the season 's length .
yeah although i do worry that how easy this one was might be a bad lesson uh to the to the younger people um you know than there is the other generation
' I see . '
and you know if i know that they 're gon na be there you know you you i try to really watch it and like you say you know really dress up and if i know they 're not you know i i 've been doing a lot of reorganization you know the last couple of months the same way you are you know and it 's just so it 's just impossible to crawl down on the floor and dig through boxes in a dress you know it is so
Founded by Alexander the Great on the Mediterranean coast in 322 b.c. , Alexandria was capital of Egypt during the Ptolemaic era .
yeah i mean this this Escort even when the head gasket went i mean it would start first time every time
Other functional components of the Postal Service are presumed here not to exhibit significant scale economies , although this has not been demonstrated .
I do n't know all the answers , fella .
It may be that the best way to read this text in the years ahead will not be with a magnifying glass , but through the looking glass -- as a prism to discern what the political culture that produced Nixon shares with our own .
you know even even into major things just to keep our car longer because i do n't think we get the money that we put into them out of them in two years or three years and of course i was never in a position where i could trade my car off every two years
Once they know their Social Security benefits promised under current law , workers can calculate how much they can expect from employer-sponsored pension plans and how much they need to save on their own for retirement .
The Kal tangled both of Adrin 's arms , keeping the blades far away .
At the top of the hill is the imposing medieval fortress of Kadifekale .
I 'm not sentimental , you know . '' She paused .
Abortive countrywide revolts
yeah exactly right it really is because they 're gon na get them one way or another they will always have a way look at drugs they always have a way to get that so
ooh it 's kind of tough to think of some of the others although i do watch some of some of those frivolous things uh like on Thursday nights at nine o'clock when i get home from aerobics i will watch uh Knots Landing
right yeah that 's it 's always handy to have that that credit card for whatever it is that you might need it for
To address these concerns , we supplement our Base Estimate of benefits with a series of sensitivity calculations that make use of other sources of concentration-response and valuation data for key benefits categories .
If you need to use the mail , it would be helpful if you sent your comments both in writing and on diskette -LRB- in Word or ASCII format -RRB- .
Tax purists would argue that the value of the homemakers ' hard work -- and the intrafamily benefits they presumably receive in return for it -- should , in fact , be treated as income and taxed , just like the wages paid to outside service providers such as baby sitters and housekeepers .
Were you in company with anyone ?
that 's right you can work yourself to death well i 'm sorry to hear your color did n't come out so good over the weekend
The burden of his spiritual functions as high priest of Shinto and the tasks of administration led the emperor to welcome an early abdication , frequently to retire to a life of Buddhist meditation and scholarship .
11 These departures permit them take advantage of the lower cost of living as well as to be reunited with their spouses and children .
If you still want to join , it might be worked .
Britain 's best-selling tabloid , the Sun , announced as a front-page world exclusive Friday that Texan model Jerry Hall has started divorce proceedings against aging rock star Mick Jagger at the High Court in London .
A student visa overstayer is not going to be a high priority for pro bono assistance .
Additional information is provided to help managers incorporate the standards into their daily operations .
She buried his remains to spare her mother the gruesome sight .
They said that -LRB- 1 -RRB- agencies need to be able to design their procedures to fit their particular circumstances -LRB- e.g.
There are two challengers to these top dogs .
This is one of the reasons we 're growing too weak to fight the Satheri . `` What 's wrong with a ceremony of worship , if you must worship your eggshell ? '' Dave asked .
Where are you going ?
Yes , you 've done very well , young man .
There always will be a need for an attorney to do general law .
How do you propose to get in touch with your would-be employers ?
What seems to be a special bargain price for just one week only could turn out to be a year-round con .
The entire economy received a massive jump-start with the outbreak of the Korean War , with Japan ironically becoming the chief local supplier for an army it had battled so furiously just a few years earlier .
You 're the Desert Ghost .
For this report , we provide an overview of the major theories about why people save and describe various factors associated with the decline in personal saving .
Punditus Interruptus , The Final
NONFEDERAL PHYSICAL PROPERTY ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September
because i do n't want to my mother was also a domineering type of personality because she had to take over the things that my dad fell short in
Favored by the Ancient Egyptians as a source of turquoise , the Sinai was , until recently , famed for only one event but certainly an important one .
uh-huh well maybe well i 've enjoyed talking to you okay bye-bye
You name it L.A. 's got it .
This points to a final press-friendly quality of McCain ' brilliant flattery .
Several of its beaches are officially designated for nudism -LRB- known locally as naturisme -RRB- the most popular being Pointe Tarare and a functionary who is a Chevalier de la L ?? gion d'Honneur has been appointed to supervise all aspects of sunning in the buff .
On the left of the entrance ramp is the open space once occupied by the Temple of Athena , close to which are the remains of the Pergamene library .
Managing better requires that agencies have , and rely upon , sound financial and program information .
But he said he thought the Ledfords understood they could qualify only if he put down a stated income , typically an undocumented business income that raises the borrower 's interest rate .
Another White House murder mystery and a chance to bash the genre .
They would burn to the ground by morning .
Participate in the postaward audit for assessing thedegree of success of the acquisition .
is there still that type of music available
Clean shaven , I think and dark . ''
Indeed , recent economic research suggests that investment in information technology explains most of the acceleration in labor productivity growth-a major component of overall economic growth-since 1995 .
It was replaced in 1910 by the famous old pontoon bridge with its seafood restaurants , which served until the present bridge was opened in 1992 .
Apparently , Greuze was n't worried about needing protection .
Sitting up at night is always rather jumpy , she confessed .
Happily , there 's still a lot that has n't yet been adulterated on the two islands ` meaning that visitors also have a choice .
well in a way you can travel light
Never know where they wo n't turn up next .
The almost midtown Massabielle quarter -LRB- faubourg de Massabielle -RRB- , is sometimes described as the most picturesque in the city .
Do n't take it to heart , lad , he said kindly .
Jon 's feeling of age and weariness must have shown .
Although this award will now be handed out annually , Bailey was selected for several years of his commitment .
This one ended up being surprisingly easy !
Simpson through the tunnels of time .
At 79 m -LRB- 260 ft -RRB- wide and 36 m -LRB- 118 ft -RRB- high , it was built by the Ptolemies during a total reconstruction of the temple in the years 237 105 b.c.
Perhaps tax reform does n't appeal to the new spiritualized side of Bradley .
Regulation and the Nature of Postal Delivery Services , Ed .
Transforming Control of Public Health Programs Raises Concerns -LRB-
substitute my my yeah my kid 'll do uh four or five hours this week for me no problem
Several pro-life Dems are mounting serious campaigns at the state level , often against pro-choice Republicans .
GAO 's prior work on best practices covers achieving the first knowledge point .
are you and since being Argentinean we also have a lot of pasta
The technology used to capture and evaluate information in response to the RFP permits LSC to compile and assess key information about the delivery system at the program , state , regional , and national level .
GAO 's prior work on best practices covers achieving the first knowledge point .
Through a friend who knows the lift boy here .
and once we came here it was like gosh i just miss that because it really is exciting to be around people of different
The show , which begins each evening at 9:00 p.m. , relates in melodramatic fashion the history of Istanbul while coloured floodlights illuminate the spectacular architecture of the Blue Mosque .
If the face has been getting longer at the bottom over the generations , it has been getting shorter -LRB- and broader -RRB- on top .
Anyway , thank you very much for trying to help us .
He seemed a trifle embarrassed .
Inside are leather-bound regimental books with each serviceperson 's name duly inscribed .
Guangzhou , with a population of more than 5 million , straddles the Pearl River China 's fifth longest which links the city to the South China Sea .
you know our church each year has a one of their major fund raisers is you know a garage sale and there 's a ton of clothes always you know left over and i take those down to the uh
So he clearly found a way to project a bandwagon of strength without putting U.S. troops on the line .
The Vice President and his representatives have asserted that GAO lacks the statutory authority to examine the activities of the NEPDG , recognizing only GAOas authority to audit its financial transactions .
Increased saving by current generations would expand the nation 's capital stock , allowing future generations to better afford the nation 's retirement costs while also enjoying higher standards of living .
okay i 'll keep that in mind yeah you serve that yourself or the for a family
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY
because the cold weather was just simply trapped along the ground and could n't get away
China could never trump the warhead blizzard Washington would send in retaliation against any atomic attack , though the country would be loath to cede to U.S. missile defenses the deterrence afforded by its handfuls of warheads .
At the top of the hill is the imposing medieval fortress of Kadifekale .
With him was the evil-looking Number 14 .
yep that 's what he 's worried about the trees or a bush because lilac bushes they they grow fast some people uh would really like to have them and then the people that do have them they spread and they sprout all over their their lawn
When we leave the house we shall be followed again , but not molested , FOR IT IS Mr. BROWN 'S PLAN THAT WE ARE TO LEAD HIM .
Two economists at Virginia Commonwealth University -- yes , here are the economists again , but this time making a more plausible argument -- studied millions of auto-accident claims filed between 1989 and 1993 .
Along the eastern coastline are several fine beaches with perfect windsurfing conditions in their wide , shallow bays .
Though he abstains from showbizzy campaigning , he markets his virtue and exploits his legend .
than the passage of time , the rate of inflation , or geographic location , as so often is the case today .
Always check with drivers and hotel employees to determine if road conditions are good before you depart .
It also describes the results of the scenario analysis , both in terms of the various marginal costs associated with emission control strategies and the economy-wide impact of each scenario .
An ancient Greek trading post , the town manages to combine the atmosphere of a resort with a gutsy , bustling city life .
yeah well my uh my uh probably one of the biggest decisions i think that was very strengthened for our family was rather than have one child make that decision
and i 'm pretty happy with it so far
Cop Bud White -LRB- Crowe -RRB- and Ed Exley -LRB- Pearce -RRB- almost mix it up -LRB- 59 seconds -RRB- :
Poirot remained lost in thought for a few minutes .
His arm came up over his eyes , cutting off the glare .
A piece describes the Learning Channel 's new women-targeted reality TV A Wedding Story , A Baby Story , and A Dating Story , featuring real-life marriages , babies , and dates .
Introduction
i never managed to plan my departure right
oh wow no i just started about well five years ago i think
Trying Your Luck
What are you going to do about it ? '' Tuppence frowned severely .
Additionally , GAO 's FederalInformationSystemControlsAuditManualis now used by most major federal audit entities to evaluate computerrelated controls .
The liberation of these old European colonies created the basis for postwar independence movements proclaiming the Japanese slogan Asia for the Asians .
As long as Assad lives , he can manage these troubles and keep an agreement with Israel .
The program covers those units covered by the new nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program that are located in the States in the WRAP and that , in any year starting in 2000 , emit more than 100 tons of sulfur dioxide and are used to produce electricity for sale .
Suddenly she started , and her face blanched .
-LRB- For more information on BLM 's senior executive performance plans , see app .
He took the wicked blade as well .
He watched the river flow .
and he 's an engineer so he even came over and set it up for me and had it running for like two hundred dollars so i thought that
I think it behooves Slate , in its effort to take over the public-opinion industry , to make a thorough effort to uncover the truth behind this unnatural connection .
He found himself thinking in circles of worry and pulled himself back to his problem .
What changed ?
The chain swung again , hitting her arm and sending the palm knife into the crowd .
They did this to us .
Boca da Corrida Encumeada -LRB- moderate ; 5 hours -RRB- : views of Curral das Freiras and the valley of Ribeiro do Poco .
As the double-decker boats get ready to leave the pier , bells ring , the gangplank is raised , deckhands in blue sailor suits man the hawsers , and a couple of hundred commuters begin a seven-minute sightseeing tour .
As previously noted , we published new independence standards dealing with non-audit/consulting services when the AICPA failed to act .
The year of 1820 was a pivotal one in the story of the King?dom of Hawaii .
Auditors are strongly encouraged to comply with the guidance provided by GAGAS .
would you barbecue a turkey or a chicken or
Along with each step , certain practices proved especially important to the success of their efforts .
Ca ` daan felt his skin get hot and unable to come up with any suitable response , moved on .
uh the one we thought would be the most timid uh turned out to be the one that stuck with it and was the first to learn
They found plenty of water pouring down from the mountains , and more timber than anyone knew what to do with .
Another alternative is that our heroes were pursuing the noble goal of academics everywhere -- tenure .
The Journal put the point succinctly to Is any publicity good publicity ?
and we decided we 'd just go across the road to the office and see if we could rent anything
The Fray 's reputation as a home for hostile , rude , and mean-spirited exchanges suffered a severe beating at the hands of the Reading thread , which was so civilized that participants suggested taking insulin shots afterward .
oh i 've never itemized yet
Miller claimed the First Amendment -LRB- right to freedom of speech and association -RRB- rather than taking the Fifth -LRB- right against self-incrimination -RRB- .
Just like we have hairpins and powder-puffs . '' Tommy handed over a rather shabby green notebook , and Tuppence began writing busily .
and it 's just like college too i think that if a kid goes to college and you can help them fine but i do n't think you should pay the whole way
If they have overestimated how far the CPI is off , Boskin and his commission may institutionalize an underestimated CPI -- guaranteeing a yearly , stealth tax increase .
and the NIT semifinals are on tonight
Why should n't he be ?
The new rights are nice enough
14 Managing for Federal Managers ' Views Show Need for Ensuring Top Leadership Skills -LRB- GAO-01-127 , Oct. 20 , 2000 -RRB- ; Management Using the Results Act and Quality Management to Improve Federal Performance -LRB- GAO/T-GGD -99 -151 , July 29 , 1999 -RRB- ; and Management Elements of Successful Improvement Initiatives -LRB- GAO/T - GGD-00-26 , Oct. 15 , 1999 -RRB- .
Local boy Gates wisely built his 45,000-square-foot castle in suburban Seattle .
Pro-Microsoft analysts spin this as a heroic sacrifice , removing the lightning rod whose seemingly disingenuous testimony has ostensibly driven the DOJ to the verge of demanding the company 's breakup .
They do not know it themselves . '
There are other reasons that wrecks cause fan excitement -- e.g.
Beatrice and Grace made out OK legally , but some of us will never use their products again without thinking about Travolta losing his shirt in the name of those wasted-away little kids .
Does anyone know what happened to chaos ?
The rock has a soft texture and can be bought in a variety of shapes .
Sure enough , there was the chest , a fine old piece , all studded with brass nails , and full to overflowing with every imaginable type of garment .
Boca da Corrida Encumeada -LRB- moderate ; 5 hours -RRB- : views of Curral das Freiras and the valley of Ribeiro do Poco .
yep same here
They crossed the Forth from Dunfermline at the narrows known to this day as Queensferry .
If she was n't , how would they have known Jane Finn had got the papers ?
17 `` Surely you are not thinking of refusing ?
He bent down to study the tiny little jeweled gears .
Each one planting itself in the sides of Stark 's neck .
The Saving Mystery , or Where Did the Money Go ?
as long as you got congressmen and senators that are getting kickbacks kickbacks from these different companies that are getting awarded for the defense contracts that 's never going to happen
IDPA 's OIG 's mission is to prevent , detect , and eliminate fraud , waste , abuse , and misconduct in various payment programs .
At the eastern end of Back Lane and turning right , Nicholas Street becomes Patrick Street , and in St. Patrick 's Close is St. Patrick 's Cathedral .
Not quite as large is the Papal Crose commemorating Pope John Paul II 's visit in 1979 , when more than one million people gathered to celebrate mass .
an d now we got the governor she 's going to do that
GAO 's Web site -LRB- www.gao.gov -RRB- contains abstracts and full-text files ofcurrent reports and testimony and an expanding archive of older products .
uh whether one might conceive no pun intended of the possibility that there might be a kind of a deliberate uh um
The Report and Order , in large part , adopts the unanimous recommendations of the Hearing Aid Compatibility Negotiated Rulemaking Committee , an advisory committee established by the Federal Communications Commission in 1995 .
What you say about Lawrence is a great surprise to me , I said .
cook and then the next time it would be my turn and i 'd try to outdo him and then he 'd try to outdo me and we we was really a lot of fun and
FEC Chairman Scott Thomas , a Democrat who was also at the conference , noted that the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 outlined three principles that need to be preserved on the 1 -RRB- disclosure of how money is raised and spent to influence elections ; 2 -RRB- limits on the amount that any one person can contribute to a campaign ; and 3 -RRB- restrictions on independent spending by corporations and unions .
6See also Internal Control Management and Evaluation Tool -LRB- GAO-01-1008G , August 2001 -RRB- .
High Crimes is painfully shoddy , even for a book rushed to press .
Under the leadership of Henry the Navigator , caravels set out from the westernmost point of the Algarve , in southern Portugal , in search of foreign lands , fame , and wealth .
Windows 95 costs about $ 90 at my local computer superstore .
i know that i did n't much uh-huh oh
Personal Communication with P. Croteau , Babcock Borsig Power , August 2001 .
well the channel eight when they came here thirteen fourteen years ago Dave Fox and Tracy Rowlett came together uh from Oklahoma City and apparently channel eight was way down and now they have turned it all around and done a pretty remarkable job and then
you did you see that
eThe number of deletions was negligible .
Regulation and the Nature of Postal Delivery Services , Ed .
Look , it 's your skin , but you 're going to be in trouble if you do n't get busy .
We also have found that leading organizations strive to ensure that their core processes efficiently and effectively support mission-related outcomes .
Sculpture and stone carving are perfectly modified to the harmonies of the design ; the four columns at the corners are hollow to carry water off the roof , and the urns on roof are disguised chimneys .
`` Give it to me . '' He handed it to her .
yep and then i had probably lived the last eleven years in Massachusetts so you know what does that make me an honorary Yankee or
The equipment you need for windsurfing can be hired from the beaches at Tel Aviv -LRB- marina -RRB- , Netanya , Haifa -LRB- at Bat Galim beach -RRB- , Tiberias , and Eilat .
Strategic human capital management must be at the center of this transformation effort .
The first installment of the Star Wars Trilogy Special Edition opened in theaters everywhere .
It takes a deeper fire than most salamanders can stir , Ser Perth .
Personal Communication with P. Croteau , Babcock Borsig Power , August 2001 .
it 'll be a nice little bit of money we 're going to
-LSB- W -RSB- omen mocking men by calling into question their masculinity is also classified as sexual harassment , the paper added .
This popular show spawned the aquatic show at the Bellagio .
For instance , when Clinton cited executive privilege as a reason for holding back a memo from FBI Director Louis Freeh criticizing his drug policies , Bob Dole asserted that the president had no basis for refusing to divulge it .
Around the corner is the huge , domed , Neo-Classical Panth ?? on .
yeah well my uh my uh probably one of the biggest decisions i think that was very strengthened for our family was rather than have one child make that decision
Do you want to see historic sights and tour museums and art galleries ?
These revelations were embarrassing to Clinton 's opponents , wrote the Washington Post . The Sun-Times quoted Rahm Emanuel , Stephanopoulos ' successor , on the From Day One I always thought this was politically motivated and had politics written all over it ; after five years , it is nice to have the truth catch up with the president 's political opponents .
Each individual 's survival curve , or the probability of surviving beyond a given age , should shift as a result of an environmental quality improvement .
Savonarola burned in Florence
We need your help with another new feature that starts next week .
Allow time in Thirasia to explore Santorini 's smaller sibling islands .
it gets it
you can get a hard copy of it and that 's about it
Many are based on industry-recognized models such as the Constructive Cost Model -LRB- COCOMO -RRB- , PRICE , Putnam , and Jensen .
While headquarters staffing is to be streamlined , the staffing levels at the ports are to be maintained or increased .
This northern beach of magnificent tan sand is most agreeably reached by boat .
Prior to 1986 , the United States had been a net creditor because its holdings of foreign assets exceeded foreign holdings of U.S. assets .
She was quite young , not more than eighteen .
Specifically , suppose unconstrained competition were allowed but the Postal Service turned out to have sufficient market power in some product areas to allow other products to be priced at or near the level of incremental cost .
Today it is the effects of pollution that are taking their toll on Agra 's monuments .
They look just as good as new . '' They cut them carefully and ripped away the oilskin .
Since the system would automatically verify all receipts and acceptances prior to invoice payment authorization , there would be no need to authorize payment prior to verification of receipt .
However , the specific approaches to executing those principles tended to differ among the various sectors .
exercise is not supposed to do that to you
It focuses on desktop , client/server , and enterprisewide computing .
NHTSA noted that the only other possible interpretation of section 330 was to treat the phrase standards promulgated ... prior to the enactment of this section as
What seems to be a special bargain price for just one week only could turn out to be a year-round con .
well that 's pretty typical though uh i do n't uh i do n't guess it 's going to be any much different uh than than it has been in the past so i expect uh July and August we 'll see our or uh share of hundred degree days
True to his word to his faithful mare , Ca ` daan left Whitebelly in Fena Dim and borrowed Gray Cloud from his uncle .
She would be almost certainly sent to you under an assumed one .
Possibly three months . ''
News argues that most of America 's 93 million volunteers are n't doing much good .
no not it not no it 's a it 's not something
` Can I get a drink ? '
While AILA has joined the ACLU and other organizations in a Freedom of Information Act request to find out who is being detained where and why , Mohammed notes that the reasons for the immigrants ' detention were not immediately clear and sometimes had dire consequences .
Many Gothic and Renaissance buildings have been lovingly restored .
right just get you away from the everyday things that are going on we when the children were smaller we used to go to uh Delaware along the ocean ocean most every year and that was fun we stayed mostly in state parks and uh we really enjoyed that
2 . Receiving Water Samples
Egg cattle merry wedged marvelous
Some travelers add Molokai and Lanai to their itineraries .
In the depths of the Cold War , many Americans suspected Communists had infiltrated Washington and were about to subvert our democracy .
yeah yeah i think well i know it 's true you see a lot of that you know rally behind the female she may lose but by golly we 're going to make a statement here
Each edition of the DSM is the product of arguments , negotiations , and compromises .
For such a governmentwide review , an entrance conference is generally held with applicable central agencies , such as the Office of Management and Budget -LRB- OMB -RRB- or the Office of Personnel Management .
There 's a lot of villas all the way along , but by degrees they seemed to get more and more thinned out , and in the end we got to one that seemed the last of the bunch .
And far , far away - lying still on the tracks - was the back of the train .
Vatican II gave rise to a less hierarchical and more outward-looking Catholicism and set the stage for once-unthinkable innovations like plainclothes nuns and the celebration of the Mass in English and other modern languages .
Even us if you needed , '' said Jon .
And the door into Mr. Inglethorp 's room ?
Load time is divided into elemental and coverage related load time .
Candle grease ?
To the sociologists ' speculations , add mine .
He unleashed a 16-day reign of terror that left 300 Madeirans dead , stocks of sugar destroyed , and the island plundered .
5 -RRB- The Democrats are reaping what they sowed -LRB- after torturing Robert Bork , John Tower , and Clarence Thomas -RRB- .
so you know well a lot of the stuff you hear coming from South Africa now and from West Africa that 's considered world music because it 's not particularly using certain types of folk styles
During the hottest hours , things come to a virtual standstill , though the Caribbean siesta is an hour or two shorter than its Mediterranean counterpart .
Inside the Oval White House Tapes From FDR to Clinton
The experiment lasted only until Ahkenaten 's death when almost all records relating to the King were destroyed .
The game of billiards is also hot .
Lincoln glared .
You claimed to be a repairman for such devices . '' Hanson bent to study it again , using a diamond lens one of the warlocks handed him .
that 's hilarious to to get that jack off that 's right oh that 's a funny story
The Government does not sacrifice anything of value in exchange and the entity that forfeits the property does not receive anything of value .
She 's smiling but her eyes are closed .
There is very little left of old Ocho the scant remains of Ocho Rios Fort are probably the oldest and now lie in an industrial area , almost forgotten as the tide of progress has swept over the town .
Enlarging the village was not desirable and most knew that Severn only desired wealth and a seat on the council of elders .
Ickes apparently made calls to donors from his government office , but there is no evidence so far that anyone else solicited funds in a federal building .
-LRB- Read Slate 's on how Bush flaunts the courage of his cliches .
3 Accordingly , auditors performing financial audits need to be proficient in applying the AICPA standards and guidance contained in the SASs .
are you and since being Argentinean we also have a lot of pasta
Even the most aged and infirm travel here to die , for nothing is more blessed for a devout Hindu than to die in the great waters of the Varanasi and thus be released from the eternal cycle of rebirth .
On the west side of the square is Old King 's House -LRB- built in 1762 -RRB- , which was the official residence of the British governor ; it was here that the proclamation of emancipation was issued in 1838 .
She has believed that the sleeping draught she administered was perfectly harmless , but there is no doubt that for one terrible moment she must have feared that Mrs. Inglethorp 's death lay at her door .
Had we had more money we would have facilitated more conferences .
He was crying like his mother had just walloped him .
Treat yourself and bill it to Si .
The last 12 years of his life are a blank .
It is really a matter of waiting . ''
A funny place for a piece of brown paper , I mused .
in well i think i think my long-term sense of of budget concerns is that we 're going is a lot of others government 's spending goes on goes towards this uh health care and things like that and a lot of causes of poor health or need for health care are brought about by various factors such as such as pollution stress you know work work environment conditions and so forth but generally the government is
The South African priest who invited Clinton to do so is quoted in the paper as saying that once Clinton stood up , he was thinking about how much embarrassment it would have caused him by my saying , please sit down .
Some predict the jokes will wear thin soon , while others call it definitively depraved -LRB- Tom Shales , the Washington Post -RRB- . -LRB- Download a clip from South Park here . -RRB-
Look for these items in the picturesque open-air market of Sa Penya -LRB- Ibiza Town -RRB- or for a wider selection at the bustling , covered central market in the newer part of town -LRB- carrer d'Extremadura -RRB- .
` Go now . '
We make simulacra out of mandrakes -- like the manicurist in the barber shop .
yeah that 's that 's always nice when you have an animal that the kids can play with like that how old are the kids
They are all quotations from the Old Testament Book of Aunt Ruth .
-LRB- A bigger contribution may or may not mean , I really , really support Candidate X. -RRB- Freedom of association is an even bigger stretch -- one that Justice Thomas would laugh out of court if some liberal proposed it .
no no not at all it
Total electricity expenditures increase by about 15 % to 30 % depending on the year and the scenario -LRB- see Table 3 , below , and the tables in Appendix 5.2 for more detail on the changing pattern of expenditures -RRB- .
The red moon made her skin glow .
I just stopped where I was .
but there 's no uh inscriptions or or dates or anything else
The contrast between the landscape of the central highlands and the south coast could not be more marked .
um-hum you mean when the reporter sticks the the microphone in the person says the face and says how do you feel that you house has burned to the ground
The Illinois Equal Justice Foundation has recently made its first grants from money appropriated by the Illinois General Assembly .
The H-2A worker must depart the country and is subject to deportation for failing to do so .
no no not at all it
cook and then the next time it would be my turn and i 'd try to outdo him and then he 'd try to outdo me and we we was really a lot of fun and
They would burn to the ground by morning .
Yes , it does , admitted Tuppence .
yeah now do Indian are Indian foods kosher
While obviously constrained by their bondage , blacks nonetheless forged a culture rich with religious observances , folk tales , family traditions , song , and so on .
oh my uh-huh uh-huh
However the Postal Service did provide as much detail as is collected a volume distribution by transportation mode and shape for sixty individual countries .
because i do n't want to my mother was also a domineering type of personality because she had to take over the things that my dad fell short in
Say , man , do n't you know you 've been given up for dead ?
yes everybody in the country is preapproved i think
Most of Slate will not be published next week , the third and last of our traditional summer weeks off .
Alonissos has been settled longer than any other Aegean island , estimated by archaeologists to date from 100,000 b.c. , and was valued by many leaders in classical Greek times .
Whether you drink beer or alcohol or not , a trip to Dublin is n't complete without a visit to some of its pubs do n't miss this experience .
Accusations of corruption among officials in Rao 's administration in 1995 also paved the way for a comeback .
All of a sudden I sat down on the edge of the table , and put my face in my hands , sobbing out a ` Mon Dieu !
' Blankley replies , And there are fund-raisers going out in other parts of the country to raise ` The conservatives are coming , the conservatives are coming .
Tax records show Waters earned around $ 65,000 in 2000 .
He argued that these governors shared the congressional Republican agenda enshrined in the 1994 Contract With America .
so uh listen i 'll call Triple A uh auto club any time
' I do n't suppose you could forget I ever said that ? '
This was the saturation and 125-piece walk sequence Enhanced Carrier Route mail volume in 1996 .
A politician connected with the home service of his parliamentary section 's boss , with the mobile phone number 0-609-3459812 , and known for his lack of sense of humor , did not take too well to a message from ` Admirer ' - ` Wishes shovel best ' .
they do n't i do n't i do n't work at TI
Only trouble was , they had infinite ammunition ... we only had so many bullets .
The Star reports that actress Jodie Foster is pregnant through artificial insemination .
The doctor accepted quite readily the theory that Mrs. Vandemeyer had accidentally taken an overdose of chloral .
They do not know it themselves . '
The next year , he built himself a palace , Iolani , which can still be toured in Honolulu .
The other is retrospective and intended to help those who review case study reports to assess the quality of completed case studies .
This number represents the most reliable , albeit conservative , estimate of cases closed in 1999 by LSC grantees .
much with whatever it 's with the Black the Black problem or whatever that may be now
TEST ORGANISMS
and i 'm pretty happy with it so far
After considering comments of the Postal Service and other participants , the Commission found the proposal problematical , and declined to pursue it .
Look here , you 've no business to come asking for me in this way .
um-hum what is your worst then
Two is enough for a secret .
Excellent reviews for the collaboration between two of the '90s ' most acclaimed jazz saxophonists .
do you really romance
The baker was not jolly .
But she 's not like her photo one bit .
From that spot she could see all of them and , should she need to , she could see through them as well .
Summer boasts long , warm days with strong sunlight and hazy views .
For himself he chose Atat ?? rk , or Father of the Turks .
It was other-worldly .
On the second point , Judge Newton said in a recent interview , I 've heard this complaint a hundred times .
so they do n't deal much in cash anymore either
Acquaintances of mine have become Orthodox because of the codes .
He saw Stark buried under the earth , screaming for a mercy or death that would never come and crawling out of the rock decades later .
Good Oklahoma now has a Public Guardianship Program , albeit unfunded , that will supply lawyers to perform this rights-monitoring process
Acquaintances of mine have become Orthodox because of the codes .
they do n't allow they do n't do that
yeah those yeah it was all bloodless and the good guys can get hit all day long and they have to shake it off they do n't they do n't you know get epileptic fits or anything from getting hit on the head
Favored by the Ancient Egyptians as a source of turquoise , the Sinai was , until recently , famed for only one event but certainly an important one .
I 'm sure he 'll be back to work soon enough - it 's only a leg wound , barely broken flesh .
Can I help you ? '
Look for these items in the picturesque open-air market of Sa Penya -LRB- Ibiza Town -RRB- or for a wider selection at the bustling , covered central market in the newer part of town -LRB- carrer d'Extremadura -RRB- .
The library is the largest of any plantation in Jamaica , with over 300 volumes , including three first editions ; the books would have been used to while away the long humid days .
AC Green 's pretty good
Jon walked back to the town to the smithy .
uh well i figured if i had it done in the garage at the Toyota dealer i would be looking at probably three or four hundred dollars
But by one measure , it seems to have been static .
A profile crowns Chris Rock The Funniest Man in America .
A martini should be gin and vermouth and a twist .
The other bank pays the fund interest based upon tiered account levels , more typical of a large commercial account .
Such multicolored reef dwellers as the parrotfish and French angelfish , along with weirdly shaped coral , crawfish , or turtles hiding in crevices , can be yours for the viewing in these clear waters where visibility of 30 m -LRB- 100 ft -RRB- is common .
other side that 's a good idea
all right thanks bye bye
As legal scholar Randall Kennedy wrote in his book Race , Crime , and the Law , Even if race is only one of several factors behind a decision , tolerating it at all means tolerating it as potentially the decisive factor .
The only drawback is , of course , the large crowds in summer .
After shuttering the DOE , Clinton could depict himself as a crusader against waste and bureaucracy who succeeded where even Reagan failed .
The aggregate effect on the amount of federal government saving is what affects the level of national saving and economic growth .
But , when I discovered that it was known all over the village that it was John who was attracted by the farmer 's pretty wife , his silence bore quite a different interpretation .
i never managed to plan my departure right
Then he shrugged .
Corroborating evidence is independent evidence that supports information in the database .
Mr. Clinton rewards Mr. Knight for his fund raising , Mr. Gore lays the groundwork for his anticipated presidential bid four years from now , and the companies , by hiring Mr. Knight , get the administration 's ear .
Even if you 're the kind of traveler who likes to improvise and be adventurous , do n't turn your nose up at the tourist offices .
What the judge really wants are the facts -- he wants to make a good decision , he said .
Piccadilly Tube station .
Many who fled have returned .
A re-created street of colonial Macau is lined with traditional Chinese shops .
Tommy had a healthy and vigorous appetite .
but uh TV is something that we try to not um deliberately try not to get hung up on it like you say
Oh , sorry , wrong church .
The most popular form of shadow theater is known as Wayang Siam .
Look out for that overseer up there .
They should have him be just a disembodied voice .
Off El Hurriya Street you 'll find the Neo-Classical facade of the Greco-Roman Museum with a fine collection of both Roman , Greek , and Ptolemaic artifacts found around the city and under the waters of the harbor , along with many ancient Egyptian pieces .
it may be arrogant but i mean let them come to us
Simpson through the tunnels of time .
In April 1453 the Sultan 's armies massed outside the city walls , outnumbering the Byzantines ten to one .
They wanted you , so they got you . '' Dave considered it .
If anyone has a good idea about how to bring back the opinion leaders of yore , I am all for it .
Vishnu 's wife Lakshmi is goddess of good fortune .
Well , let us leave it .
In the 19th century , when Kashmir was the most exotic hill-station of them all , the maharaja forbade the British to buy land there , so they then hit on the brilliant alternative of building luxuriously appointed houseboats moored on the lakes near Srinagar .
he 's not a starter
Similarly , OIM revised the electronic Grant Renewal Application to accommodate new information sought by LSC and to ensure greater ease for users .
One of them , darker skinned , had hair braided into two lines .
That could n't happen in a sane world , either .
yeah they were my favorite team for a while
It was worth the trip for that .
well do you know you have a ten limit a ten minute time limit well that 's okay and then they come on and tell you and they tell you got five seconds to say good-bye
However , co-requesters can not approve additional co-requesters or restrict the timing of the release of the product after it is issued .
Try a selection at the Whisky Heritage Centre -LRB- they have over 100 for you to sample -RRB- , where you can then buy a bottle or two of your personal favorite in the shop or in stores around the city .
You and your friends are not welcome here , said Severn .
It was the heyday of the brilliant but lethal Spanish-Italian lecherous Rodrigo , who became Pope Alexander VI , and treacherous son Cesare , who stopped at nothing to control and expand the papal lands .
There is very little to see here , or at the ruined Essene monastery of Qumran itself .
those little kids do n't understand it
But employers are still driving , and that 's all that counts .
In other words , the paper exhibited the all-too-typical journalistic tic of exposing potential conflicts of interest involving politicians while ignoring those involving journalists .
The main attraction of Kom Ombo is the vibrant color still found on the columns in the Hypostyle Hall .
The Passaic office is refusing to join in that reconfiguration , which goes into effect Jan. .
When we encounter the young woman again , she has taken a job as the live-in domestic at a huge and crumbling Roman townhouse belonging to an English loner named Jason Kinsky -LRB- David Thewlis -RRB- .
well um i uh exercise regularly i work at a university and i swim almost everyday
Good-bye . '' Julius was bending over the car .
From the inventories of the initiatives they developed in response to our request , we asked agency officials to identify those agency components and initiatives that , in their view , had successfully involved and empowered employees .
The best place to view the spring azaleas is at the Azalea Festival in the last week of April at Tokyo 's Nezu shrine .
Very few emperors were reluctant to submit to Fujiwara domination .
The only comprehensible explanation is that the vocation that had burrowed in next to medicine had taken control , had insisted .
Just north of the Shalom Tower is the Yemenite Quarter , its main attractions being the bustling Carmel market and good Oriental restaurants .
guess it did n't last too long at the box office but i thought it was pretty good
Occasionally , he 'd wince and apologise for any incoherence .
He did not immediately recognize Tuppence .
You see , he said sadly , `` you have no instincts . ''
well i i 'm doing computer science computer engineering
Also , disappointing earnings reports from Intel and other blue-chip companies in the two weeks leading up to the crash caused investors to question the value of entire portfolios .
Built in a.d. 715 to help measure the peak and trough of the Nile flood .
Chapter 1 provides general background information on emission control technologies .
You have to walk through it -RRB- .
The standard technology assumptions of scenario A were used by EIA in the development of the AEO2001 reference case projections .
Who are these sons of eggs ?
I was deeply impressed by the power and eloquence of the counsel for the defence .
All of a sudden I sat down on the edge of the table , and put my face in my hands , sobbing out a ` Mon Dieu !
Very simply .
i mean that 's a real attractive option if you have the the technology for it all it was was you know i mean she just used a phone modem and she was like she was sitting in the office
how do you like it well
` Do n't worry , ' he whispered .
I understand , mademoiselle , I understand all you feel .
The standard technology assumptions of scenario A were used by EIA in the development of the AEO2001 reference case projections .
A 1994 Roper Poll concluded that the NewsHour is perceived by the public as the most credible newscast in the country .
I see , said Tuppence thoughtfully .
and uh we went through a time period that we had three Danes
As the budgets , functions , and points of service of many government programs devolve to state and local government , private entities and nonprofit organizations , and other third parties , it may become harder for GAO to obtain the records it needs to complete audits and evaluations .
TIG funds support the Technology Evaluation Project , an initiative of the Legal Aid Society of Cincinnati .
He works himself into a fake froth ; does some calculated , halfhearted gonzo writing ; then collects a fat check .
Moreover , it is possible to have questions that require nested case studies .
Evaluating the intent of the six principles , we observed that they naturally fell into three distinct sets , which we refer to as critical success factors .
so it 's it 's changing and the summers are getting hot and the winters are cold but i guess i can live with it
The public health official 's version of the line , Take my wife , please , is Tell Americans to eat kale five times a week .
Participants generally viewed the new internal control reporting requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as a good requirement .
The cuts will take the biggest bite out of Land of Lincoln , a network of eight offices and 40 lawyers who help clients in southern Illinois with problems like eviction , access to Social Security and obtaining orders of protection from abusive spouses .
At the fulcrum is a coffee bar and cafe under a giant screen television flanked by CD listening stations .
and not only is it you know trouble to have to drive but it takes time away from your home and your family when you 're out driving
There is a good restaurant in the village , in addition to a well-stocked mini-market for self-catering visitors .
British action would n't have mattered .
Another quarter billion plus dollars of the total amount sought was earmarked to pay down operating debt accrued in past years .
Model yields an estimate of the percentage change in a household 's demand for postage as a result of owning a computer
They have found a new object of their affection .
Carmel Man , a relation of the Neanderthal family , lived here 600,000 years ago .
The best place to view the spring azaleas is at the Azalea Festival in the last week of April at Tokyo 's Nezu shrine .
She 's very tired .
Puri also has a beautiful beach , southwest of town , which is ideal for cooling off but those are n't sandcastles the Indians are making , they 're miniature temples , for this is the Swarga Dwara -LRB- Heaven 's Gateway -RRB- , where the faithful wash away their sins .
It was deserved .
Text Box 2.1 : Gross Domestic Product and Gross National Product 48Text Box 4.1 : How do the NIPA and federal unified budget concepts of
In a new retrospective , the Vienna modernist -LRB- 1890-1918 -RRB- wins critics ' grudging respect .
Yet , in the mouths of the white townsfolk of Salisbury , N.C. , it sounds convincing .
In this moment of American triumphalism , it 's hard to resist the temptation to rewrite recent history as the narrative of America 's self-reliant , inevitable rise , and to see the future as the story of America 's continued ascent into the higher reaches of the New Economy .
These runs could cost far more than the value of the small improvement in service .
The Times says this tracking list is drawn up from information from bookstores , but publishers say they routinely call up the Times to tip them off to books selling with increasing momentum so that they can be added to the tracking list .
Any subsequent alterations to the data can be readily detected .
yeah you can also do the same thing using um if you have ground beef just stir fry the ground beef drain off the oil use the same hoi sin sauce and um some of the frozen mixed vegetables
The islands ' names refer to the different force winds hitting them , not their topography .
How do you propose to get in touch with your would-be employers ?
He and his associates were n't operating at the level of metaphor .
This number represents the most reliable , albeit conservative , estimate of cases closed in 1999 by LSC grantees .
Scutari is traditionally associated with the name of Florence Nightingale .
Was it a sudden decision on his part , or had he already made up his mind when he parted from me a few hours earlier ?
The main attraction of Kom Ombo is the vibrant color still found on the columns in the Hypostyle Hall .
The 37 hectares -LRB- 91 acres -RRB- of garden are set on lands above the Wag Wag River , which twists through a steep and narrow valley .
It describes six applications of case study methods , including the purposes and pitfalls of each , and explains similarities and differences among the six .
The inspired centuries-old design sense of the Italians has turned their country into a delightful emporium of style and elegance for the foreign visitor .
The tip was hooked towards the edge , the same way the tips are hammered for knives used for slaughter .
Since the rules were issued as interim rules and not as general notices of proposed rulemaking , they are not subject to the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 .
Some bugs are hell to track down .
Just as in ancient times , without the River Nile , Egypt could not exist .
huh-uh i do n't even want to go anywhere yeah that 's about it
Although it 's hard to disagree with James Surowiecki 's roasting of Wade Cook in The Book on Cook , Surowiecki 's assertion that the equity stock option market is simply a big casino that contribute -LSB- s -RSB- nothing to the smooth functioning of capital markets is both wrong and silly .
There is no tradition of clothes criticism that includes serious analysis , or even of costume criticism among theater , ballet , and opera critics , who do have an august writerly heritage .
well yeah that really is scary
But you would not trust me . ''
But of course the DSM is informed by social values .
Sultan Abdul Hamid II -LRB- 1876 1909 -RRB- tried to apply absolute rule to an empire staggering under a crushing foreign debt , with a fragmented population of hostile people , and succeeded only in creating ill will and dissatisfaction amongst the younger generation of educated Turks .
36 AC usage nationally for mercury control from power plants should be roughly proportional to the total MWe of coal-fired facilities that are equipped with the technology -LRB- this assumes an average capacity factor of 85 percent and other assumptions of Tables 4-4 and 4-5 -RRB- .
The village is Sainte-Marie , named by the explorer when he landed on 4 November 1493 , attracted by the waterfalls and river he could see flowing down the green inland mountains .
What 's truly striking , though , is that Jobs has never really let this idea go .
uh-huh how about any matching programs
you know maybe it just was n't possible at all in the first place you know like the no new taxes thing you know that 's uh with the economy going the way it is and everything that was nearly ridiculous thing to
Text box 4.1 describes how the NIPA and unified budget concepts differ .
Or Sherlock Holmes ? ''
It was deserved .
Two bronze lions , carrying out feng shui principles , guard its doors .
I have a situation .
I entered her shack , opening the painted door covered in runes of warding .
What Ellison is doing here , as Hemingway did , is equating the process of becoming an artist with that of becoming a man .
oh like if they say i i we just type it in like that
it 's so bad wanted to mow today i was off and i wanted to mow the yard but just walking across it it 's still so mushy if i took a mower out there i 'd tear the sod up so bad
Until all members of our society are afforded that access , this promise of our government will continue to be unfulfilled .
Still , I guess that can be got over .
Perched on a steep slope , high in the Galilean hills , Safed -LRB- known also as Tzfat , Tsfat , Sefat , and Zefat -RRB- is a delightful village-town of some 22,000 people .
facilitate suits for benefits by using the State and Federal courts and the independent bar on which those courts depend for the proper performance of their duties and responsibilities .
Ocho Rios is Spanish for eight rivers , but this name is not descriptive of the area .
See you Aug. 12 , or soon thereafter , we hope .
You can either fly on TAP/Air Portugal -LRB- 15-minute flight -RRB- or take the ferry -LRB- which leaves daily at 8am ; Tel. 291/226 511 -RRB- .
exactly and when i 'm sitting here on the sofa cross-stitching and all of a sudden somebody a man 's got their hand on my door knob it 's like uh like oh no and so i do n't i do n't like that and i guess the only way to prevent it would be just to pass a city ordinance to prevent that or
him ? '' she asked .
Each individual 's survival curve , or the probability of surviving beyond a given age , should shift as a result of an environmental quality improvement .
yeah it 's true it is in in fact i have a friend of mine that moved to North Carolina she 's um an emergency room nurse she does the operating room
4 million , or about 8 percent of total expenditures for the two programs -RRB- .
i do n't know no i do n't
The number of steps built down into the interior means that it is unsuitable for the infirm or those with heart problems .
it 's the very same type of paint and everything
I have to tell you , I tried to understand it .
Once they know their Social Security benefits promised under current law , workers can calculate how much they can expect from employer-sponsored pension plans and how much they need to save on their own for retirement .
His off-the-cuff style seems amateurish next to Inglis ' polished mini-essays .
in each square
BUDGETARY RESOURCES - The forms of authority given to an agency allowing it to incur obligations .
If she was n't , how would they have known Jane Finn had got the papers ?
yeah well at least as they told us uh two shifts
well what station plays uh that type of music
In Japan , Mainichi Shimbun criticized the new Liberal Democratic Party leader Keizo Obuchi for being devoid of fresh ideas for reviving the Japanese economy .
go up to state parks with six shelters and little screened in areas and then travel trailers and all the way up to conference center type campings that have uh you know air conditioning like hotels with uh
However , SCR installations designed to comply with the NOX SIP Call are generally already into the installation process or , at a minimum , into the engineering phase of the project .
Also , disappointing earnings reports from Intel and other blue-chip companies in the two weeks leading up to the crash caused investors to question the value of entire portfolios .
Programs that do this typically have successful cost and schedule outcomes .
Well , we 've just got to get down to it , that 's all .
, number of parks or acres of land -RRB- rather than in terms of historical cost .
Merrion Square West , Dublin 2 .
As for the divisive issue of whether the Mass is a sacrifice for the remission of sins , the statement affirms that Christ 's death upon the cross ...
it 's neat when you think about how she wrote it and stuff otherwise the lyrics are kind of
uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh yeah well that 's really neat
It can not be outlawed .
The truth ?
it 's neat when you think about how she wrote it and stuff otherwise the lyrics are kind of
Since 1998 , LSC has initiated and overseen significant structural changes in the number and configuration of LSC-funded programs in order to develop more powerful and effective state delivery systems .
It vibrated under his hand .
Named after the city gentleman and infamous burglar , it is one of the best-known pubs in the city .
yeah i have too and i found it real interesting but
but there 's no uh inscriptions or or dates or anything else
-LRB- In the short run , higher-income taxpayers may pay more taxes , not less , if a capgains rate cut leads them to sell more assets than they otherwise would have done . -RRB-
Jon drew it out and stabbed again in the man 's throat .
yeah i have too and i found it real interesting but
With the gap still of landslide proportions in most polls , Dole has been written off , correctly or otherwise , by the pundits .
So , which one of you ladies wants to go first .
Benchmarked by U.S.
Most recently , GAO reviewed activities of the White House China Trade Relations Working Group , which was established at the request of President Clinton in the exercise of his Constitutional powers .
One or two , replied Tommy modestly , and plunged into his recital .
This makes it incumbent on the government to create incentives to recruit new employees and retain older employees .
Dirt mounds surrounded the pit so that the spectators stood five or six people deep around the edge of the pit .
The almost midtown Massabielle quarter -LRB- faubourg de Massabielle -RRB- , is sometimes described as the most picturesque in the city .
When the two nations divided it up , France got 54 sq km -LRB- 21 sq miles -RRB- and Holland agreed to take just 41 sq km -LRB- 16 sq miles -RRB- , but that included the important salt pond near the Dutch capital of Philipsburg .
Do you know how long we 've been here ? he asked one morning as they sat facing each other at breakfast .
But for some recipients , there is a downside to the checks from Anthem Inc. , issued to policyholders as part of the insurer 's conversion to a publicly traded company .
uh-huh and is it true i mean is it um
I jumped , coat tails flapping .
Grantees statistically sample the cases closed in the previous year to determine if the sampled cases generally meet the requirements for reporting cases to LSC .
The emotional effect is undiminished , and the gory effects are usually horribly creative .
i do n't even know how they figure it really i 'm glad i do n't work in a store
IDAs are special in that low-income savers receive matching funds from federal and state governments as well as private sector organizations as an incentive to save .
and uh as a matter of fact he 's a draft dodger
The man looked at the girl .
The islands ' names refer to the different force winds hitting them , not their topography .
Folklore of Ibiza
The students ' reaction was swift and contentious , as if their feelings had been hurt .
One of these walls , the Western Wall , is today a major reminder of Jerusalem 's greatness under Herod .
They look just as good as new . '' They cut them carefully and ripped away the oilskin .
Text Box 2.1 : Gross Domestic Product and Gross National Product 48Text Box 4.1 : How do the NIPA and federal unified budget concepts of
For a second , I thought the crowd might provide me with some cover , or at least slow my pursuers down with its sheer density .
These revelations were embarrassing to Clinton 's opponents , wrote the Washington Post . The Sun-Times quoted Rahm Emanuel , Stephanopoulos ' successor , on the From Day One I always thought this was politically motivated and had politics written all over it ; after five years , it is nice to have the truth catch up with the president 's political opponents .
A muckraking cover story investigates how the Pentagon disposes of surplus weapons -LRB- the short badly -RRB- .
At the western end of Cowgate -LRB- where it meets Holyrood Road -RRB- , you will see one of the few remaining sections of Edinburgh 's old city wall -LRB- Flodden Wall -RRB- , built following the Lang Siege of the 1570s .
Czesiek had suitable experience in the matter .
Nash showed up for an MIT New Year 's Eve party clad only in a diaper .
South Carolina has no referendum right , so the Supreme Court canceled the vote and upheld the ban .
` Would you like some tea ? '
Complacency came easily after a couple of weeks without capture .
A Newsday story on this incident reports that , Toobin said through a Random House spokesman ...
As with other types of internal controls , this is a cycle of activity , not an exercise with a defined beginning and end .
You will need-all of you will need-to be highly visible personally and professionally .
What about the hole ? '' They scanned the cliff-side narrowly .
Much of Among Giants affords an agreeable blend of the gritty and the synthetic , and the two main actors are a treat .
While documenting the basis for judgments can be more difficult than documenting nonjudgmental information , overall the chain of evidence or audit trail techniques should not pose any greater difficulty for GAO evaluators than our documentation procedures for other evaluation methods .
You see , he said sadly , `` you have no instincts . ''
I feel that you probably underestimate the danger , and therefore warn you again that I can promise you no protection .
Once the pious devotions are over , however , wine flows , fireworks explode , espetada -LRB- kebab -RRB- stalls flourish , and Monte regains normality for another 363 days .
Everybody has this quote from NBA commissioner David You can not strike your boss and still hold your job -- unless you play in the NBA .
One of the city 's attractions is the shopping center around the Place Darcy and Rue de la Libert ?? , where you can hunt for such regional delicacies as the famous mustards ; pain d' ?? pices -LRB- gingerbread -RRB- ; and cassis , the blackcurrant liqueur that turns an ordinary white wine into a deliciously refreshing kir .
If necessary to meeting the restrictions imposed in the preceding sentence , the Administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the basic Phase II allowance allocations for each unit subject to the requirements of section 414 .
The next year , he was expelled from Rand as a security risk after local police caught him engaging in a lewd act in a public men 's room near Muscle Beach .
Always Sacrilegious , Always Coca-Cola . -RRB-
Maybe in that sense , the behavior of the Pippens and Iversons of the world is defensible .
Splendid !
And you are wrong in condemning it .
She , in turn , was worshipped by her subjects as a living god .
Based on field observations and some discussions with U.S.
that 's their signal
See you Aug. 12 , or soon thereafter , we hope .
On my honour , I will hang him as high as Haman ! ''
and to have children and just get a day care or someone to take care of it and not really have the bonding process that takes place with babies and stuff you know
Could you please speak to this issue , with regard to the social ramifications of gum chewing in public ?
was it bad
Friendly Fire , by Joe Lovano and Greg Osby -LRB- Blue Note Records -RRB- .
Land of Lincoln helped Tasha Johnson of Marion get Social Security benefits to support her four children after the 29-year-old woman was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma , a type of cancer , she said .
You did not understand that he believed Mademoiselle Cynthia guilty of the crime ?
Troyes is also a center for shopping , with two outlet centers selling both French and international designer-name fashions and home accessories .
Alonissos has been settled longer than any other Aegean island , estimated by archaeologists to date from 100,000 b.c. , and was valued by many leaders in classical Greek times .
From the corner of his eye he saw Jamus look over the broken mare .
Under Ferdinand and Isabella , Spain underwent a dramatic transformation .
She leaned back in her chair .
it it i think that is the biggest problem when you really not you do n't do n't really need the stuff but the nicer looking clothes are the more expensive nicely tailored clothes
We should seek to achieve the most good or benefit , with the least harm and destruction of things that we value , he argued .
We need to look at the implications that these differing roles have for a range of issues , such as SES core competencies , performance standards , recruitment sources , mobility , and training and development programs .
The Varanasi Hindu University has an Art Museum with a superb collection of 16th-century Mughal miniatures , considered superior to the national collection in Delhi .
TIG funds support the Technology Evaluation Project , an initiative of the Legal Aid Society of Cincinnati .
yeah i was in Peru Peru but um i there were n't as i recall or at least i was n't aware of that many Americans there except for a very heavy concentration of Peace Corps volunteers this was when the Peace Corps first are started and it was one of the big targets
If not the most beautiful , the chateau is certainly the most formidable in the Loire Valley , a real defensive fortress , its black ramparts still forbidding despite having had their towers decapitated on the orders of Henri III .
But , as the last problem I 'll outline suggests , neither of the previous two objections matters .
no i i i do n't i it completely beyond me i went to my under graduate uh education
The 28 sta?tues representing the kings of Judah and Israel have been remodeled after the drawings of Viollet-le-Duc ; the original ones were pulled down during the Revolution , since they were thought to be the kings of France .
It was planned in the 1820s as a symbol of Scottish national pride and designed as a mini-Parthenon , in deference to the neoclassical style popular at the time .
they ought to take all them little misdemeanor people let them go let them go
While the NIPA measure reflects how government saving affects national saving available for investment , the unified budget measure is the more common frame of reference for discussing federal fiscal policy issues .
Your speeches are inflammatory .
No , John , I said , `` it is n't one of us .
There were maybe three hundred people present .
We must re-examine the base , including our current human capital policies and practices .
uh we 've gotten a little Atari computer uh husband describes it as a a computer with training wheels
oh yes how well i know i was laid off last year but i was i was lucky because i was one of the first groups to go
oh that 's accommodating
The pieces are unloaded and fed into sorting machines .
well i hear my kids are needing me again so i 'll go see what they need and we 'll maybe talk to you again
2 . Receiving Water Samples
or they had somebody at home that was ill that they had to tend to i mean you ca n't make it everybody
he 's not a starter
Beside the fortress lies an 18th-century caravanserai , or inn , which has been converted into a hotel , and now hosts regular folklore evenings of Turkish dance and music .
The village is tiny and a total contrast to the bustle of the Trenchtown ghetto in Kingston , where he lived as a recording superstar .
Paroseas cave , reef , and wreck diving around its shores , giving the diver a wide range of environments to explore .
But you might as well see for yourself if you do n't believe me . The note , in Tuppence 's well-known schoolboy writing , ran as follows : `` DEAR JULIUS , `` It 's always better to have things in black and white .
go up to state parks with six shelters and little screened in areas and then travel trailers and all the way up to conference center type campings that have uh you know air conditioning like hotels with uh
not only that but they do n't pay the money either
Through the opt-out approach , Texas attorneys contributed $ 1 million this year , doubling 2001 contributions .
Though the two cities remained unlinked by rail , this was about to change quickly .
There is an exhibition of highland dress , showing how it developed through the centuries .
His arm came up over his eyes , cutting off the glare .
While documenting the basis for judgments can be more difficult than documenting nonjudgmental information , overall the chain of evidence or audit trail techniques should not pose any greater difficulty for GAO evaluators than our documentation procedures for other evaluation methods .
They capitalized on the natural resources by using the salt to cure fish , which they exported to their home country .
Folklore of Ibiza
But if you do , kill them .
yep that 's what he 's worried about the trees or a bush because lilac bushes they they grow fast some people uh would really like to have them and then the people that do have them they spread and they sprout all over their their lawn
That 's the second time you 've made that sort of remark .
Text box 4.1 describes how the NIPA and unified budget concepts differ .
Indeed , recent economic research suggests that investment in information technology explains most of the acceleration in labor productivity growth-a major component of overall economic growth-since 1995 .
The Fray 's reputation as a home for hostile , rude , and mean-spirited exchanges suffered a severe beating at the hands of the Reading thread , which was so civilized that participants suggested taking insulin shots afterward .
Despite huge projected increases in food production , per capita food consumption in South Asia , the Middle East , and the less-developed nations of Africa will scarcely improve or will actually decline below present inadequate levels .
LASNNY is one of the oldest and most cost-effective legal services organizations in the United States .
Such a knowledgebased process enables decision makers to be reasonably certain about critical facets of the product under development when they need this knowledge .
yes everybody in the country is preapproved i think
right well the preseason really does n't mean anything either
His vigorous strides soon enabled him to gain upon them , and by the time he , in his turn , reached the corner the distance between them was sensibly lessened .
it 's just it 's the morals of the people which i mean i guess we everybody 's responsible for the society but if i had a child that that did things so bad it 's not they do n't care about anybody these people they 're stealing from they 're just the big bad rich guy
We are assured of success ? ''
Is there adequate information for judging generalizability ?
i like the Moody Blues
uh-huh i i thought they did an excellent job of actually aging the person you know from when he was a little kid to little older to little older to except the last the very last you know the last person the last actor that played the kid
but uh these guys were actually on the road uh two thousand miles from from home when they had to file their uh their final exams and send them in
What seems to be a special bargain price for just one week only could turn out to be a year-round con .
It is the official solution , Liq .
8th circa b.c.Greeks colonize Sicily and other southern regions
The riotous revelry roars right past Mardi Gras -LRB- Shrove Tuesday -RRB- when red-costumed children star as devils , to its peak on Ash Wednesday .
i wonder how they kept up with them though it seemed like the buffaloes were moving so fast i guess they graze though that would n't have been a problem
Arafat is also ailing and has no clear successor .
The two programs are currently housed in buildings about a block apart .
They proclaimed Japan 's mission to bring progress to its backward Asian neighbors in language not so very different from that of the Europeans in Africa or the US in Latin America .
She hardly needs to mention it -- the media bring it up anyway -- but she invokes it subtly , alluding -LRB- as she did on two Sunday talk shows -RRB- to women who drive their daughters halfway across the state to shake my hand , a woman they dare to believe in .
during the whole war he never put out like a conservation a conservation effort for oil
This site provides information links , tools , and resources developed for the benefit of the audit profession , including audit programs , best practices , and research services .
This one-at-a-time , uncoordinated series of regulatory requirements for the power industry is not the optimal approach for the environment , the power generation sector , or American consumers .
Four or five from the town rode past , routed by their diminished numbers and the fury of the Kal and Thorn .
-LRB- j -RRB- Promotional items a member receives as a consequence of using travel or transportation services procured by the United States or accepted pursuant to 31
The Lake District is not the place to come if you want lots of action into the early morning hours .
The baby 's father responded by filing a wrongful death suit .
no uh i have a friend who works for TI and uh i work for a a tire service here in i 'm from Dallas
For more sweeping panoramas , you can hike for less than an hour to either summit Petit-Bourg -LRB- 716 m/2 ,349 ft -RRB- or Pigeon -LRB- 770 m/2 ,526 ft -RRB- .
News argues that most of America 's 93 million volunteers are n't doing much good .
LSC set a deadline of October 1 , 1998 , for submission of state planning reports .
From the Index : Average number of public school students expelled each school day last year for gun 34 .
Title IV of the Clean Air Act -LRB- relating to acid deposition control -RRB-
She graduated in 1995 owing $ 58,000 in loans .
I like ethnic humor .
Zoom-out vs. zoom - Ever since Roe , pro-life posters and pamphlets have depicted isolated fetuses .
The questions may need to be tailored to
Indiana Legal Services -LRB- ILS -RRB- Executive Director Norman Metzger and Colleen Cotter , Director of the ILS Indiana Justice Center , were marvelous hosts .
Moreover , these excise taxes , like other taxes , are determined through the exercise of the power of the Government to compel payment .
But it 's for us to get busy and do something . ''
Hearty Sabbath meals .
After the purge of foreigners , only a few stayed on , strictly confined to Dejima Island in Nagasaki Bay .
When asked about the Bible 's literal account of creation , as opposed to the attractive concept of divine creation , every major Republican presidential candidate -- even Bauer -- has squirmed , ducked , and tried to steer the discussion back to faith , morals , and the general idea that humans were created in the image of God .
um yeah that sounds kind of neat uh is location at all important to you like you know how far it is from your house or whatever
Thus , the imbalance in the volume of mail exchanged magnifies the effect of the relatively higher rates in these countries .
There are slave irons , traditional island costumes , and an interesting French map of 1778 showing the theatre de la guerre -LRB- theater of war -RRB- between the Americans and the British .
There is a roller coaster up there as well , but experienced riders consider it too slow and uneventful despite the altitude .
Two clues in the Pennsylvania 1 -RRB- The boy had said , I 'm going to go to the dinner dance and kill some people .
But you will find it all right . ''
Smart men make good thieves , as long as they 're desperate .
and maybe we 'll run across each other again
get something from from the Guess Who or
Perhaps all we can say of great acting is that it involves assimilation rather than accumulation , that the performer is n't so much a surrogate as a vessel .
We should n't have been here as soon as this even , if it had n't been for the fact that there was a smart doctor on the spot , who gave us the tip through the Coroner .
The experts point out that it is not age alone that determines a Chinese antique 's value the dynasties of the past had their creative ups and downs .
Instead of indulging in the usual teary nostalgia about baseball -LRB- that means you , Ken Burns -RRB- , Will considered it as a craft , explaining exactly why a manager calls a hit-and-run now and not on the next pitch , how a pitcher sets up his fastball , why a shortstop moves in a step for one kind of double play and out a step for another .
the wagon man got killed when they attacked him
i can believe i can believe that
And yet , we still lack a set of global accounting and reporting standards that reflects the globalization of economies , enterprises , and markets .
I feel , though , that I should like to point out to you once more the risks you are running , especially if you pursue the course you indicate .
Many Greeks in Asia Minor were forced to leave their homes and brought an influence of eastern cadences with them .
yeah i it just totally ridiculous i mean the Israeli 's could have fixed the whole problem years ago if they just sent sent their guys in there and killed Saddam
Several pro-life Dems are mounting serious campaigns at the state level , often against pro-choice Republicans .
` For one thing , Mr. Franklin , you appear to be taking your...re-actualisation ... extremely well . '
The Joint Venture which has so amply justified itself by success ! '' It was drunk with acclamation .
Second , Clinton has n't used the bully pulpit to speak out against drug use nearly as often as his two predecessors did .
And really it 's a great relief to think he 's going , Hastings , continued my honest friend .
no i i even i enjoy reading T News i try to catch it because it 's another example they just they just show you the words and the facts and they they do n't offer any commentary and it gives me a quick chance to to be caught up during the day because you know we do n't listen to the radio at work at all so i do n't like to go the whole day without hearing anything
H-2A aliens , as the only category of eligible aliens who reside in the United States temporarily , are particularly affected by the issue before the Commission because of their necessarily short periods of time in the United States .
all they you know thinking that they 're going to have money and jobs and success and everything and then they then there is no jobs and they end up homeless and not knowing anybody and no money and it 's terrible
in our town of five thousand we have one that is uh local FM AM station and their news is fed from CNN too uh it 's more of uh
The museum is open from 9am to 1pm and 2 to 5pm Monday to Friday -LRB- with audio-visual shows in the afternoon -RRB- , and on Saturday mornings .
A group of guys went out for a drink after work , and sitting at the bar was a real a 6 foot blonde with a fabulous face and figure to match .
Against his own advice , Ca ` daan dared to stare off the edge once as they neared the end .
i 've yeah i 've done it before and when i was in high in high school and college and thoroughly enjoyed it and and it 's really a a blast my wife hates it but that 's the way life is i guess
In a new retrospective , the Vienna modernist -LRB- 1890-1918 -RRB- wins critics ' grudging respect .
It was worth the trip for that .
He says men are here .
Ile de R ??
The data would be presented as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the consolidated financial statements of the Federal Government but not in individual reports of its component units .
That , too , was locked or bolted on the inside .
Students of human misery can savor its underlying sadness and futility .
well that 's not why i got it right how do you like your tread mill
Mr. Inglethorp , said the Coroner , `` you have heard your wife 's dying words repeated here .
It was still night .
Scutari is traditionally associated with the name of Florence Nightingale .
On your right is the entrance to the 16th-century Sandal Bedesten , with lovely brick vaults supported on massive stone pillars .
I think it is important for everyone to understand the extent to which First-Class mail is already carrying a disproportionate share of the institutional cost or overhead burden of the postal system .
It is constrained by laws and regulations formulated by Congress over more than two centuries .
The red moon made her skin glow .
and they 're more independent and there 's things to do then it 's good for them to go to different i mean it he goes to a a mother 's day out program now once a week both of my kids do
what do you think about uh about our new governor since she happens to be a female
Splendid !
The analyses comply with the informational requirements of the sections including the classes of small entities subject to the rule and alternatives considered to reduce the burden on the small entities .
She has believed that the sleeping draught she administered was perfectly harmless , but there is no doubt that for one terrible moment she must have feared that Mrs. Inglethorp 's death lay at her door .
Since the rules were issued as interim rules and not as general notices of proposed rulemaking , they are not subject to the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 .
It 's a great novelty , but very expensive .
There are many homes built into the hillsides ; some have been converted into art galleries and shops selling collectibles .
than the passage of time , the rate of inflation , or geographic location , as so often is the case today .
Each caters to a specific crowd , so hunt around until you find the one right for you .
The Kal nodded .
i think the rate of processing is just about uh reached the rate of housing anyway so keep the keep the normal as it is ca n't upset the system very much
the only problem is it 's not large enough it only holds about i think they squeezed when Ryan struck out his five thousandth player they they squeezed about forty thousand people in there
Another alternative is that our heroes were pursuing the noble goal of academics everywhere -- tenure .
Legal Services Corp. , 02-CV-3866 , names as defendants the national Legal Services Corp. , which distributes federal grants to providers , and Legal Services of New Jersey , which distributes state money .
9th circa b.c.First signs of pre-Roman Etruscans
The house fell into ruin after emancipation , when fear of the witch 's influence drove the plantation 's slaves away .
Control activities occur at all levels and functions of the entity .
Pick up a map from the tourist office here and ask about walking tours .
but i 've lived up here all my life and i 'm fifty eight years old so i i could
The ITC has enlisted legal services attorneys from across the state to manage each of the 12 categories , and those volunteers will organize contributions and add them to a searchable database .
i think they prey on people 's um inherent politeness on the phone even with a machine i find people being kind of polite and waiting for it to finish what it has to say and then they feel an obligation to respond even though there 's not even a person there
yeah its too open yeah and there 's uh they have got some forty to fifty foot high cliffs around Possum Kingdom and you just get up and ski uh adjacent to those and uh and it does n't make any difference how windy it is you do n't notice it
The activities included in the Unified Agenda are , in general , those expected to have a regulatory action within the next 12 months , although agencies may include activities with an even longer time frame .
yeah i mean this this Escort even when the head gasket went i mean it would start first time every time
yeah well are you you with TI
Look , there 's a legend here .
right and that was back in nineteen fifty nine
We saw a whole new model develop - a holistic approach to lawyering , one-stop shopping , she said .
And truly , the father was right , his son had already experienced everything , tried everything , and was interested in less and less .
The Wall Street Journal Business Bulletin has a fact that dramatizes how profoundly well-off this country is -- Americans throw out approximately 12 percent of the stuff they buy at the supermarket .
Agency officials stated that copies of both the initial and the final analysis were submitted to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the Small Business Administration as required by section 605 -LRB- b -RRB- .
He leaned over Tommy , his face purple with excitement .
And it was exactly on such a day , as this carefully selected Wednesday -LRB- which blushed from this distinction -RRB- , that the mini-anti-aggressor was going to make the biggest of impressions .
Beginning with his unsuccessful reconnoitring at Bournemouth , he passed on to his return to London , the buying of the car , the growing anxieties of Tuppence , the call upon Sir James , and the sensational occurrences of the previous night .
Even the most aged and infirm travel here to die , for nothing is more blessed for a devout Hindu than to die in the great waters of the Varanasi and thus be released from the eternal cycle of rebirth .
appropriate agency representatives , help resolve
They 're both excited about it ...
He fled in his car when cops arrived and led them on a chase that ended in the massive crash .
Yes , undoubtedly the hand of Mr. Brown ! Mr. Carter paused .
He reverted to his former point of view .
Closed on Friday .
Don Saunders attended from the NLADA .
They greatly outnumber the 6,500-odd human inhabitants mostly white , many the descendants of Huguenots from Brittany and Normandy .
we have tickets waiting for us
We have taken a number of steps to empower and invest in our employees .
I lay awake waiting until I judged it must be about two o'clock in the morning .
As he emerged , Boris remarked , glancing up at the clock : `` You are early .
Leather Wares
Although it ceased to be a political capital in 1707 -LRB- when Scotland joined with England to create the United Kingdom -RRB- , Edinburgh was at the forefront of intellectual debate .
So he clearly found a way to project a bandwagon of strength without putting U.S. troops on the line .
This is Susan .
Designed by George Meikle Kemp , an unknown draftsman of humble birth , the monument took its inspiration from the design of MelroseAbbey .
`` So your girl writes that your little farewell activity did n't fare so well , eh ? '' he chortled .
In fact , the sloping shoulder was the noticeable feature of the new clothes of the Dior era , coming as it did immediately in the wake of the Joan Crawford/Rosalind Russell period and its vigorous shoulder padding .
COST ASSIGNMENT - A process that identifies costs with activities , outputs , or other cost objects .
Who are these sons of eggs ?
` Not entirely , ' I snapped , harsher than intended .
Although claims data provide the most accurate information about health care use , ensuring adequate follow-up for purposes of obtaining information from patient self-report is important because many people do not report alcohol-related events to insurance compa-nies .
In addition to the arguments previously advanced by the Vice Presidentas representatives and addressed in our June 22 letter to the Counsel to the Vice President -LRB- see Enclosure 1 -RRB- , the Vice Presidentas August 2 letter to the Congress asserts that the study is not authorized by statute because GAO is limited to looking at the aresults - of programs and that GAO does not have a right of access to documents because the Vice President is not included under the term aagency - used in GAOas statute .
When Jesus was born in about 4 b.c. , Joseph and Mary escaped Herod 's paranoia by fleeing into Egypt with the new-born infant .
Do n't remember .
`` Give it to me . '' He handed it to her .
But you have to have money to save it , and not many couples with young children have the luxury of tucking away $ 2,000 apiece annually for their Golden Years .
And yet , we still lack a set of global accounting and reporting standards that reflects the globalization of economies , enterprises , and markets .
because i i mean i do n't know it 's just something i think something we need
we have tickets waiting for us
i think we have too thank you very much you too bye-bye
INTEREST RATE - The price charged per unit of money borrowed per year , or other unit of time , usually expressed as a percentage .
Snap Judgment
In Temple Bar , the bookshop at the Gallery of Photography carries a large selection of photographic publications , and the Flying Pig is a secondhand bookshop .
GAO also issued over 160 reports detailing specific findings and made over 100 recommendations to agencies and to the President 's Council on Year 2000 Conversion for improving the government 's readiness .
and they have a bar also which is always crowded as can be but it 's it 's an specially fine restaurant and when you consider they take no plastic or checks
In a magical space looking out over the sea , the beautifully sculpted columns of the cloister create a perfect framework of grace and delicacy for a moment 's meditation .
The remaining parts of the north , although enticing , are difficult to explore .
Tuppence frowned .
Ceter of the national aerosece industry , with a vigorous local culture and bright and breezy street life , this university city has an infectious enthusiasm to it .
All the steps of data reduction and coding are described , along with the basis for transformations in these steps .
We are concerned that the significant emissions reductions are required too quickly .
You wonder whether he could win a general election coming out of the right lane of the Democratic Party .
The analysis also addresses the various alternatives to the final rule which were considered , including differing compliance or reporting requirements , use of performance rather than design standards , and an exemption for small entities from coverage of the rule .
Jon took Susan to the mother of the boy who had befriended her .
This is my old friend , Monsieur Poirot , whom I have not seen for years . ''
apparently apparently the appraisers likes it because our taxes sure is high is n't it it really is
His ruthless campaigns resulted in more than 600,000 Irish dead or deported .
senior management oversight and approval ofRequired acquisition objectives and plans .
Although I 'm certain it amused Scott Shuger -LRB- an amusing guy , to judge by the terrific Today 's Papers -RRB- to join the ranks of those who have publicly disparaged Linda Tripp , the fact remains that nothing in his piece , , reflects at all on Tripp herself .
The interior of the palace is very dark , and the use of flash is forbidden , so photographers should think twice before paying the extra fee for bringing in a camera or video equipment .
and that you 're very much right but the jury may or may not see it that way so you get a little anticipate you know anxious there and go well you know
Be of good cheer ,
-LSB- I -RSB- n You 're the Top Porter does not capitalize on the text 's potential for realism .
Of the four main buildings , all of them whitewashed and decorated with bright painted sculptures , the first is where the worshippers bring offerings of flowers and fruit , the second is for sacred dances , and the third for viewing the divine effigies , which are enshrined in the sanctum of the fourth and tallest edifice .
The company later told us that it had discontinued the program because of its adverse effect on employee morale .
Perhaps North Africans and eastern Europeans peopled the Ligurian coast , while the Adriatic and south may have been settled by people from the Balkans and Asia Minor .
The conspiracy-minded allege that the chains also leverage their influence to persuade the big publishers to produce more blockbusters at the expense of moderate-selling books .
Only trouble was , they had infinite ammunition ... we only had so many bullets .
For example , Bruce Barton 's The Man Nobody Knows , a best seller in 1925-26 , portrays Jesus as the ultimate businessman .
Even analysts who had argued for loosening the old standards , by which the market was clearly overvalued , now think it has maxed out for a while .
A 1997 Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation survey found that Americans in managed care plans are basically content with their own care .
yeah and then about every five years you have to dig them up and throw them away and start over again they do n't last forever
Had we had more money we would have facilitated more conferences .
On the Use of Generalized Additive Models in Time-Series Studies of Air Pollution and Health .
Waterloo .
Of the four main buildings , all of them whitewashed and decorated with bright painted sculptures , the first is where the worshippers bring offerings of flowers and fruit , the second is for sacred dances , and the third for viewing the divine effigies , which are enshrined in the sanctum of the fourth and tallest edifice .
Now they 're telling mothers to deny food to infants all night long once the kids are a few months old .
The park is a graceful and elegant expanse with fine views of the mountains , much loved by Dubliners since it was first opened to the public in 1747 .
I 'd noticed him more than once and I 'd figured it out in my own mind that he was afraid of somebody or something .
Then I considered .
Even though national saving remains relatively low by U.S. historical standards , economic growth in recent years has been high because more and better investments were made .
NONFEDERAL PHYSICAL PROPERTY ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September
Diamonds are graded from D to X , with only D , E , and F considered good , D being colorless or river white , J slightly tinted , Q light yellow , and S to X yellow .
i think there would be an awful lot of resentment and um i i really do n't think it would be feasible on our country
IDPA 's OIG 's mission is to prevent , detect , and eliminate fraud , waste , abuse , and misconduct in various payment programs .
but uh that has been the major change that we have noticed in gardening and that 's about the extent of what we 've done just a little bit on the patio and uh and waiting for the the rain to subside so we can mow we after about a month we finally got to mow this weekend
In its submission , HCFA did not identify any other statute or executive order imposing procedural requirements relevant to the rule .
3 -RRB- The gap between the productivity of women and the productivity of men .
The truth ?
Instead , the task of defending Bradley fell to Erving , who shrugged that it 's probably a debatable issue , but knowing Sen.
you do n't think it 's a deterrent
John Kasich dropped his presidential bid .
Even the lower limit of that differential compounds to a hefty sum over time .
uh there 's uh some very nice places like the bass which is a uh sort of a huge monolithic rocks that you can you can walk up the beach and into these uh enormous caverns that are partially submerged and you can wade in the pools and so forth very popular tourist spot
Built in a.d. 715 to help measure the peak and trough of the Nile flood .
I 'd noticed him more than once and I 'd figured it out in my own mind that he was afraid of somebody or something .
Shortly after stepping out on the bridge , Jon felt the entire walkway narrow .
On the second point , Judge Newton said in a recent interview , I 've heard this complaint a hundred times .
However unsatisfactory and over-argued the revisionist case , it did make one serious that the United States had clear national and economic interests and found the Cold War an unusually congenial way to pursue them .
The new rights are nice enough
and you fry them with garlic and a little bit of couple dashes of hot pepper
I turned a curve and I was just in time to see him ring the bell and get admitted to the house .
But they reached a shrubbery near the house quite unmolested .
well we bought this with credit too well we found it with a clearance uh down in Memphis i guess and uh
and and so you know like every other day or or so they have like movies for a dollar Sometimes they 're even free i think uh they showed uh Chima Para Diso free
i was trying to think about some of my favorite people that i liked in music and they 're none of them are recent right
On top is a broad plateau 650 metres -LRB- 2,132 feet -RRB- long by 300 metres -LRB- 984 feet -RRB- wide .
There are also dozens of fabulous pictures .
John Panzar has characterized street delivery as a bottleneck function because a single firm can deliver to a recipient at a lower total cost than multiple firms delivering to the same customer .
This one ended up being surprisingly easy !
Tax purists would argue that the value of the homemakers ' hard work -- and the intrafamily benefits they presumably receive in return for it -- should , in fact , be treated as income and taxed , just like the wages paid to outside service providers such as baby sitters and housekeepers .
In DOD 's current acquisition environment , the customer is willing to trade time and money for the highest performing weapon system possible .
Well , shut it then , laughed the woman .
It is extremely dangerous to Every trip to the store becomes a temptation .
I went on , ` I 'm going to warn you , whether you like it or not .
In 1995 and again in 1998 , the Legal Services Corporation recognized that legal services programs were going to have to change the method and manner in which they conducted their business if they were going to remain viable and responsive to the needs of low income persons .
The streets are crammed with vendors selling shrine offerings of sweets , curds , and coconut , as well as garlands and holy images .
Also , considerable sums are spent by the Postal Service analyzing the costs associated with worksharing , and mailers/competitors incur considerable expense litigating their positions on worksharing before the Postal Rate Commission .
Five years ago , Speaker-elect Newt Gingrich promised to make important information available online at the same moment that it is available to the highest-paid Washington lobbyist .
He was waiting for the Scotland Yard men .
Nowadays , a poverty lawyer working for one of New York 's many agencies representing the indigent - including Legal Aid , the South Brooklyn Legal Services , the Lawyers Alliance for New York , InMotion , the Lawyers Committee for Human Rights , Volunteers of Legal Service , the Bronx Defenders and New York Lawyers for the Public Interest - might begin his or her career at $ 32,000 per annum , compared with the $ 125,000 average first-year associate salary at the city 's larger firms .
Despite their many similarities , Koreans and Japanese have long been mutually hostile and have pointed to the vast differences between their languages as proof that they lack a shared ancestry .
It was utterly mad .
Meet the Press host Tim Russert took his Christmas vacation five days early by letting Rep.
Closed on Friday .
He looks so awfully tired and bored , and yet you feel that underneath he 's just like steel , all keen 38 and flashing .
This was the site of the Bateau-Lavoir studio , an unprepossessing glass-roofed loft reconstructed since a 1970 fire .
The guidelines do not apply to inpatient hospital services and hospice services and will be used by Medicare fiscal intermediaries to determine the maximum allowable costs of the therapy services .
Another thing those early French and Dutch settlers agreed upon was that their island should be free of levies on any imported goods .
This one-at-a-time , uncoordinated series of regulatory requirements for the power industry is not the optimal approach for the environment , the power generation sector , or American consumers .
It has a full program of events , including lectures .
Research and development is composed of
-LRB- The employee was later rehired , and Bob denies the charge . -RRB-
They were quite , tetanic in character . ''
In general , six elements appear purpose , type of data collected , method of data collection , design , method of data analysis , and reporting .
In a moment or two he was back .
There are factory showrooms in the Pedder Building , 12 Pedder Street , in Central .
The unintended side effect is radical , direct In what other state do voters set the tax rates ?
yeah well i 'm a hot weather person i 'm i can take the heat but i do n't like the cold
eThe number of deletions was negligible .
I hope that all key parties will take the necessary steps to address any real and perceived problems that serve to undercut public trust and confidence .
The credibility of the United States working with its European partners in NATO is on the line .
i do n't know what kind of a summer we 're expecting this year i imagine it 's going to be hot again
kind of kind of nothing i wo n't have anything to do with
A rusty iron gate swinging dismally on its hinges !
Because the paper did not say that .
Complacency came easily after a couple of weeks without capture .
The fancifully decorated Macau Palace , a floating casino moored on the western waterfront , is fitted out with gambling tables , slot machines -LRB- known locally as hungry tigers -RRB- and , for hungry humans , a restaurant .
Huntington -- like Buchanan -- claims not to be a cultural He is defending the integrity of all cultures , theirs and ours .
Recent SAB deliberations on mortality and morbidity valuation approaches suggest that some adjustments to unit values are appropriate to reflect economic theory -LRB- EPA-SAB-EEAC-00-013 , 2000 -RRB- .
yeah okay yeah those games are fun to watch you you you watch those games
In 1923 , Turkey broke away from the tired Ottoman rulers , and Kemal Ataturk rose to power on a wave of popular support .
The basic elements of life in the Aegean began to come together as early as 5000 b.c. , and were already in place by the late Bronze Age -LRB- c.
have that well and it does n't seem like very many people uh are really i mean there 's a lot of people that are on death row but there 's not very many people that actually um do get killed
Increased saving by current generations would expand the nation 's capital stock , allowing future generations to better afford the nation 's retirement costs while also enjoying higher standards of living .
' She gets a little obsessive about her sauce .
When he 's ready for a major strike , how many innocents do you suppose are going to suffer ? To quote one of your contemporaries ; ` The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few . ' '
-LRB- Never mind the strictest reading , which supposes that creation took a week . -RRB-
Where lies the real Japan ?
However , if people can readily withdraw money from tax-preferred accounts for purposes other than retirement , there is no assurance that tax incentives would ultimately enhance individuals ' retirement security .
The notable thing for me about the Left Behind series -- beside the fact that few in the secular media have noticed that millions of Americans are busy reading books warning about the imminence of one-world government , mass death , and the return of the Messiah , is that all the Jewish characters are Christian .
Against his own advice , Ca ` daan dared to stare off the edge once as they neared the end .
The castle itself comprises an early 17th-century tower house , restored with Irish oak from the park which is held together without a single nail .
But is the Internet so miraculous an advertising vehicle that Gross will be able to siphon off $ 400 per person from total ad spending of $ 1,000 per family -- or persuade advertisers to spend an additional $ 400 to reach each of his customers ?
Decline in total expenditure -LRB- income -RRB- elasticity of demand from 0.36 to 0.25 over same period .
FDA suggests there may be an association between BSE and a form of human TSE known as new variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease .
The event is the definition of a crowd pleaser , replete with appearances by the Rockettes , the Mormon Tabernacle Choir , and Santa Claus -LRB- the act is n't entirely without bite ; there 's also a very funny moment involving a heart attack -RRB- .
yeah okay yeah those games are fun to watch you you you watch those games
The rise of the British Empire in India had begun .
Then Shuman claims that Linux provides no graphical user interface .
The credibility of the United States working with its European partners in NATO is on the line .
The biography itself , which uses unpublished diaries and untapped Cuban government archives , is praised for having done a masterly job in evoking Che 's complex character , in separating the man from the myth -LRB- Peter Canby , the New York Times Book Review -RRB- . The Weekly Standard 's Stephen Schwartz calls it tainted for having received official support from the Castro regime and for abetting a Che revival .
He reported masterfully on the '72 campaign and the Hell 's Angels .
However , the extent to which these comments were electronically available and the role that this access played in the rulemaking process varied substantially .
The association 's mission is to reduce the incidence of fraud and white-collar crime through prevention and education .
But anyway , never underestimate the power of hypocrisy .
Near Jerusalem
Traditionally , certain designs were reserved for royalty , but today elegant geometric or exuberant , stylized floral patterns are available to all .
oh wow no i just started about well five years ago i think
In the market proper , spices and grain are piled up in multi-colored mountains ; merchants chant as they measure out separate lots of five kilos three , three , three , four , four , four , and five , five , five .
um-hum they have socialized socialized health care
There should be someone here who knew more of what was going on in this world than he did now .
oh that might be kind of interesting is it
-LRB- Cohen 1999 -RRB- Although many observers would view this as an extreme step it could reduce costs and allow increased efficiencies .
i think that the people that are um have um a lower income which you automatically equate with lower education
A poll of Hong Kong residents finds them sanguine about the city 's future .
Generally , FGD systems tend to be constructed closer to the ground compared to SCR technology retrofits .
it 'll be a nice little bit of money we 're going to
Two aromatic aniseed drinks are also produced locally .
you want to punch the button and go
So he clearly found a way to project a bandwagon of strength without putting U.S. troops on the line .
They just do n't like it as much as men do .
In addition , Saracens invaded the Provencal coast from North Africa , and Magyar armies attacked Lor?raine and Bur?gun?dy .
The national mood is stressed on the octagonal spire of the University 's Rajabai Clocktower , with 24 figures representing the castes of the Maharashtra State , of which Mumbai is the capital .
The air is warm .
I leap ! '' And , in very truth , run and leap he did , gambolling wildly down the stretch of lawn outside the long window .
I like ethnic humor .
Scotland became little more than an English county .
It 's very hard to believe , for anyone who knows me well , but I was actually speechless for a period , Zelon said .
The call is coming from inside the house !
Eighty percent of pagers in the United States were knocked out by a satellite malfunction in space .
finding the latest thing out from my friends is usually the most uh time effective
` Do n't worry , ' he whispered .
and uh it may be a Mexican pizza sometimes both together um along with and see it which is really funny too you know normally she goes straight for vegetables except when she 's having French fries
Possible Clinton had sex with her , but it was n't rape .
okay i guess i 'll get back to my laundry
I guess he thought you 'd turned up your toes .
The day may well come , as Barlow and Dyson seem to believe , when book publishers as we know them will disappear .
Because marginal costs are very low , a newspaper price for preprints might be as low as 5 or 6 cents per piece .
um-hum yeah i saw that for the first time yesterday in the evening
Despite its initial failings , Siegel 's Flamingo survived him , as did mob infiltration of casinos .
When we encounter the young woman again , she has taken a job as the live-in domestic at a huge and crumbling Roman townhouse belonging to an English loner named Jason Kinsky -LRB- David Thewlis -RRB- .
He and his wife had lived at Styles Court in every luxury , surrounded by her care and attention .
And that squatting he does -- it 's as uncomfortable as it looks .
It is not possible to walk up through the water as at Dunn 's River , but steps have been erected at the side of the water to take you to a platform at the foot of the first cascade .
Two aromatic aniseed drinks are also produced locally .
so you know well a lot of the stuff you hear coming from South Africa now and from West Africa that 's considered world music because it 's not particularly using certain types of folk styles
That is exactly what our head coupon issuer Alan Greenspan did in 1987 -- and what I believe he would do again .
The man shifted slightly and cut the spear out of the air .
` These are human lives .
And it needs work too , you know , in case I have to jump out with this parachute from my lil ' blue sports plane for real . '
8 . Jury Nullification .
Founded in 1979 , AFFIRM 's members include information resource management professionals within the federal , academic , and industry sectors .
Pro-Microsoft analysts spin this as a heroic sacrifice , removing the lightning rod whose seemingly disingenuous testimony has ostensibly driven the DOJ to the verge of demanding the company 's breakup .
yeah it 's a U S territory and it 's just we own it or
For instance , mandatory account proposals are more likely to increase private saving because such a program would require households that do not currently save-such as many low-income individuals or families-to place some amount in an individual account .
However , the extent to which these comments were electronically available and the role that this access played in the rulemaking process varied substantially .
Beautiful examples of enamelware , ceramics , and pottery are produced in great abundance , often following a Celtic theme .
A contract that provides for a firm price or in
The loss of technical competence through downsizing was sufficiently pervasive that FFC , in conjunction with TBR and the NAVFAC , conducted the Government/Industry Forum on Capital Facilities and Core Competencies in March 1998 .
were sort of a double sign with a a big miles per hour and a little kilometers per hour type uh marking on the side
We 're going to try something different this morning , said Jon .
You will learn later that the person who usually poured out Mrs. Inglethorp 's medicine was always extremely careful not to shake the bottle , but to leave the sediment at the bottom of it undisturbed .
But a list of who 's better than other people in some aspect or another is not inevitable and does not make the economy any more prosperous or society any richer in other ways .
There are also dozens of fabulous pictures .
In short , most of the whale is incompressible .
She did n't listen .
and see the thing is you know he go out and he 'll spend it when he wants you know and uh uh i 'm afraid to i 'm afraid to use that credit card
At the end of the show is a cluster of popular sportswear with Tommy Hilfiger , Donna Karan , Nautica , the Gap , and such names applied to it .
` Of course . '
If you missed the two top stories in yesterday 's USAT -- the government 's first post-deregulation attempt to preserve competitiveness among airlines and the emergence of a drug that can prevent breast cancer -- they are on the NYT 's front today .
Programs in Michigan and the District of Columbia received one-year grant terms for 2002 .
Enthusiasm for Disney 's Broadway production of The Lion King dwindles .
Very simply .
they might be but not at not at the human factors level
The organizations usually allowed individual members who had changed employers to continue participation .
These alone could have valuable uses .
However , the associated cost is primarily some of the costs of assessing and collecting duties on imported merchandise , such as the salaries of import specialists -LRB- who classify merchandise -RRB- and the costs of processing paperwork .
I was soon strong enough to move .
Shortly after stepping out on the bridge , Jon felt the entire walkway narrow .
Its scorecard included measures for accuracy , speed and timeliness , unit cost , customer satisfaction , and employee development and satisfaction .
Nabatean trading town on the route from Gaza to Petra .
upwards of a mile but Washington is one of my favorite places to visit uh my daughter lives in Arlington and when i go to visit her i love to get out on that bike trail and either ride the bike oh gosh you can ride a bike practically all the way to southern Virginia
no i i just painted
But the most sustained assault on Orientalism 's premises , and on its prestige , came from the left .
Apparently , Greuze was n't worried about needing protection .
A newly unified Christian Spain under the Catholic Monarchs , Ferdinand and Isabella , completed the Reconquest , defeating the only Moorish enclave left on the Iberian peninsula , Granada , in 1492 .
Major journeys from one part of the country to another , say , from Milan to Rome or down to Naples , is most enjoyed by train buffs and travelers with plenty of time , patience , and curiosity .
Lucy screamed , I 've got to know .
After the high emotion of de Gaulle 's march down the Champs-Elys ?? es , the business of post-war reconstruction , though boosted by the generous aid of the Americans ' Mar?shall Plan , proved arduous , and the wartime alliance of de Gaulle 's conservatives and the Communist Party soon broke down .
Pray be seated , mademoiselle .
Are you sure we should take him down there ? ' Greuze asked Natalia .
One he broke back to about the length of his forearm .
yeah well we veered from the subject
but i do n't know you know maybe you could do that for a certain period of time but i mean how long does that kind of a thing take you know to to um say to question the person or to get into their head
My bottom line is that I would recommend the book to students and colleagues and I hope it does well , despite its anti-intellectual p.c.
Auditors are strongly encouraged to comply with the guidance provided by GAGAS .
yeah it 's true it is in in fact i have a friend of mine that moved to North Carolina she 's um an emergency room nurse she does the operating room
Critics call the subject of the film inherently intriguing but complain that it has been marred by the Burnsian sensibility , ...
Gary Oldman turns himself into some sort of gigantic hominid-bat creature and flaps about in Dracula . The Vampire Master in John Carpenter 's Vampires can fly down the road fast enough to catch a speeding car and can stick to the ceiling of a motel room .
It 's absurd but I ca n't help it . Sir James nodded again .
ECONOMETRIC MODEL - An equation or a set of related equations used to analyze economic data through mathematical and statistical techniques .
oh for heaven sakes for the drugs yeah uh-huh
Through the Web site , a total of 1,634 associates donated nearly $ 200,000 to Legal Aid in 2002 .
uh right now we 're actually having uh it 's getting nice i mean it was in the high fifties today but three and a half weeks ago we had an ice storm
Very well '' but it 's all extremely mysterious . We were running into Tadminster now , and Poirot directed the car to the `` Analytical Chemist . '' Poirot hopped down briskly , and went inside .
In addition to the arguments previously advanced by the Vice Presidentas representatives and addressed in our June 22 letter to the Counsel to the Vice President -LRB- see Enclosure 1 -RRB- , the Vice Presidentas August 2 letter to the Congress asserts that the study is not authorized by statute because GAO is limited to looking at the aresults - of programs and that GAO does not have a right of access to documents because the Vice President is not included under the term aagency - used in GAOas statute .
Are you sure we should take him down there ? ' Greuze asked Natalia .
More than 100 judges , lawyers and dignitaries were present for the gathering .
Guards would regulate those who entered and departed .
and the like a guy does it and he has his own pigs
Jon sat down on the ground cross legged .
There was no longer any when you wanted some unbridled adult fun , Las Vegas was the place to be .
Where alternative country runs into trouble is its tendency to ignore what 's durable about country in favor of its stereotypical hay-bales-and-whiskey-bottles shtick .
He did not immediately recognize Tuppence .
True devotees talk shop at even more specialized groups , such as one on Northeastern weather -LRB- ne.weather -RRB- , whose recent conversation topics included the great blizzard of 1978 and the freak snowstorm of May 1977 .
What Ellison is doing here , as Hemingway did , is equating the process of becoming an artist with that of becoming a man .
or just get out and walk uh or even jog a little although i do n't do that regularly but Washington 's a great place to do that
On the easternmost tip of Jamaica stands Morant Point Lighthouse , built in 1841 .
Tax purists would argue that the value of the homemakers ' hard work -- and the intrafamily benefits they presumably receive in return for it -- should , in fact , be treated as income and taxed , just like the wages paid to outside service providers such as baby sitters and housekeepers .
well that 's pretty typical though uh i do n't uh i do n't guess it 's going to be any much different uh than than it has been in the past so i expect uh July and August we 'll see our or uh share of hundred degree days
By then , the program had added Carroll and Grayson counties and the city of Galax and had five attorneys .
Montmartre is lively at night , with famous clubs such as Au Lapin Agile .
and i do n't think they 've repainted since
Strom Thurmond , R-S.C . , celebrated his 95 th birthday by announcing that he will relinquish the chairmanship of the Senate Armed Services Committee a year from now .
That could n't happen in a sane world , either .
A sidebar notes that controversy remains over the Mars meteorite that crashed into Antarctica about 11,000 years While scientists have demolished most of the evidence that the meteorite contained living creatures , they can not explain why the meteorite contains a molecule that on Earth is only produced by biological processes .
Also , the final rule is not intended to have any retroactive effect and administrative procedures must be exhausted prior to any judicial challenge to the provisions of the rule .
The event is the definition of a crowd pleaser , replete with appearances by the Rockettes , the Mormon Tabernacle Choir , and Santa Claus -LRB- the act is n't entirely without bite ; there 's also a very funny moment involving a heart attack -RRB- .
Two bronze lions , carrying out feng shui principles , guard its doors .
oh constantly
The celebrity-obsessed magazine surpasses itself in the post-Oscar issue .
Ca ` daan 's mouth hung open .
Lalley also is enthused about other bar efforts on behalf of the poor , most notably the Legal Assistance Center will operate out of the new courthouse .
Disney CEO Eisner , who 's actually underrated as a pop-culture maven -LRB- he was responsible for Happy Days and Welcome Back , Kotter -RRB- , insists that ABC 's downturn is cyclical and that it will soon return to life .
so we 've been out here well really in the house since December and we 've been uh planting flowers that we could never plant in San Antonio uh
I am due to speak at a meeting at two o'clock .
You 're the Desert Ghost .
This breakdown of PA-Israeli cooperation is the basis for the Israeli complaint that Arafat is culpable for last week 's Jerusalem bombing .
The second missing benefit includes gains in environmental quality , especially improved health benefits .
and i and i may have been the only one that did both because the mentality in Dallas was that you could n't like both you had to like one and hate the other
Last year , that campaign - primarily among private attorneys - drew less than $ 40,000 while the Nashville legal aid fund-raising garnered more than $ 500,000 .
Each state is different , and in some states , intra-state regions differ significantly as well .
The baby 's father responded by filing a wrongful death suit .
A contract that provides for a firm price or in
Jon 's defense began to weaken and slow .
Additional information is provided to help managers incorporate the standards into their daily operations .
All the steps of data reduction and coding are described , along with the basis for transformations in these steps .
no nobody 's going to bother you
The pieces are unloaded and fed into sorting machines .
NIPA had already recognized mineral exploration as investment , and in 1996 , NIPA reclassified government purchases of plant and equipment as investment .
right well there 's yeah there there 's going to be some measure of incentive uh reward or whatever but the reward ultimately ultimately comes down to what you want
The center had become a hodgepodge of unconnected programs -- a day-care center , a library , a nonviolence training school .
i know because i think i 've been reading i read this ten years ago that they were having these big uh um rallies and people would be in the streets flashing signs statehood yes and other people would statehood down the statehood it 's it down there if you 're um familiar with their politics they uh it 's very uh i i do n't know it 's called Latino there they have loudspeakers on their cars and they run down the neighborhood saying vote for you know Pierre he 's or uh Pedro uh Pedro he 's the best it 's it 's really kind of comical
Never know where they wo n't turn up next .
The Lake District is not the place to come if you want lots of action into the early morning hours .
The other bank pays the fund interest based upon tiered account levels , more typical of a large commercial account .
um-hum yes i was amazed we spent the only time we played on our trip was in Douglas Arizona and uh that was just
and uh really they 're about it they 've got a guy named Herb Williams that that i guess sort of was supposed to take the place of uh Tarpley but he uh he just does n't have the offensive skills
they do n't i do n't i do n't work at TI
Fixing current levels of damage would be impossible .
The Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs of OMB approved the
And far , far away - lying still on the tracks - was the back of the train .
Jon took Susan to the mother of the boy who had befriended her .
But if you take it seriously , the anti-abortion position is definitive by definition .
Poor Dave , she said .
Look out for that overseer up there .
Where alternative country runs into trouble is its tendency to ignore what 's durable about country in favor of its stereotypical hay-bales-and-whiskey-bottles shtick .
Explanation building is the inverse starting with the observations , the evaluator develops a picture of what is happening and why .
Say , man , do n't you know you 've been given up for dead ?
i think we have too thank you very much you too bye-bye
As it is now , Web companies not only have the ability to provide diabolically precise demographic targeting to political campaigns , they can also make such offers exclusively .
Even if auditors do not follow such other standards and methodologies , they may still serve as a useful source of guidance to auditors in planning their work under GAGAS .
yeah they were my favorite team for a while
I think it behooves Slate , in its effort to take over the public-opinion industry , to make a thorough effort to uncover the truth behind this unnatural connection .
The Shore Temple , which has withstood the wind and the waves for 12 centuries , is made up of two shrines .
I hope that all key parties will take the necessary steps to address any real and perceived problems that serve to undercut public trust and confidence .
it would probably be a lot more work and probably not turn out as good
Why bother to sacrifice your lives for dirt farmers and slavers ?
This step of the analysis employs complex computer models that simulate the transport and transformation of emitted pollutants in the atmosphere .
plus i like to dance you know
Sometimes more than one denomination shares one church .
Jon twisted the man 's wrist .
Knowing this can help workers understand that some combination of revenue increases and benefit reductions will be necessary to restore the program 's long-term solvency .
We are concerned that the significant emissions reductions are required too quickly .
um well i hate to yes i do
No , I exclaimed , astonished .
Also , the tobacco executives who told Congress they did n't consider nicotine addictive might now be prosecuted for fraud and perjury .
Citing conservative critics of Brown vs.
I am asserting my membership in the club of Old Geezers .
Excellent reviews for the collaboration between two of the '90s ' most acclaimed jazz saxophonists .
yeah its too open yeah and there 's uh they have got some forty to fifty foot high cliffs around Possum Kingdom and you just get up and ski uh adjacent to those and uh and it does n't make any difference how windy it is you do n't notice it
Over their backs fell the cutting lashes of a whip .
In kampung workshops you can watch fantastic birds and butterflies being made of paper -LRB- and increasingly , nowadays , of plastic , too -RRB- drawn over strong , flexible bamboo frames .
i 'm not sure what the overnight low was
Think of it this When consumer confidence declines , it is as if , for some reason , the typical member of the co-op had become less willing to go out , more anxious to accumulate coupons for a rainy day .
But the arguments that it would do harm seem unpersuasive .
Why , when I was your age , I already had ... '' Dave was n't listening any longer .
Credibility is a vital factor , and Jim Lehrer does , indeed , have it .
All the Eilat activities can be booked through Red Sea Sports -LRB- see Scuba Diving , below -RRB- .
Also , I will be assuming that the 6.0 a cost of the Postal Service to take the mail from basic to workshared condition is constant as limited quantities of mail move back and forth between basic and workshared .
As with other types of internal controls , this is a cycle of activity , not an exercise with a defined beginning and end .
-LRB- j -RRB- Promotional items a member receives as a consequence of using travel or transportation services procured by the United States or accepted pursuant to 31
GAO secures all information obtained during the course of its work .
but how do you know the good from the bad
The increased investment has contributed to higher GDP growth in recent years , and the stronger economy should help in servicing the debt owed to foreigners .
Regulators may not be totally supportive of a more comprehensive business model because they are concerned that the information would be based on a lot of judgment and , therefore , lack of precision , which could make enforcement of reporting standards difficult .
It can entail prospective and retrospective designs and it permits synthesis of many individual case studies undertaken at different times and in different sites .
11 These departures permit them take advantage of the lower cost of living as well as to be reunited with their spouses and children .
All requests to provide live testimony at one of the two public hearings were granted .
The party 's broad aims were to support capitalist policies and to continue close ties with Britain and the rest of the Commonwealth .
Unless the political culture changes drastically , there will always be one or more independent prosecutors investigating the administration of the day and/or past administrations , anyway .
I understand , mademoiselle , I understand all you feel .
Additionally , GAO 's FederalInformationSystemControlsAuditManualis now used by most major federal audit entities to evaluate computerrelated controls .
Most of Slate will not be published next week , the third and last of our traditional summer weeks off .
yeah and they 've got those bins that just stay there and they decorated them real cute you know with a bunch of big old flowers and stuff
The last thing we want is any more attention or any more bounty hunters .
Along with each step , certain practices proved especially important to the success of their efforts .
kind of kind of nothing i wo n't have anything to do with
Pesticide concentrations should not exceed USEPA 's Ambient Water Quality chronic criteria values where available .
During the hottest hours , things come to a virtual standstill , though the Caribbean siesta is an hour or two shorter than its Mediterranean counterpart .
She gave the girl clothes and gifts and took her to her Connecticut estate for weekend pony rides , according to the Star . How was I supposed to compete with that ?
uh well i figured if i had it done in the garage at the Toyota dealer i would be looking at probably three or four hundred dollars
And he claimed she earned $ 11,000 a month - or $ 132,000 a year - from a home quilting business she had owned for 22 years .
The centralization dear to Richelieu and Louis XIV was becoming a reality .
Some travelers add Molokai and Lanai to their itineraries .
Routine screening and intervention will require engendering a sense of role responsibility among emergency department clinicians towards addressing substance abuse .
For instance , one state government CIO attributed his success to his breadth of experience across a variety of financial , retail , and IT units , which facilitates his ability to
Yes , undoubtedly the hand of Mr. Brown ! Mr. Carter paused .
to do it before you know before it gets hot and one time last year i remember we were planning on doing that and it was eighty degrees even then
This is especially true on Menorca , where cold winter winds limit the season 's length .
Dublin has international restaurants galore , and the New Irish Cuisine is built upon fresh products of Ireland 's seas , rivers , and farms .
those little kids do n't understand it
um-hum what is your worst then
That story remains to be told .
well Dana it 's been really interesting and i appreciate talking with you
In this situation , the value to the mailer of the improved service would be considered along with the cost of doing the work .
um yeah that sounds kind of neat uh is location at all important to you like you know how far it is from your house or whatever
There is a roller coaster up there as well , but experienced riders consider it too slow and uneventful despite the altitude .
The original wax models of the river gods are on display in the Civic Museum .
do you do you put it in the refrigerator then or you
All-inclusive units are in villas and a great house in tropical setting overlooking Caribbean .
Adrin heard of a young king in the south who fought against slavers and had an ivory skinned raven-haired swordswoman at his side .
Slate 's Joseph Nocera .
Apparently , Greuze was n't worried about needing protection .
now you know the ball 'll go straight and i go i never broke a club or anything but you know i 'd get upset about it sometimes and now i guess you know being in my forties i just kind of mellowed out a little bit i do n't get upset any more so
So unlike people who are fortunate enough to be able to afford attorneys and can go to another lawyer , our clients are simply lost in the legal system if they can not get access to it from us .
The agency also receives a percentage of money from the Interest On Lawyers ' Trust Accounts .
Anyway , she was found dead this morning . ''
Oh , what a fool I feel !
no chemicals and plus then you can use it as a fertilizer and not have to worry about spreading those chemicals like on your lawn or your bushes or whatever
it was really a nice compromise especially because she felt like she was still living in her own house and she still had her own couch and her own bed and it it really helped a lot and she was a lot more comfortable and she did n't
football and baseball and
he 's a college graduate type guy he 's been in all he 's an entrepreneur and he gives very practical financial advice about cars very you know not not nothing college level basic stuff his name is Bruce Williams he 's on national radio uh i do n't know what it would be down there you might want to whatever your radio talk shows are down there he 's on that channel it 's uh it 's five seventy up here
36 AC usage nationally for mercury control from power plants should be roughly proportional to the total MWe of coal-fired facilities that are equipped with the technology -LRB- this assumes an average capacity factor of 85 percent and other assumptions of Tables 4-4 and 4-5 -RRB- .
The management of the cafe has established the rules for the use of their facility .
But it 's for us to get busy and do something . ''
A re-created street of colonial Macau is lined with traditional Chinese shops .
Nobody knows much about the early Etruscans .
All requests to provide live testimony at one of the two public hearings were granted .
Arawak peoples migrated to various Caribbean islands , arriving in Jamaica by the beginning of the eighth century .
No , Dave Hanson , you were too important to us for that .
-LRB- And yes , he has said a few things that can , with some effort , be construed as support for supply-side economics . -RRB-
While the Freedom of Information Act , the Trade Secrets Act , and other statutes may generally protect certain categories of information from disclosure by an agency to the public , this protection does not justify withholding the information from GAO .
After their savage battles , the warriors recuperated through meditation in the peace of a Zen monastery rock garden .
In research designs based on statistical inference , the criterion for establishing casuality is whether the findings are likely to have occurred by chance following appropriate comparisons to eliminate alternative interpretations .
36 million could mean the state 's legal services for the poor will lose six of their 21 regional offices , the head of a poverty-law resource center said .
For example , a case study of the effectiveness of a job training program might need to take into account general economic trends , such as unemployment rates in the community .
Straightened out for a while , Humayun came back in 1555 with his Persian army to recapture the Punjab , Delhi , and Agra , but the next year his opium habit caused his death -LRB- see page 64 -RRB- .
Once there , he or she must alight from the vehicle and proceed to the mailbox , then return to the vehicle , turn it around and proceed to the road .
One or two , replied Tommy modestly , and plunged into his recital .
Last year , Arafat cracked down on Hamas after a string of bombings in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem , arresting more than 1,200 suspected terrorists , destroying Hamas safe houses , and confiscating its weapons caches .
' I do n't know what happened , exactly . ' I said .
At Kansas City Power and Light 's Hawthorn Power Station , Unit 5 was replaced -LRB- excluding turbine -RRB- in under 22 months .
right and uh there 's usually nobody running against you know the incumbents
I am so constituted as to be unable to give away money with any satisfaction until I have made the most careful inquiry as to the worthiness of the cause .
looking at that and you know and if it 's if it 's funny or if it keeps my interest if it 's exciting i 'll watch it if not i do n't and times that i saw that or pieces of that it was n't any it was n't great Thirty Something i watched a few times because there was a few good episodes and then after that it it i just lost interest in it
Additionally , GAO 's FederalInformationSystemControlsAuditManualis now used by most major federal audit entities to evaluate computerrelated controls .
oh my uh-huh uh-huh
36 AC usage nationally for mercury control from power plants should be roughly proportional to the total MWe of coal-fired facilities that are equipped with the technology -LRB- this assumes an average capacity factor of 85 percent and other assumptions of Tables 4-4 and 4-5 -RRB- .
Long ago -- or away , or whatever -- there was a world called Thar ?? and another called Erath .
She was alone at last with the president !
By placing '' one card '' on another '' with mathematical '' precision ! '' I watched the card house rising under his hands , story by story .
Err ... I do n't know .
i 've even heard of some people being sexually abused
In Hong Kong you can have a plate , or even a whole dinner service , hand-painted to your own design .
-LSB- Requires free registration .
approaches to achieving missions vary considerably between agencies .
In the midst of a final desultory polishing of her silver , Tuppence was disturbed by the ringing of the front door bell , and went to answer it .
Two clues in the Pennsylvania 1 -RRB- The boy had said , I 'm going to go to the dinner dance and kill some people .
It hopes to bring on another 25 or 35 people when the new building opens next fall .
yeah i 've i wish they 'd split that bowling season up into uh three seasons
So it was n't Missenhardt 's singing -- marvelous though that was -- that made Osmin 's rantings so thrilling .
Excellent reviews for the collaboration between two of the '90s ' most acclaimed jazz saxophonists .
` Pardon me for saying so , but I really do n't think this is the time for an entree , ' I said .
Sit down , will you ? '' Tuppence sat down on the chair facing him .
` You burned down my house . '
Or else it was administered in the brandy you gave her .
He was of two minds , one reveled in the peace of this village .
I lay awake waiting until I judged it must be about two o'clock in the morning .
The Weekly Standard argues that America should back Lee with words now and , if necessary , military force later , but the Washington Post reports that the U.S. envoys will pressure him to back down .
um-hum yeah i saw that for the first time yesterday in the evening
Do n't expect to be swinging much after midnight , even in towns .
There are actually three winding roads , or the Grande , the high road , starting out from the Avenue des Diables-Bleus in Nice ; the Moyenne , the middle one , beginning at Place Max-Barel ; and the Basse , along the coast from Boulevard Carnot , but usually jammed with traffic .
According to this plan , areas that were predominantly Arab the Gaza Strip , the central part of the country , the northwest corner , and the West Bank were to remain under Arab control as Palestine , while the southern Negev Des?Υrt and the northern coastal strip would form the new State of Israel .
Egg cattle merry wedged marvelous
If a trace of tropical lethargy still adds to the charm in this city of sidewalk cafe , palm trees , and pedicabs , any torpor definitely ends once inside the doors of Macau 's casinos , scene of some of the liveliest gambling west of Las Vegas .
and for regular readers who are a bit confused about our schedule -LRB- and who can blame them ? -RRB-
This points to a final press-friendly quality of McCain ' brilliant flattery .
Daniel nodded , fetching me a glass of beer .
Sadly , vandals removed all the tomb 's spectacular treasures , but they did leave the gentle beauty of rose and poppies in rich inlaid stones of onyx , green chrysolite , carnelian , and variegated agate .
This includes all testing , information review , and interviews related to data reliability .
For instance , mandatory account proposals are more likely to increase private saving because such a program would require households that do not currently save-such as many low-income individuals or families-to place some amount in an individual account .
He had to try something .
We know essentially nothing about life beyond Earth .
and they 're illegal so i do n't think it would do us any good to outlaw them all together
Although this award will now be handed out annually , Bailey was selected for several years of his commitment .
Lawyers in their first three years of practice or who are inactive pay $ 90 , and retired lawyers pay nothing .
and oh okay and then went to Colorado
The man had probably heard him urinating or maybe even noticed the change of his breath as he awoke .
We can leave them and let them die , said Thorn .
it 's so bad wanted to mow today i was off and i wanted to mow the yard but just walking across it it 's still so mushy if i took a mower out there i 'd tear the sod up so bad
from from personal parties or from these uh phone answering phone uh commercial things
11 These departures permit them take advantage of the lower cost of living as well as to be reunited with their spouses and children .
You will remember my saying that it was wise to beware of people who were not telling you the truth . ''
okay what types of music do you like to listen to
All the Eilat activities can be booked through Red Sea Sports -LRB- see Scuba Diving , below -RRB- .
Sadly , vandals removed all the tomb 's spectacular treasures , but they did leave the gentle beauty of rose and poppies in rich inlaid stones of onyx , green chrysolite , carnelian , and variegated agate .
Great mistake to say too much .
yeah pay fifteen yeah yes i know yeah and when you pay fifteen dollars a month it sure takes a long time
The door opened and Severn stepped out .
The national award was created to recognize an attorney in practice for less than 10 years for excellence in public interest or pro bono activities .
The spot does leave the viewer wondering about the rest of the story , and what tale the condom could tell .
For ideological free-marketeers -LRB- like myself -RRB- , theories like Smith and Wright 's can be intellectually jarring .
paid back down it uh
The program covers those units covered by the new nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program that are located in the States in the WRAP and that , in any year starting in 2000 , emit more than 100 tons of sulfur dioxide and are used to produce electricity for sale .
By coordinating policy development and awareness activities in this manner , she helps ensure that new risks and policies are communicated promptly and that employees are periodically reminded of existing policies through means such as monthly bulletins , an intranet web site , and presentations to new employees .
The newspaper publishes just one letter a week from a reader , always with an editorial riposte at the bottom .
well the difficulty is is if you look in the Old Testament and and the numbers of places that uh the Lord went out and just simply struck down and that was part of the problem when they went into the Promised Land that they that they uh they did n't destroy everybody and that that 's
Jon saw him ride into the smoke .
Howard Berman of California , an influential Democrat on the House International Relations Committee .
And the door into Mr. Inglethorp 's room ?
We are also advocating enhanced reporting in connection with key federal performance and projection information .
uh-huh oh yeah i had n't heard that one let 's see i ca n't oh gosh that that probably wipes out my whole inventory of TV shows other than um PBS i
At the far end of David Street , Temple Mount is one of the world 's most sacred spots to three major religions .
The Commission published a summary of its Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis in the Federal Register on September 12 , 1996 -LRB- 61 Fed .
So he goes out and walks in the woods , little dreaming that Mrs. Inglethorp will open his desk , and discover the incriminating document .
no i mean there there there was nothing to it i mean
In his effort to build nationalism across Turkey in the 1920s , Ataterk instituted a campaign to suppress Kurdish identity that continues today .
I touched my palm to his mutilated cheek , and tried to stem my instinctive revulsion .
um something that i i think that i 've noticed that i i have a friend i think if you 're going into like uh law or medicine a very particular very specific field even even engineering you can get you can meet a lot of the requirements at a public um institution
Look here , you 've been asking me a lot of questions .
Clearly , the press has done a lousy job with its focus on behavior such as infidelity or drug use that most people do n't care about .
Postal Service data to define the relationship between costs and cost drivers .
There are two challengers to these top dogs .
yeah i 'm i 'm sort of an acting process engineer but not officially but that 's pretty much what i do yeah
She was 96 just turning away when she heard a piercing whistle , and the faithful Albert came running from the building to join her .
oh yeah all all mine are uh purebreds so i keep them in
yeah because you look at the statistics now and i 'm sure it 's in your your newspapers just like it is in ours that every major city now the increase of crime is is escalating i mean there are more look at the look at the people there are being shot now i mean every day there 's there 's dozens of dozens of people across the nation they just get blown away for no reason you know stray bullets or California they were going out there and they were shooting and they get these guys and they do n't do anything with them so i kind of i kind of agree with you i 'm kind of you still in the in the uh prison system
yeah i mean just when uh the they military paid for her education
The inquiry expanded very quickly , however , from asking what technology failed to an examination of contextual influences , such as
Clearly , yes .
Meanwhile , a site established for the WorldAid '96 Global Expo and Conference on Emergency Relief , which took place last fall , gives you a firsthand glimpse of the frequently crass world of the relief business -LRB- note the long list of commercial exhibitors in attendance -RRB- .
Nabatean trading town on the route from Gaza to Petra .
The Journal put the point succinctly to Is any publicity good publicity ?
The Mosque of El-Jezzar , built in 1781 , dominates the landside of the old city -LRB- the other three sides jut into the Mediterranean -RRB- .
This was used for ceremonial purposes , allowing statues of the gods to be carried to the river for journeys to the west bank , or to the Luxor sanctuary .
and the professors who go there and you 're not going to see the professors you know you 're going to see some TA you know uh
aChange in personal saving depends on how much of the $ 4,000 IRA contribution represents new saving .
On the other side of the peninsula , off the tourist track in the peninsula 's heel , are the curiously romantic landscapes of Puglia , from its centuries-old trulli constructions to the medieval fortresses of the German emperors .
The Chinese calendar was used to calculate the year of Japan 's foundation by counting back the 1,260 years of the Chinese cosmological cycle .
It describes six applications of case study methods , including the purposes and pitfalls of each , and explains similarities and differences among the six .
Such experience better enables the CIOs to work with business managers to build a shared vision for meeting mission needs .
The policy succeeded , and I was fortunate to have had the opportunity to make that contribution to my people .
One of them , darker skinned , had hair braided into two lines .
for a change i i got i get sick of winter just looking everything so dead i hate that
The National Football League semifinals are set .
Our efforts having been in vain , we had abandoned the matter , hoping that it might turn up of itself one day .
Crosethe Rue de Rivoli to the Palais-Royal , built for Car?di?nal Richelieu as his Paris residence in 1639 , and originally named Palais-Cardinal .
The great thing is to keep calm . '' Julius groaned .
And if they did come , as remote as that is , you and your men look strong enough to handle anything .
The tree-lined avenue extends less than three blocks to the sea .
Do n't you remember ? Today we 're going to auntie Basia 's birthday party . '
NEH-supported exhibitions were distinguished by their elaborate wall panels -- educational maps , photomurals , stenciled treatises -- which competed with the objects themselves for space and attention .
Have you got him ? ''
and if it 's above six hundred you 're going to have to do it and i got one thirty one
see now in a situation like that the boys are only sixteen years old and they were sexually involved with her and i think like at that particular point she was twenty three you know so she was n't really that much older than them and being a boy at that age i think that they 're very um you know let 's face it that 's at a point in your life when you you 're just starting to realize all the things of life
I did so .
On the days I go to my office , I wear a flannel shirt with no necktie if the weather is cool .
you sound like this girl that i talked to about books and we got into movies one night
We hate them because they are smarter , or more studious , or more focused than we are .
Most of the Clinton women were in their 20s at the time of their Clinton encounter
The idea that Clinton 's approval represents something new and immoral in the country is historically shortsighted .
The Indigenous Project , a new program run by the Oregon Law Center , is one of only a handful of places in the United States where indigenous farmworkers from Mexico and Central America can find free and confidential legal aid .
San ` doro 's blood ran over Stark 's blade and into Stark 's other cupped hand .
The great attraction of the church is the splendid exterior , which is crowned by golden onion-shaped cupolas .
Judge Bailey was chosen because he should be looked at as the representative of all future winners .
to uh working a steady eight hour job as it were i had been working for a camp and had relatively real long hours sixteen years old and could handle getting up at five and not getting to bed until ten or eleven and
yeah well the jury that originally sentenced him sentenced him to death
Gerth 's prize-winning articles do not mention a CIA report concluding that U.S. security was not harmed by the 1996 accident review .
It 's absurd but I ca n't help it . Sir James nodded again .
New York Times Book Review Editor Charles McGrath , a former deputy to William Shawn at the New Yorker , calls Lillian Ross ' memoir about her affair with Shawn on occasion factually inaccurate or misleading and a betrayal of Shawn 's high editorial principles .
and uh you know it 's like they they consider that but it would be the same way here you know it 's like if if you had to do it you know you have a big sign i 'm sorry i do n't get paid you know
yeah well that 's the other thing you know they talk about women leaving the home and going out to work well still taking care of the children is a very important job and and someone 's got to do it and be able to do it right and
Asked about abortion the other day on CNN , Republican National Committee Chairman Jim Nicholson also invoked what is apparently the party-line inclusive party .
The cathedral in particular is impressive after dark .
What am I to do with them afterwards ? ''
The centralization dear to Richelieu and Louis XIV was becoming a reality .
A group of guys went out for a drink after work , and sitting at the bar was a real a 6 foot blonde with a fabulous face and figure to match .
I have to tell you , I tried to understand it .
Strom Thurmond , R-S.C . , celebrated his 95 th birthday by announcing that he will relinquish the chairmanship of the Senate Armed Services Committee a year from now .
In 392 the Emperor Theodosius proclaimed Christianity to be the official religion of the Roman Empire , and on his death in 395 the empire was split once more , between his two sons , and was never again to be reunited .
Classic Castilian restaurant .
Do you know how long we 've been here ? he asked one morning as they sat facing each other at breakfast .
The main gate of the churchyard leads out to Greyfriars Place , and across the street you will find an excellent view of one of Scotland 's newest museums .
Part of the reason for the difference in pieces per possible delivery may be due to the fact that five percent of possible residential deliveries are businesses , and it is thought , but not known , that a lesser percentage of possible deliveries on rural routes are businesses .
For the beginner ' and for most others , too ' Beaune is the place to buy .
My brain refusing to command properly .
He caught his breath .
i think that yeah i think and i i think that 's real important
now that 's an interesting point yeah i mean once the expectations are
The panels are to collect advice and recommendations from representatives of affected small entities as part of their deliberative process .
Just north of the Shalom Tower is the Yemenite Quarter , its main attractions being the bustling Carmel market and good Oriental restaurants .
The Aegean has a short , wet spring when walking , hiking , and mountain biking are extremely enjoyable activities , because the weather is pleasant but not too hot .
because i i mean i do n't know it 's just something i think something we need
We 've got to think .
The governing statute provides that a committee consisting of the Comptroller General , the Speaker of the House and President Pro Tempore of the Senate , the Majority and Minority leaders , and the Chairmen and Ranking Minority Members of the Senate Governmental Affairs and House Government Reform Committees recommend an individual to the President for appointment .
Agreed-upon Auditors perform testing to issue a report of findings based on specific procedures performed on subject matter .
really oh i thought it was great yeah
Also , considerable sums are spent by the Postal Service analyzing the costs associated with worksharing , and mailers/competitors incur considerable expense litigating their positions on worksharing before the Postal Rate Commission .
You can find Manchester , Sheffield , and Cambridge in Jamaica , to name but three .
defiantly if you live in an apartment right
Little is recorded about this group , but they were probably the ancestors of the Gododdin , whose feats are told in a seventh-century Old Welsh manuscript .
At the least , he was hired in an attempt to influence administration China policy .
At Gatehouse , in Kent .
huh-uh i do n't even want to go anywhere yeah that 's about it
I turned a curve and I was just in time to see him ring the bell and get admitted to the house .
We should seek to achieve the most good or benefit , with the least harm and destruction of things that we value , he argued .
it depends a lot of uh a lot of things were thought that uh as you know the farmers thought okay we got chemicals we 're putting chemicals on the field well the ground will naturally filter out the
probably so yeah you can get a head start on it
In that case , price discrimination can survive .
and so i have really enjoyed that but but there are i do have friends that watch programs like they want to see a particular program and they are either home watching it or definitely recording it they have some programs that they wo n't miss
Her voice was doubtful .
`` So your girl writes that your little farewell activity did n't fare so well , eh ? '' he chortled .
BUDGETARY RESOURCES - The forms of authority given to an agency allowing it to incur obligations .
32 Under the RSA proposal , a worker between the ages of 25 and 60 with family earnings of at least $ 5,000 could contribute up to $ 1,000 annually through either an employer-sponsored saving plan or a tax-deferred individual account .
The order was founded by James VII -LRB- James II of England -RRB- and continues today .
but West Texas now was a hundred and ten and i did n't mind that at all you know because it was so dry
Pick up a map from the tourist office here and ask about walking tours .
GQ editor Art Cooper reportedly received two $ 1-million loans , one for a Manhattan apartment , the other for a Connecticut farm .
Impossible .
Exhibit 3 presents total national emissions of NOx and SO2 from all sectors , including power .
These gardens used to belong to the governor 's mountain lodge , but the building was demolished by the Japanese during the occupation of Hong Kong .
you want to punch the button and go
If Washington Square is underripe , U-Turn and Devil 's Advocate are rotting .
A proserous tourist district , it is full of shopping centers and department stores , along with a number of good restaurants .
yeah now do Indian are Indian foods kosher
The South African priest who invited Clinton to do so is quoted in the paper as saying that once Clinton stood up , he was thinking about how much embarrassment it would have caused him by my saying , please sit down .
Of course I had a watch kept on Mr. Inglethorp , hoping that sooner or later he would lead me to the hiding-place .
He had no real answer .
U.S. civil legal services delivery system .
` And I do n't want to risk a fire fight with what appear to be horribly equal numbers . '
The association 's mission is to reduce the incidence of fraud and white-collar crime through prevention and education .
Unfortunately , the magnet schools began the undoing of desegregation in Charlotte .
Loire Valley
I will some day , if you ask me , she promised him , smiling .
The island 's burgeoning economic significance propelled population growth , and by the middle of the 15th century Madeira was home to 800 families .
Windows 95 costs about $ 90 at my local computer superstore .
oh thank God i 've never been to Midland
It will be COLOSSAL ! ''
yeah well that 's the other thing you know they talk about women leaving the home and going out to work well still taking care of the children is a very important job and and someone 's got to do it and be able to do it right and
at least i 'm going to give it a try cause you can see i mean the oil filters i mean you can touch it it 's right there
Lewis brought to the campaign the same intensity he had trained upon redneck troopers and sheriffs .
A little past the small theater built for local dramatic performances , there 's a fine view across the bay to Basse-Terre .
yeah because it like i i think i 've seen those before but i do n't remember what they look like
But if banks , airlines , and communications companies accept key recovery , the terrorists will risk potential exposure every time they do business with those institutions .
For fiscal year 1996 , Congress determined that the Commission should recover $ 126,400,000 in costs , an amount 8.6 percent higher than required in fiscal year 1995 .
you know some of the really the really emotional ones have you followed the Dallas elections on zoning
With him was the evil-looking Number 14 .
She did not reply .
He seemed too self-assured .
Consistent with GAO 's Congressional Protocols , GAO will then offer the requester -LRB- s -RRB- a draft of the product that is with the agency for comment .
These provisions may have to be reexamined as well .
profit rather
A fine Crusader arch leads down a dimly-lit broad stairway to the dark subterranean Church of the Assumption , a Greek Orthodox church .
The national mood is stressed on the octagonal spire of the University 's Rajabai Clocktower , with 24 figures representing the castes of the Maharashtra State , of which Mumbai is the capital .
LASNNY is one of the oldest and most cost-effective legal services organizations in the United States .
After the purge of foreigners , only a few stayed on , strictly confined to Dejima Island in Nagasaki Bay .
But , as the last problem I 'll outline suggests , neither of the previous two objections matters .
um-hum they keep you entertained they sure do we have a uh my wife 's uh mother is uh oh about seventy seven i guess she really gets a thrill when we go over to see her and bring the dog i think she 's more happy to see the dog than she is us
but uh TV is something that we try to not um deliberately try not to get hung up on it like you say
Hence , it appears likely that the proportion of LC to AO mail is less for inbound mail than for outbound .
exactly and when i 'm sitting here on the sofa cross-stitching and all of a sudden somebody a man 's got their hand on my door knob it 's like uh like oh no and so i do n't i do n't like that and i guess the only way to prevent it would be just to pass a city ordinance to prevent that or
Civil libertarians denounced it as an improper church-state partnership , a sectarian scheme to milk the taxpayer , and a feel-good diversion from the rest of the coalition 's agenda .
Revenue is recognized from forfeited property unless the property is distributed to state or local law enforcement agencies or foreign
Executives do so by examining their internal environments and asking a series of questions about the problems that need fixing , how information technology and management can help , and how a CIO might best fit within their management structures to guide technology solutions .
There are certain categories of control activities that are common to all agencies .
While the Freedom of Information Act , the Trade Secrets Act , and other statutes may generally protect certain categories of information from disclosure by an agency to the public , this protection does not justify withholding the information from GAO .
These are issues that we wrestle with in practice groups of law firms , she said .
By placing '' one card '' on another '' with mathematical '' precision ! '' I watched the card house rising under his hands , story by story .
` The autopilot 's damaged - will the train still slow down ? '
What Ellison is doing here , as Hemingway did , is equating the process of becoming an artist with that of becoming a man .
Did Meriwether Lewis really commit suicide , as historians claim ?
Mr. Erlenborn attended undergraduate courses at the University of Notre Dame , Indiana University , the University of Illinois , and Loyala University of Chicago .
more of a football powerhouse up there i guess
Maps of hiking trails are available at the Government Publications Ceter , Low Block , Government Offices , 66 Queensway in Central .
Analytical Perspectives .
Some experts say there 's a greater chance of a making a catch in the cooler days of spring and autumn , and in the hours after sunset .
As recent events illustrate , trust takes years to gain but can be lost in an instant .
Yet , despite the stock market boom of the 1990s , many households have accumulated little , if any , wealth -LRB- see figure 1.3 -RRB- , and half of American households did not own stocks as of 1998 .
I do n't know all the answers , fella .
The man who had once come up with a has-been corner skit , in which , as Zmuda recalls , forgotten performers would be sent out to flounder in front of an audience ...
The day my deadline came , I got a business card .
The cathedral in particular is impressive after dark .
In most methods , we plan for data collection , then we collect the information , then we analyze it , and then we write the report .
yeah you can also do the same thing using um if you have ground beef just stir fry the ground beef drain off the oil use the same hoi sin sauce and um some of the frozen mixed vegetables
It spoils the sport .
While AILA has joined the ACLU and other organizations in a Freedom of Information Act request to find out who is being detained where and why , Mohammed notes that the reasons for the immigrants ' detention were not immediately clear and sometimes had dire consequences .
you know our church each year has a one of their major fund raisers is you know a garage sale and there 's a ton of clothes always you know left over and i take those down to the uh
The rock has a soft texture and can be bought in a variety of shapes .
A student visa overstayer is not going to be a high priority for pro bono assistance .
and these comments were considered in formulating the interim rules .
Czarek was welcomed enthusiastically , even though the poultry brotherhood was paying a lot of sudden attention to the newcomers - a strong group of young and talented managers from an egzemo-exotic chicken farm in Fodder Band nearby Podunkowice .
yeah yeah so it 's interesting to talk to somebody from that general vicinity
This provides insight into the important Japanese concept of katachi -LRB- form -RRB- , the rough equivalent of It is n't what you do ; it 's the way that you do it .
Pat Buchanan followed immediately behind , handing out smallpox-infected blankets and bottles of whiskey .
The census of 1931 served as an alarm signal for the Malay national consciousness .
The renowned Theban queen Nefertari , wife of Ramses II , has the most ornate tomb -LRB- number 66 -RRB- but it is not always accessible .
Chapter 1 : His real name was Leonard Franklin Slye .
Nothing prior to May 7 , 1915 .
Took forever .
you know some of the really the really emotional ones have you followed the Dallas elections on zoning
That 's an opportunity that very few people have had .
yeah because i was saying to him i said i 'm not that heavy i 'm not heavy you know maybe ten to fifteen pounds like any other human being
After four years , Clinton has learned how to avoid looking unpresidential .
But of course the DSM is informed by social values .
For their part , family-planning organizations and the Clinton administration seem equally adamant .
She did n't listen .
yeah yeah you probably get this probably pretty sticky after you get done then you 've got to drain the water out of the watermelon because you know when you scrape it it makes the water
The rain had stopped , but the green glow painted everything around them .
Do n't remember .
She graduated in 1995 owing $ 58,000 in loans .
From his second sight Jon saw San ` doro grappling with a much larger man .
Despite huge projected increases in food production , per capita food consumption in South Asia , the Middle East , and the less-developed nations of Africa will scarcely improve or will actually decline below present inadequate levels .
A recorded menu will provide information on how to obtain these lists .
But the door was locked ? '' These exclamations burst from us disjointedly .
For example , NIPA excludes capital transfers , like estate tax receipts , which are recorded as revenue in the unified budget , and investment grants-in-aid to state and local governments , which the unified budget records as outlays .
Sarawak pottery is ochre-colored with bold geometric designs .
They were quite , tetanic in character . ''
Oh ! I exclaimed , much relieved .
One of them , darker skinned , had hair braided into two lines .
Marina del Rey is another , where you can also charter a yacht .
My brain refusing to command properly .
did you well it 's not just that are there enough jobs for people here now
They greeted her and she smiled shyly back .
The Revolutionaries could n't be dissuaded from destroying most of the cathedral 's statues , although 67 were saved -LRB- many of the originals are now housed in the Mus ?? e de l'Oeuvre Notre-Dame next door -RRB- .
8th circa b.c.Greeks colonize Sicily and other southern regions
That word boustrophedon describes writing that goes from left to right on the first line , then right to left on the second , then left to right on the third , and so on ; it comes from a Greek word describing the turning in a field of an ox and plow .
Then he turned to Tommy .
They are built on the site of David 's Tower , once the largest and most formidable structure in the castle .
Wacky Tangent of the Washington Week in Review host Ken Bode scolded the New York Times Magazine for a Nov. 9 fashion spread he said endorsed the now-discredited fashion trend of heroin chic .
A group of guys went out for a drink after work , and sitting at the bar was a real a 6 foot blonde with a fabulous face and figure to match .
Because of the casualties , Lind says , the United States would eventually have had to leave Vietnam anyway .
They said that -LRB- 1 -RRB- agencies need to be able to design their procedures to fit their particular circumstances -LRB- e.g.
Named after the city gentleman and infamous burglar , it is one of the best-known pubs in the city .
God i 'm envious
It is worth a visit , if only to see the theater itself .
In May 1967 , Gallup found that the number of people who said they intensely disliked RFK -- who was also probably more intensely liked than any other practicing politician -- was twice as high as the number who intensely disliked Johnson , the architect of the increasingly unpopular war in Vietnam .
6See also Internal Control Management and Evaluation Tool -LRB- GAO-01-1008G , August 2001 -RRB- .
We still espouse a God-given right of human beings to use the environment for their benefit , says Barrett Duke of the Southern Baptists .
The Weekly Standard argues that America should back Lee with words now and , if necessary , military force later , but the Washington Post reports that the U.S. envoys will pressure him to back down .
Moreover , these excise taxes , like other taxes , are determined through the exercise of the power of the Government to compel payment .
For big Raj-buffs , the supreme example of Indo-Gothic style is the Victoria Terminus , affectionately abbreviated to VT nowadays , once the railway station that launched adventures inland , now handling mostly suburban traffic .
` You burned down my house . '
Clean shaven , I think and dark . ''
Hearty Sabbath meals .
Come on , let 's have tea .
But of course the DSM is informed by social values .
The day may well come , as Barlow and Dyson seem to believe , when book publishers as we know them will disappear .
What have we for lunch ?
well the parts to to me i spent twenty two dollars on the parts
They have prominent red protuberances and may have been named after the British redcoats .
At the western end of Cowgate -LRB- where it meets Holyrood Road -RRB- , you will see one of the few remaining sections of Edinburgh 's old city wall -LRB- Flodden Wall -RRB- , built following the Lang Siege of the 1570s .
right after the war
yeah i know and i did that all through college and it worked too
Her voice was doubtful .
Ca ` daan closed the door behind them and retied the not .
` But if White has any designs at all on living , he 'll be as far from Little as he can possibly get by now . '
because i always had to do it and so i just pay someone else to do it and they do the they do the cutting they fertilize they um edge and um i think this year i 'm going to have some landscaping put in
how long has he been in his present position
The tabs are getting fed up with women who have become rich and famous by telling everyone else how to be better .
For example , the moderate scenario assumes a 50 % or $ 1 .
Kutchins and Kirk cite a particularly amusing example of such Robert Spitzer , the man in charge of DSM-III , was sitting down with a committee that included his wife , in the process of composing a criteria-set for Masochistic Personality Disorder -- a disease that was suggested for , but never made it into , the DSM-III-R -LRB- a revised edition -RRB- .
but i think that 's probably a good idea
If you still want to join , it might be worked .
So , as he and Tipper walked out , my friend and I were right behind them , and I took the opportunity to say hello and reintroduce myself -- as a journalist , I might add -- and we chatted about the movie for a few minutes .
Well ? cried Tommy eagerly .
Welts grew on each of the man 's cheeks .
It has long been influenced by their differing traits , and has assimilated their various customs and practices .
We are concerned that the significant emissions reductions are required too quickly .
yeah right uh-huh that 's right yeah you you have to work on you really do
Since The Bell Curve was published , it has become clear that almost everything about it was inexcusably suspect data , mistakes in statistical procedures that would have flunked a sophomore -LRB- Murray -- Herrnstein is deceased -- clearly does not understand what a correlation coefficient means -RRB- , deliberate suppression of contrary evidence , you name it .
It 's very hard to believe , for anyone who knows me well , but I was actually speechless for a period , Zelon said .
' I really do n't feel comfortable around people who enjoy making speeches . '
Even after having just seen Adrin 's skill with his rapier , Ca ` daan had not seen a man move so sure and so naturally with such devastating results .
At the top , it bore the printed stamp of Messrs.
right well there 's yeah there there 's going to be some measure of incentive uh reward or whatever but the reward ultimately ultimately comes down to what you want
Annette told me how you 'd escaped .
As he emerged , Boris remarked , glancing up at the clock : `` You are early .
New York Times Book Review Editor Charles McGrath , a former deputy to William Shawn at the New Yorker , calls Lillian Ross ' memoir about her affair with Shawn on occasion factually inaccurate or misleading and a betrayal of Shawn 's high editorial principles .
After several years of private practice from 1982-90 , he became the judge of Decatur County Court for a year .
On the easternmost tip of Jamaica stands Morant Point Lighthouse , built in 1841 .
and uh i 'm originally from Virginia and uh and my memories of summer have always been that stifling humidity
-LRB- j -RRB- Promotional items a member receives as a consequence of using travel or transportation services procured by the United States or accepted pursuant to 31
A little past the small theater built for local dramatic performances , there 's a fine view across the bay to Basse-Terre .
Hughes has accomplished this in part by the unusual technique of double ghosting .
More than half of 800,000 native islanders are children , and the mother is traditionally responsible for bringing them up , handling the money , and making key domestic decisions .
and you back in you know and or just pull into your spot and uh some you can rent by the year some you can rent daily or nightly or by the week or whatever
The great breathtaking Italian adventure remains the road .
With a little practice almost anyone can flip off to an interesting rock formation and watch the multi-coloured fish pass in review .
8 Follow-up to the May 8 , 2001 , Hearing Regarding the IRS Restructuring Act 's Goals and IRS Funding -LRB- GAO-01-903R , June 29 , 2001 -RRB- , and IRS Continued Improvement in Management Capability Needed to Support Long-Term Transformation
Oh yeah ? San Barenakedino ? How 's he ? Clarisse and Onardo both asked .
I feel , though , that I should like to point out to you once more the risks you are running , especially if you pursue the course you indicate .
What a brilliantly innocuous metaphor , devised by a master manipulator to obscure his manipulations .
A detailed English explanation of the plot is always provided , and wireless recorded commentary units are sometimes available .
Consider the Globe : As the respectable media have become sleazy , the Globe has become sleazier .
According to this plan , areas that were predominantly Arab the Gaza Strip , the central part of the country , the northwest corner , and the West Bank were to remain under Arab control as Palestine , while the southern Negev Des?Υrt and the northern coastal strip would form the new State of Israel .
: Adrin 's Third Lesson
The fancifully decorated Macau Palace , a floating casino moored on the western waterfront , is fitted out with gambling tables , slot machines -LRB- known locally as hungry tigers -RRB- and , for hungry humans , a restaurant .
all right thanks bye bye
Jon was about to require a lot from her .
The 2000 census showed Illinois with about 35,000 fewer people who are eligible for LSC services because of low income , about $ 22,000 a year for a family of four , Kleiman said .
She People are rarely indifferent to the magazines I 've put out .
The narthex , or entrance hall to the nave , is crowned by a magnificent sculpted tympanum of Jesus enthroned after the Resurrection , preaching his message to the Apostles .
Err ... I do n't know .
will never be doused -LRB- Brit Hume , Fox News Sunday ; Tony Blankley , Late Edition ; Robert Novak , Capital Gang ; Tucker Carlson , The McLaughlin Group -RRB- . The middle way is best expressed by Howard Kurtz -LRB- NBC 's Meet the Press -RRB- -- he scolds Brill for undisclosed campaign contributions and for overstretching his legal case against Kenneth Starr but applauds him for casting light on the media .
Two economists at Virginia Commonwealth University -- yes , here are the economists again , but this time making a more plausible argument -- studied millions of auto-accident claims filed between 1989 and 1993 .
Have her show it , '' said Thorn .
well that 's right because uh one day it 'll be eighty and the next day it 'll be about thirty below i tell you what and uh
that 's true um-hum well that 's true the America 's paying all this money to have other people give uh aid to other countries so they could be paying their own people and training their own people at the same time
he was he 's of course uh i guess he 's trained in this uh martial arts of some sort but the plot was bland the acting was bland It was just mostly centered upon his abilities to
An important early material , obsidian , was discovered on the island of Milos .
But to you , who know the truth , I propose to read certain passages which will throw some light on the extraordinary mentality of this great man . '' He opened the book , and turned the thin pages .
What and who will they tax ?
approaches for setting different requirements for sources that pose different levels of hazard -LRB- tiering -RRB- ; worst-case releases and other hazard assessment issues ; accident information reporting ; public participation ; inherently safer approaches ; and implementation and integration of section 112 -LRB- r -RRB- with state programs , particularly state air permitting programs .
18 In 1989 , rural carriers received an average of 34 cents per mile as a motor vehicle allowance .
Massive tidal waves swept over Crete , and other parts of the Mediterranean , smashing buildings and drowning many thousands of people .
He argued that these governors shared the congressional Republican agenda enshrined in the 1994 Contract With America .
Also , why Princess Di was like President The public cared more about her empathy than about her actions .
` Wait here , ' I was ordered .
aCondition Assessment Survey -LRB- CAS -RRB- .
and clean up is is uh is a joy uh a little soap and water and air dry them and you do n't have to worry about that
Founded in 1979 , AFFIRM 's members include information resource management professionals within the federal , academic , and industry sectors .
well in a way you can travel light
Meanwhile , critics on the left argue that because the United States failed to intervene in Rwanda , its intervention in Kosovo is morally suspect and probably racist .
His voice was even and calm , not a hint of rage .
The sooner we strike the better . '' He turned to Tuppence .
Deborah Pryce said Ohio Legal Services in Columbus will receive a $ 200,000 federal grant toward an online legal self-help center .
In the short term , U.S. consumers will benefit from cheap imports -LRB- as will U.S. multinationals that use parts made in East Asian factories -RRB- .
The cover story details the disturbing behavior of the Littleton killers before last week 's massacre .
Basically , to sell myself .
Of particular significance -- the American public has become acutely aware of the hazards to their health , including the risk of mortality , posed by inhalation of fine particles and exposure to mercury through fish consumption .
Among the allegations is that Tokyo Joe -- listen , he calls himself that -- duped subscribers to his e-mail advisory , exaggerating his annual returns by leaving out losing trades .
At the west end is a detailed model of the whole temple complex .
Visigoths sack Rome
Base year data will be actual receipt and outlay data for the last completed fiscal year
This town , which flourished between 6500 and 5500 b.c. , had flat-roofed houses of mud and timber decorated with wall-paintings , some of which show patterns that still appear on Anatolian kilims .
i think Buffalo is an up an coming team they 're going to they 're showing some real promise for the next uh few years
Ask Cook if she 's missed any . '' It occurred to me very forcibly at that moment that to harbour Miss Howard and Alfred Inglethorp under the same roof , and keep the peace between them , was likely to prove a Herculean task , and I did not envy John .
A new guideline , for example , may tell us to send heart surgery patients home earlier .
Ca ` daan felt his skin get hot and unable to come up with any suitable response , moved on .
On the platform stood an altar and a large stone pillar .
Moreover , these excise taxes , like other taxes , are determined through the exercise of the power of the Government to compel payment .
The mansions have been downgraded to consulates since the capital was transferred to Ankara in 1923 , and modern shops and restaurants have sprung up .
I am not aware of any studies comparing the number of words an average person could expect to hear spoken in a typical day 500 years ago vs. the number that can be heard now , but the increase surely is vast .
The basic elements of life in the Aegean began to come together as early as 5000 b.c. , and were already in place by the late Bronze Age -LRB- c.
I regretfully acknowledge that it may even make practical sense to have a few hired guns like Norquist , Downey , and Weber around -- people of value only for their connections to power , not for any knowledge or talent .
However , co-requesters can not approve additional co-requesters or restrict the timing of the release of the product after it is issued .
We have heard , seen this pattern before .
yeah and then about every five years you have to dig them up and throw them away and start over again they do n't last forever
On the Use of Generalized Additive Models in Time-Series Studies of Air Pollution and Health .
The 2000 census showed Illinois with about 35,000 fewer people who are eligible for LSC services because of low income , about $ 22,000 a year for a family of four , Kleiman said .
um-hum right do where are you at what state
Also , lack of winter freezes means that mites normally killed off by the cold will survive .
um i 've visited the Wyoming area i 'm not sure exactly where Dances with Wolves was filmed
Working for Philip Morris is n't like defending an indigent murderer in a death penalty appeal .
you know they ca n't really defend themselves like somebody grown uh say my age you know yeah
Chennai , known until 1996 as Madras , is easy-going , pleasant , and remarkably uncrowded .
See the idea ? '' 35 `` Then you think '' Tuppence paused to grasp the supposition fully `` that it WAS as Jane Finn that they wanted me to go to Paris ? '' Mr. Carter smiled more wearily than ever .
yeah because i was saying to him i said i 'm not that heavy i 'm not heavy you know maybe ten to fifteen pounds like any other human being
The providers worked with the newly created Legal Assistance to the Disadvantaged Committee of the Minnesota State Bar Association -LRB- MSBA -RRB- to create the Minnesota Legal Services Coalition State Support Center and the position of Director of Volunteer Legal Services , now the Access to Justice Director at the Minnesota State Bar Association .
For example , the CFO Council and the Office of Management and Budget -LRB- OMB -RRB- are aggressively working on eight priority initiatives outlined in the1998 Federal Financial Management Status Report and FiveYear Plan .
It was the heyday of the brilliant but lethal Spanish-Italian lecherous Rodrigo , who became Pope Alexander VI , and treacherous son Cesare , who stopped at nothing to control and expand the papal lands .
Try a selection at the Whisky Heritage Centre -LRB- they have over 100 for you to sample -RRB- , where you can then buy a bottle or two of your personal favorite in the shop or in stores around the city .
As shown in Exhibits A-1 and A-2 in Appendix A , in the first phase of technology implementation , an engineering review and assessment of the combustion unit is conducted to determine the preferred compliance alternative .
We need your help with another new feature that starts next week .
The commentary is chanted by a chorus of six to eight narrators -LRB- reminiscent of the chorus in Greek tragedy -RRB- who sit at the side of the stage , while musicians positioned at the back of the stage provide stark accompaniment with flute and drums .
Attractively colorful ukiyo-e woodblock prints and scroll paintings can be found in antique stores , second-hand bookstores , and even temple markets .
and take it easy now good night
In addition , Dublin Tourism has devised and signposted three self-guided walking tours of the city , which you can follow using the booklets provided .
While obviously constrained by their bondage , blacks nonetheless forged a culture rich with religious observances , folk tales , family traditions , song , and so on .
Voluntariness of risks is evaluated .
The search for an AIDS vaccine currently needs serious help , with the U.S. government , the biggest investor in the effort , spending less than 10 percent of its AIDS-research budget on the problem .
Ramses II did not build it from stone but had it hewn into the cliffs of the Nile valley at a spot that stands only 7 km -LRB- 4 miles -RRB- from the Sudan border , in the ancient land of Nubia .
Many Lakeland hotels also quote a D , B and B -LRB- dinner , bed , and breakfast -RRB- rate , which includes the evening meal and is often quite cost-effective .
um-hum yeah i know what that 's like uh-huh
As he emerged , Boris remarked , glancing up at the clock : `` You are early .
No , indeed , said Cynthia .
A chancy road winding up to the 475-metre -LRB- 1,560-foot -RRB- summit is likely to test the engine and suspension of your car , as well as your own persistence .
And , just incidentally , the Sons of the Egg who 'd attacked him in the hospital had tried to reach the camp twice already , once by interpenetrating into a shipment of mandrakes , which indicated to what measures they would resort .
By contrast , their grandson , who assumed the throne in 1516 , was born in Flanders in 1500 , and Charles I could barely express himself in Spanish .
yeah that 's the World League
So many seemingly contrary and opposing factors combine to make it unique .
One 23-year-old White House assistant was interrogated about a triple murder that took place at a Starbucks in Georgetown .
We always knew it was an outside chance .
Their ideas and initiatives can be implemented at the local and national levels .
The living is not equal to the Ritz , he observed with a sigh .
The Irish Architectural Archive , a library of architectural materials , is at number 73 on the south side of the square .
Unsurprisingly , golfing is prohibitively expensive .
huh-uh the the yeah see the Taurus Show has the spoiler kit and the and the big engine and the and stuff like that
Bush the elder came of age when New England Republicans led the party , and patrician manners were boons to a Republican .
the wagon man got killed when they attacked him
The FCC has created two tiers of small business for this service with the approval of the SBA .
Mack Lee , Body Servant of General Robert E. Lee Through the Civil War , published in 1918 .
Republican consultants agree that conservative candidates in the South , Southwest , Midwest , and Rocky Mountains will beg for Reed 's talents and connections .
Trying Your Luck
any bad stuff so uh i think TI we spend of of of all the major semiconductor firms we probably put safety and environmental on the utmost foremost uh uh first thing we always look at and we probably put more money into the systems and engineering behind the systems than any other firm i know of we eat and sleep the stuff everything we do over here and uh
John Kasich dropped his presidential bid .
The Throne Room is one of a series of apartments built during the reign of Charles II , though it was originally designed as a guard room that screened entrants to the private chambers beyond .
You wake up one bright autumn morning and you 're halfway to the subway when you decide to walk to work instead .
you 'd be crazy if you trust them but anyway call it what is it McCarthyism no i 'm not like that i just got enough common sense that nope to you come repent make a world apology for all the wrongs that you 've done and yeah we 've done wrongs but we 've not done near the atrocities they 've done and we need to maybe do that also you know
If I work at it , I might even be able to pick up some endorsements from members of the Sonics .
The younger girl ran screaming to her .
Local residents will tell you where to find them .
Unrest and some political extremism have surfaced from time to time , but since aid from France is so vital , and French customs so ingrained , it seems almost inconceivable that the FWI will seek total independence as other Caribbean islands have done .
Our efforts having been in vain , we had abandoned the matter , hoping that it might turn up of itself one day .
The emotional effect is undiminished , and the gory effects are usually horribly creative .
oh i 'll bet they did
The draft treaty was Tommy 's bait .
There 214 was some talk of sending me to a specialist in Paris .
Initiatives that we suggested for the CIO Council to consider
Hang it all ! said Tommy indignantly .
Each caters to a specific crowd , so hunt around until you find the one right for you .
The case law is a whole body unto itself .
The technology used to capture and evaluate information in response to the RFP permits LSC to compile and assess key information about the delivery system at the program , state , regional , and national level .
But there 's John '' and Miss Howard , surely they were speaking the truth ? ''
Then it occurred to me that the criminal standard was a low one .
In 1979 , he stopped at a Lexington clothing store to buy cowboy boots .
and these poor guys out there uh trying to uphold the law um i do n't know i kind of think they should bring back capital punishment
The opportunity
He says he brought the proposal for professional parachute helmets with an air-bag system . '
right and uh there 's usually nobody running against you know the incumbents
This historically renowned freshwater lake , known both as the Sea of Galilee and Lake Kinneret -LRB- meaning a harp , after its shape -RRB- , is just 58 km -LRB- 36 miles -RRB- in circumference .
Well , we 've just got to get down to it , that 's all .
Fruit , vegetables , electronics , and a little bit of everything else is on sale here .
` So I assume he hacked into the autopilot and reprogrammed it to - '
Does anyone know what happened to chaos ?
I do n't know what I would have done without Legal Services , said James .
How do you propose to get in touch with your would-be employers ?
In this moment of American triumphalism , it 's hard to resist the temptation to rewrite recent history as the narrative of America 's self-reliant , inevitable rise , and to see the future as the story of America 's continued ascent into the higher reaches of the New Economy .
i never managed to plan my departure right
so i do n't completely agree with that either
France knew a good thing when she seized one , but then so did Britain .
We should n't have been here as soon as this even , if it had n't been for the fact that there was a smart doctor on the spot , who gave us the tip through the Coroner .
well do you know you have a ten limit a ten minute time limit well that 's okay and then they come on and tell you and they tell you got five seconds to say good-bye
Specifically , by defining mission improvement objectives , senior executives determine whether their organization needs a CIO who is a networking/marketing specialist , business change agent , operations specialist , policy/oversight manager , or any combination thereof .
In 1099 , under their leaders Godfrey de Bouillon and Tancred , the Crusaders captured the Holy City for Christendom by slaughtering both Muslims and Jews .
well no see i 'm from a town named Panhandle
A little past the small theater built for local dramatic performances , there 's a fine view across the bay to Basse-Terre .
yeah i went to i went to uh Rice and we had the marching owl band which is quite a it 's not known for its musical abilities more so its um comedy abilities
In the stock market , however , the damage can get much worse .
Look out for that overseer up there .
He celebrated the fact by announcing that the capital would be moved from Calcutta to a whole new city to be built in Delhi .
Bettelheim committed suicide in 1990 , evidently having found life unbearable , despite -LRB- or because of -RRB- his fictions .
Here you 'll find many clothing stores for all ages and a large branch of Dunnes Stores , an Irish clothes - and food-shop chain .
-LRB- sums up the millennium coverage from around the globe , and examines whether the Y2K preparations were a waste . -RRB-
A funny place for a piece of brown paper , I mused .
She will step down from the court in December 2002 .
A portion of the nation 's income , in turn , is saved , allowing for additional investment in domestic factories , equipment , and other forms of capital that workers use to produce more goods and services or for investment abroad .
The Cooper Building forms the heart of L.A. 's Garment District , which is located southeast of central Downtown on Los Angeles Street .
Both were run by editors -LRB- Paul Williams , Jann Wenner -RRB- who saw rock stars as modern poets and voices of their generation .
In the same issue , a document entitled Analysis Regarding The Food And Drug Administration 's Jurisdiction Over Nicotine-Containing Cigarettes And Smokeless Tobacco Products was published and comments were requested .
The air is warm .
I am a lacto-vegetarian .
So , as he and Tipper walked out , my friend and I were right behind them , and I took the opportunity to say hello and reintroduce myself -- as a journalist , I might add -- and we chatted about the movie for a few minutes .
If the face has been getting longer at the bottom over the generations , it has been getting shorter -LRB- and broader -RRB- on top .
oh well yeah that 's all i have to say thank you
My usual partner . '
Perhaps we should prepare a militia .
Fast forward to 1994 and beyond .
The end is near ! Then a shout went up , and Hanson jerked his eyes from the gears to focus on a group of rocs that were landing at the far end of the camp .
Even as more people are accumulating balances through employer-sponsored 401 -LRB- k -RRB- saving plans and individual retirement accounts , personal saving-which does not reflect gains on existing assets-has declined .
He looks so awfully tired and bored , and yet you feel that underneath he 's just like steel , all keen 38 and flashing .
yes uh i bought a uh Bristol thirty five five for my wife
so i 'll probably say you know it 's like well we 've been talking for five six minutes so okay
Some experts say there 's a greater chance of a making a catch in the cooler days of spring and autumn , and in the hours after sunset .
Ricky Martin was filming his triumphant return to the gay porn industry .
-LSB- I -RSB- n You 're the Top Porter does not capitalize on the text 's potential for realism .
He charged Jon , knife high .
The leaves of the papyrus were dried and used by Ancient Egyptians as a form of paper .
Expectations that the ANC would oversee land reform -- returning land seized during apartheid 's forced migrations -- and wealth redistribution have not been met .
Strategic parents might spend a large portion of their tax cuts , causing interest rates to rise .
Nowadays , a poverty lawyer working for one of New York 's many agencies representing the indigent - including Legal Aid , the South Brooklyn Legal Services , the Lawyers Alliance for New York , InMotion , the Lawyers Committee for Human Rights , Volunteers of Legal Service , the Bronx Defenders and New York Lawyers for the Public Interest - might begin his or her career at $ 32,000 per annum , compared with the $ 125,000 average first-year associate salary at the city 's larger firms .
A fresh access of pain seized the unfortunate old lady .
There are no means of destroying it ; and he dare not keep it .
i 'm not exactly sure
As a result , EPA could not ensure that it was directing its efforts toward the environmental problems that were of greatest concern to citizens or posed the greatest risk to the health of the population or the environment itself .
In addition , the senior executives at these organizations demonstrated their sustained commitment to financerelated improvement initiatives by using key business/line managers to drive improvement efforts , attending key meetings , ensuring that the necessary resources are made available , and creating a system of rewards and incentives to recognize those who support improvement initiatives .
But it was quite a natural suggestion for a layman to make . ''
those little kids do n't understand it
oh sure sure right um-hum right
once you have something and it 's like i was watching this program on TV yesterday in nineteen seventy six NASA came up with Three D graphics right
yeah i try to no i uh uh try not to use any insecticides at all i try not to even use insecticides on my lawn but i sometimes i ca n't manage
De Wit worked from likenesses of actual monarchs to produce his portraits .
When people are late , it makes it hard to keep things working in a rational fashion .
In 1654 Oliver Cromwell , Lord Protector of England , dispatched a British fleet to the Caribbean to break the stranglehold of the Spanish .
He was crying like his mother had just walloped him .
yeah well we veered from the subject
The other bank pays the fund interest based upon tiered account levels , more typical of a large commercial account .
The last stages of uploading are like a mental dry-heave .
The White House denies this .
well his knees were bothering him yeah
for one twelve dollar check
The Congress also told LSC that it could not continue to fund its grantees presumptively and that it must begin to distribute its funds on a competitive basis .
from from personal parties or from these uh phone answering phone uh commercial things
Previously , at the request of the Republican Ranking Minority Member of the House Committee on Government Operations , GAO reviewed activities of President Clintonas Task Force on Health Care Reform and was provided with an extensive listing of working group participants drawn from the government and from outside organizations .
Christ on a crutch , what does he have to do to lose your support , stab David Geffen with a kitchen knife ?
and see if Kansas if Kansas yeah but then you know it could be what if they 're not hitting that night or they 're low or anything and see i i feel like the college you know it 's kids it 's still kids
The draft treaty was Tommy 's bait .
is that what you ended up going into
Net nonfederal saving
Sometimes more than one denomination shares one church .
The city was founded in the third millennium b.c. on the north shore of the bay , and reached a peak during the tenth century b.c. , when it was one of the most important cities in the Ionian Federation the poet Homer was born in S myrna during this period .
I am not aware of any studies comparing the number of words an average person could expect to hear spoken in a typical day 500 years ago vs. the number that can be heard now , but the increase surely is vast .
But even managers who try to stay alert to these forces often gather their information anecdotally or informally .
We 're going to try something different this morning , said Jon .
The large scale production of entertainment films is a phenomenon well worth seeing several times .
There is uncertainty associated with all of the numbers presented in this paper due to sampling error and estimation error in econometric estimation procedure used to recover household-level demand functions
The renowned Theban queen Nefertari , wife of Ramses II , has the most ornate tomb -LRB- number 66 -RRB- but it is not always accessible .
him ? '' she asked .
The increased investment has contributed to higher GDP growth in recent years , and the stronger economy should help in servicing the debt owed to foreigners .
More detailed implementation plans also will be necessary to address business system , processes , and resource issues .
Porches and stoops , those symbols of a vibrant social life , stopped being used as gathering places for a rather practical reason -- air conditioning .
I 'm sure he 'll be back to work soon enough - it 's only a leg wound , barely broken flesh .
But if banks , airlines , and communications companies accept key recovery , the terrorists will risk potential exposure every time they do business with those institutions .
There is uncertainty associated with all of the numbers presented in this paper due to sampling error and estimation error in econometric estimation procedure used to recover household-level demand functions
ECONOMETRIC MODEL - An equation or a set of related equations used to analyze economic data through mathematical and statistical techniques .
Instead , we could recommend that , compared with other settings , the prevalence of alcohol problems among ED patients makes it worthy of careful consideration .
For himself he chose Atat ?? rk , or Father of the Turks .
And far , far away - lying still on the tracks - was the back of the train .
I did n't get it at the time . '' The thought saddened him a little , for it seemed to prove that Mrs. Vandemeyer and the girl were on intimate terms .
Finally , the FDA will conduct workshops , issue guidance manuals and videotapes , and hold teleconferences to aid small entities in complying with the rule .
2 -RRB- This particular instance of it stinks .
A man like me can not fail ... .
agencies ' operating trust , enterprise and internal service funds -RRB- are required to produce auditable financial statements .
The cane plantations , increasingly in the hands of American tycoons , found a ready market in the US .
Unfortunately , the magnet schools began the undoing of desegregation in Charlotte .
do you really romance
you know we keep a couple hundred dollars um if that much charged on those which is n't too bad it 's just your normal
A clean , wholesome-looking woman opened it .
said San ` doro .
i 've even heard of some people being sexually abused
The NYT , in its front-page coverage , says the plane was flying far lower than the rules for training missions allow .
The next year , he was expelled from Rand as a security risk after local police caught him engaging in a lewd act in a public men 's room near Muscle Beach .
i think it 's ninety two
AC Green 's pretty good
exactly and when i 'm sitting here on the sofa cross-stitching and all of a sudden somebody a man 's got their hand on my door knob it 's like uh like oh no and so i do n't i do n't like that and i guess the only way to prevent it would be just to pass a city ordinance to prevent that or
An Indian traveler described the prosperous Bujang Valley settlement as the seat of all felicities .
China 's civil war sent distressing echoes to Hong Kong .
They copied Louis XIV 's centralized administration and tax-collection , and by the 18th century Turin was a sparkling royal capital built , quite unlike any other Italian city , in classical French manner .
Sphinxes were guardian deitiesinEgyptianmythologyandthis was monumentalprotection , standing73 m -LRB- 240 ft -RRB- longand20 m -LRB- 66 feet -RRB- high .
Its scorecard included measures for accuracy , speed and timeliness , unit cost , customer satisfaction , and employee development and satisfaction .
In both Britain and America , the term covers nearly everybody .
By coordinating policy development and awareness activities in this manner , she helps ensure that new risks and policies are communicated promptly and that employees are periodically reminded of existing policies through means such as monthly bulletins , an intranet web site , and presentations to new employees .
Favorite items that will help preserve your memories of the rugged Lakeland countryside are clothing or blankets made from the local Herdwick wool , coasters of polished slate , or walking sticks with ram 's - horn handles .
He celebrated the fact by announcing that the capital would be moved from Calcutta to a whole new city to be built in Delhi .
ECONOMETRIC MODEL - An equation or a set of related equations used to analyze economic data through mathematical and statistical techniques .
that was good and Poland yeah and i 've done some of those yeah i like i like things that are those are a few of the ones i can take of his i like it when they actually are giving you information in a novel format i guess would be the
Some bugs are hell to track down .
they do n't allow they do n't do that
Court officials include the phone numbers of the local Legal Services office and county lawyer referral system on every summons .
for me now the address is the same you know my my office address
That word boustrophedon describes writing that goes from left to right on the first line , then right to left on the second , then left to right on the third , and so on ; it comes from a Greek word describing the turning in a field of an ox and plow .
I leap ! '' And , in very truth , run and leap he did , gambolling wildly down the stretch of lawn outside the long window .
It 's just the beginning ! ''
Silverwork and Pewter
The entire setup has an anti-competitive , anti-entrepreneurial flavor that rewards political lobbying rather than good business practices .
i think it 's real good anyway it 's it 's been it was nice meeting you
that would be good what 'd you say
Not quite as large is the Papal Crose commemorating Pope John Paul II 's visit in 1979 , when more than one million people gathered to celebrate mass .
All of them slept in one cave on animal skins , a single large clay pot cooked all of their food .
Or just a philosophy of any weapon to hand ?
In fact , European nations need to do some serious fiscal housecleaning .
Local legend claims that he wrote part of his great saga , Os Lusadas , in what is now called the Camees Grotto , situated in the spacious tropical Camees Garden .
True devotees talk shop at even more specialized groups , such as one on Northeastern weather -LRB- ne.weather -RRB- , whose recent conversation topics included the great blizzard of 1978 and the freak snowstorm of May 1977 .
Executives do so by examining their internal environments and asking a series of questions about the problems that need fixing , how information technology and management can help , and how a CIO might best fit within their management structures to guide technology solutions .
The conversation he had overheard had stimulated his curiosity .
But Fish is not an upbeat pragmatist .
He felt the off-hand dagger 's weight in the small of his back .
We look forward to receiving comments from the readers of this paper .
Now suppose there is a private delivery firm in Cleveland that is competing with the postal service .
Oh yeah ? San Barenakedino ? How 's he ? Clarisse and Onardo both asked .
football and baseball and
What you say about Lawrence is a great surprise to me , I said .
Until all members of our society are afforded that access , this promise of our government will continue to be unfulfilled .
The first historical mention of Agra is in 1501 , when Sultan Sikandar Lodi made it his capital .
Possibly , but strychnine is a fairly rapid drug in its action .
This tourist heartland is also home to 100,000 Jamaicans who live in the hills surrounding the town .
The Implementation of National and European Legislation Concerning Air Emissions from Large Combustion Plants in Germany
Catch up on the Indian avant-garde and the bohemian people of Caletta at the Academy of Fine Arts on the southeast corner of the Maidan .
did oh they 're they are everywhere they
um-hum yeah we 're still pretty much you know in winter as far as that goes here
i wish it was as good over here as it is over there but if you 're the
Together they had a force of 130 attorneys and the responsibility to serve the civil legal needs of about 550,000 poor and vulnerable people throughout the state .
Ca ` daan saw confidence flow back into the young man .
That analysis is guided by an economist 's faith in the maxim that people are generally pretty good at looking out for their own interests .
Improved products and services Initiate actions and manage risks to develop new products and services within or outside the organization .
His heels clicked together .
yeah it 's just a matter of education i think
if it had rained any more in the last two weeks instead of planting Saint Augustine grass in the front yard i think i would have plowed everything under and had a rice field
It shows clearly enough that my poor old friend had just found out she 'd been made a fool of !
Nash showed up for an MIT New Year 's Eve party clad only in a diaper .
In fact , you 're going to be rewarded .
Kicked out of the house when she was only 16 -LRB- she was called Suzie in those days -RRB- , Roy went to Delhi and then to architecture school , supporting herself by selling empty milk bottles -LRB- some say beer bottles -RRB- .
Such experience better enables the CIOs to work with business managers to build a shared vision for meeting mission needs .
The next year , he built himself a palace , Iolani , which can still be toured in Honolulu .
The Celts arrived in the wake of the Roman withdrawal at the end of the fourth century .
Keep your eyes open for Renaissance details , grand doorways , and views into lovely courtyards .
And who should decide ?
But it just might be because he 's afraid he 'll lose his No .
First , we can acknowledge , and maybe even do something about , some of the disaffecting fallout from globalization , such as pollution and cultural dislocation .
Bauerstein had been at Styles on the fatal night , and added : `` He said twice : ` That alters everything . ' And I 've been thinking .
The 2000 census showed Illinois with about 35,000 fewer people who are eligible for LSC services because of low income , about $ 22,000 a year for a family of four , Kleiman said .
Czarek was welcomed enthusiastically , even though the poultry brotherhood was paying a lot of sudden attention to the newcomers - a strong group of young and talented managers from an egzemo-exotic chicken farm in Fodder Band nearby Podunkowice .
Ca ` daan saw confidence flow back into the young man .
The Kal whistled and Vrenna 's eyes sparkled when she saw Jon swing it .
Other villages are much less developed , and therein lies the essence of many delights .
Indeed , said San ` doro .
Yet Mrs. Inglethorp ordered a fire !
Linda Tripp was indicted for illegally taping telephone conversations with Monica Lewinsky .
You can find Manchester , Sheffield , and Cambridge in Jamaica , to name but three .
Waldemar Szary , a food technician at the OSM ` Paziocha ' , was having a very bad day - the kind of a very bad day , which normally comes after one of those very good days .
' Blankley replies , And there are fund-raisers going out in other parts of the country to raise ` The conservatives are coming , the conservatives are coming .
To be fair , Si does n't pay for all such treats .
i think that yeah i think and i i think that 's real important
oh does it sure
Changes in technology and its application to electronic commerce and expanding Internet applications will change the specific control activities that may be employed and how they are implemented , but the basic requirements of control will not have changed .
We come to a little difficulty here , since Mrs. Inglethorp never drank it . ''
The Honorable Bill Archer , Chairman The Honorable Charles B. Rangel Ranking Minority Member Committee on Ways and Means House of Representatives
To help ensure the success of GPRA , the CFO Council , which the CFO Act created to provide the leadership foundation necessary to effectively carry out the Chief Financial Officers ' responsibilities , established a GPRA Implementation Committee .
It lacked intelligence , introspection , and humor -- it was crass , worthy of Cosmopolitan or Star . I do have a sense of humor , but can only appreciate a joke when it starts with a grain of truth .
But the state does arguably have an interest , compatible with the First Amendment , in stipulating the way those media are used , and Fiss ' discussion of those issues is the least aggravating in his book .
He 's been mean-spirited and vicious for so long that editors and reporters are tired of hearing about it .
But there 's John '' and Miss Howard , surely they were speaking the truth ? ''
Wanniski and company have been drubbed by the Wall Street Journal , the New York Times ' A.M.
Research and development is composed of
And that squatting he does -- it 's as uncomfortable as it looks .
If you need to use the mail , it would be helpful if you sent your comments both in writing and on diskette -LRB- in Word or ASCII format -RRB- .
okay okay that 's it that GTE had purchased Tigon and yeah that 's what we have
Charles Geveden has introduced legislation that will increase the Access to Justice supplement on court filing fees .
I could 've afforded a much swankier , up-town place - or at least , a slightly swankier , mid-town place - but all that space would just encourage me to clutter .
yeah yeah if they do come up with a positive regardless of what uh what it was they detected uh we 're required to go attend a uh a counseling session
uh and i think even Electric Light Orchestra had some some real um influences by classical music and i 'm still still my favorite in fact most of my CDs that i got are classical music
for me now the address is the same you know my my office address
so i do n't completely agree with that either
The media focused on Liggett 's admissions of the obvious -- that cigarettes are addictive and cause cancer and heart disease -- and its agreement to pay the states a quarter of its -LRB- relatively small -RRB- pretax profits for the next 25 years .
The AMS system also allows users to search the full text of the public comments , identifies form letter comments and ex parte communications ,8 and provides a list of related government web sites-features that are currently not available in the DOT docket management system .
Children will enjoy the little steam train that loops around the bay to Le Crotoy in the summer .
Took forever .
yes i 've had a German Shepherd that did that one time
The islands ' names refer to the different force winds hitting them , not their topography .
General Motors , for instance , lost $ 460 million to strikes in 1997 , but investors treated the costs as a kind of extraordinary charge and valued the company as if the losses had never happened .
Pro-choicers point out that these close-up images literally cut the fetus 's context -- the woman -- out of the picture .
I am glad she was n't , said Jon .
oh really yeah so he he 's uh he 's probably going to be going to jail and and the problem with him is he 's on a guaranteed salary like for three years so whether he plays or not they 've got to pay him ten million dollars so if they
I do n't know .
News berates computer users for picking obvious , easily cracked passwords and chastises system administrators for ignoring basic security precautions .
It is housed in a Martello A series of such towers , some 12 m -LRB- 40 ft -RRB- high and 2.5 m -LRB- 8 ft -RRB- thick , were constructed along the coast at the beginning of the 19th century to guard against invasion by Napoleon .
Clearly , GAO needs assistance to meet its looming human capital challenges .
Two , most other productive operations are easier to study and understand , since few firms have 40,000 locations and a large proportion of their workforce working outdoors .
Why blame her because she had been true to her creed ?
Candle grease ?
Shall I tell you what it would be like for your soul to live in the muck of a swamp in a mandrake root ? Dave shook his head .
yeah i can usually i can put in oh probably mid March i can put anything in the ground you know beets and onions and stuff like that
Last year at Tuscaloosa 's Turning Point Domestic Violence Sexual Assault Services , half of the 160 women who sought shelter used Legal Services , said executive director Kathy Benitez .
Knowing this can help workers understand that some combination of revenue increases and benefit reductions will be necessary to restore the program 's long-term solvency .
The avenue on the left leads towards the pointed Divan Tower -LRB- Divan Kulesi -RRB- , at the foot of which lie the Council Chamber and the Grand Vezir 's Office .
yeah that 's that 's a big step yeah
and the nurses are n't no see you have to pay that
One or two , replied Tommy modestly , and plunged into his recital .
We look forward to receiving comments from the readers of this paper .
But the world is not run for the edification of tourists .
Built in a.d. 688 691 , it is decorated in thousands of exquisite , predominantly blue and yellow , Persian ceramic tiles , with Koranic scriptures on the lintels .
More works can be seen in the museum attached to the cathedral -LRB- admission is around 100 pe?setas -RRB- .
Be sure to look around and compare before buying .
Those Creole men and women you 'll see dancing it properly have been moving their hips and knees that way since childhood .
right oh they 've really done uh good job of keeping everybody informed of what 's going on sometimes i 've wondered if it was n't almost more than we needed to know
Once there , he or she must alight from the vehicle and proceed to the mailbox , then return to the vehicle , turn it around and proceed to the road .
A niche incumbent might provide delivery less frequently or to a subset of possible stops .
That 's an opportunity that very few people have had .
Marina del Rey is another , where you can also charter a yacht .
For this report , we provide an overview of the major theories about why people save and describe various factors associated with the decline in personal saving .
The equipment you need for windsurfing can be hired from the beaches at Tel Aviv -LRB- marina -RRB- , Netanya , Haifa -LRB- at Bat Galim beach -RRB- , Tiberias , and Eilat .
Built in a.d. 715 to help measure the peak and trough of the Nile flood .
What the judge really wants are the facts -- he wants to make a good decision , he said .
In Roman times a temple to Jupiter stood here , followed in the fourth century by the first Christian church , Saint-Etienne .
The researchers found expected stresses like the loss of a check in the mail and the illness of loved ones .
George W. Bush and Bill Bradley are not talking about individual holders of wealth .
and the NIT semifinals are on tonight
Although this award will now be handed out annually , Bailey was selected for several years of his commitment .
The Romans built roads and established towns , including the towns of Palmaria -LRB- Palma -RRB- and Pollentia -LRB- near present-day Alc ?? dia -RRB- .
The Joint Venture which has so amply justified itself by success ! '' It was drunk with acclamation .
Do n't expect to be swinging much after midnight , even in towns .
Diets for men in their prime
no that 's true and and and Lord knows with that legislature up there they probably did all kinds of things while he was n't looking
The entrance is also home to several sculptures , including one of Carlyle , the gallery 's founding father .
yeah um gosh i think it was only like three and a half pounds and for me that 's big that 's why i 'm saying i love to go fishing because i 've never caught anything really really big um so because it 's always been you know in the on a lake and uh i know they have bigger fish than that but you know three and a half pounds and that was huge for me
Citing conservative critics of Brown vs.
The notable thing for me about the Left Behind series -- beside the fact that few in the secular media have noticed that millions of Americans are busy reading books warning about the imminence of one-world government , mass death , and the return of the Messiah , is that all the Jewish characters are Christian .
appropriate agency representatives , help resolve
Also , stakeholders may not interpret principles consistently , and it is important for stakeholders to have the same conceptual framework as preparers when interpreting a principle .
The city plans to build a community center for Lincoln Place and a future fire station on the site .
Executives do so by examining their internal environments and asking a series of questions about the problems that need fixing , how information technology and management can help , and how a CIO might best fit within their management structures to guide technology solutions .
We will also need any able bodied men to help us spike the river .
any bad stuff so uh i think TI we spend of of of all the major semiconductor firms we probably put safety and environmental on the utmost foremost uh uh first thing we always look at and we probably put more money into the systems and engineering behind the systems than any other firm i know of we eat and sleep the stuff everything we do over here and uh
Built in a.d. 688 691 , it is decorated in thousands of exquisite , predominantly blue and yellow , Persian ceramic tiles , with Koranic scriptures on the lintels .
But the real dirty work had already been done .
when there was the ball that was sort of hit to Buckner to Buckner
It 's conceivable that some of these allegations are true , and there 's no harm in checking them out , as long as the decedent 's family agrees to participate .
but i think that 's probably a good idea
He looks so awfully tired and bored , and yet you feel that underneath he 's just like steel , all keen 38 and flashing .
After criticizing the GOP openly for weeks , Buchanan announced that he would seek the Reform presidential nomination , which would bring him $ 12 million in federal funds .
He fell in love with Monica Lewinsky -- and even told her he wanted to be with her when he left office .
The Passaic office is refusing to join in that reconfiguration , which goes into effect Jan. .
Funchal 's central area boasts the best variety of shops and local products on the island .
It will be held in the Maryland woods , and the telecast will consist of jittery footage of the contestants ' slow descent into madness as they are systematically stalked and disappeared/disqualified by Bob Barker .
After several years of private practice from 1982-90 , he became the judge of Decatur County Court for a year .
David Cope , a professor of music at the University of California at Santa Cruz , claims to have created a 42 nd Mozart symphony .
Jon was fighting at full speed , sweat forming on his brow .
He saw Stark buried under the earth , screaming for a mercy or death that would never come and crawling out of the rock decades later .
After being diagnosed with cancer , Carrey 's Kaufman decides to do a show at Carnegie Hall .
The Congress also told LSC that it could not continue to fund its grantees presumptively and that it must begin to distribute its funds on a competitive basis .
in one sense um i 'm i 'm an older person in my fifties so i feel that we 've lost some things in the sense that women have to work today
After shuttering the DOE , Clinton could depict himself as a crusader against waste and bureaucracy who succeeded where even Reagan failed .
Aswan became a backwater following the decline of the Egyptian Empire , far removed from power bases at Alexandria and Cairo .
Upon commencement of commercial operation of each new utility unit under subpart 1 of part B , the unit shall comply with the requirements of subsection -LRB- a -RRB- -LRB- 1 -RRB- .
In the first instance , IRS would have no record of time before the person could get through to an agent and of discouraged callers .
yes i 've had a German Shepherd that did that one time
It takes a deeper fire than most salamanders can stir , Ser Perth .
We will also need any able bodied men to help us spike the river .
St. Barts , of course , is completely undefended .
Missouri was asked to continue its planning efforts and file a supplemental planning report with LSC on or before October 1 , 1999 .
I do n't know .
It is that prospect that may bring Republicans together to defend a CPI everyone knows is inaccurate .
The thing started to grow brighter .
Our work has also shown that agencies can do a better job of providing incentives to encourage employees to improve performance and achieve results .
yeah maybe the maybe they 'll bring their good schools with them you know if the industry comes
Children will enjoy the little steam train that loops around the bay to Le Crotoy in the summer .
At the end of the show is a cluster of popular sportswear with Tommy Hilfiger , Donna Karan , Nautica , the Gap , and such names applied to it .
Continue along the Quai Saint-Nicolas to the Mus ?? e Alsacien at num?ber 23 , a group of 16th - and 17th-century houses appropriate to the colorful collections of Alsatian folklore .
For more than a year , Clinton 's surrogates have been calling Starr an out-of-control prosecutor .
It has served as a fortress for the Gallo-Romans , the Visigoths , Franks , and medieval French -LRB- you can see the layers of their masonry in the ramparts -RRB- .
yeah they 're still laying off like over in Fort Worth and a lot of other companies too just here and there
that 's uh only way to do it
Click Friedrich Hayek ring to go ...
It is the official solution , Liq .
The order was founded by James VII -LRB- James II of England -RRB- and continues today .
Today the strait is busy with commercial shipping , ferries , and fishing boats , and its wooded shores are lined with pretty fishing villages , old Ottoman mansions , and the villas of Istanbul 's wealthier citizens .
Dole : We ought to agree that somebody else should do it .
The island 's burgeoning economic significance propelled population growth , and by the middle of the 15th century Madeira was home to 800 families .
you 'd be crazy if you trust them but anyway call it what is it McCarthyism no i 'm not like that i just got enough common sense that nope to you come repent make a world apology for all the wrongs that you 've done and yeah we 've done wrongs but we 've not done near the atrocities they 've done and we need to maybe do that also you know
you know and then how long are they supposed to take it
Kicked out of the house when she was only 16 -LRB- she was called Suzie in those days -RRB- , Roy went to Delhi and then to architecture school , supporting herself by selling empty milk bottles -LRB- some say beer bottles -RRB- .
She was taken to the infirmary , and on recovering consciousness gave her name as Jane Finn .
more than anything else in this day and age that 's got to be a big factor in your decision 's just the the cost of how much you 're gon na pay
She People are rarely indifferent to the magazines I 've put out .
At the eastern end of Back Lane and turning right , Nicholas Street becomes Patrick Street , and in St. Patrick 's Close is St. Patrick 's Cathedral .
The Aegean has a short , wet spring when walking , hiking , and mountain biking are extremely enjoyable activities , because the weather is pleasant but not too hot .
right well the preseason really does n't mean anything either
But if you do , kill them .
yeah and i 'll do this uh sometimes i 'll put my after I pour that into my back into my saucepan i 'll put the eggs in the same dish and beat them up and then pour the cornstarch and the milk mixture in the egg so
Some management consultants describe dysfunctional interactions with one 's fellow workers as value-subtracting behavior .
If there was a bit of Fuller in Leonardo , there was also a bit of Liberace in this theatrical , high-living dandy who favored brocade doublets and bad boys with pretty faces .
It might not stop them completely but it would slow them the first night .
and uh i 'm originally from Virginia and uh and my memories of summer have always been that stifling humidity
Among the disadvantages are that the degree of innovation and product differentiation might continue to be limited .
IDPA 's OIG 's mission is to prevent , detect , and eliminate fraud , waste , abuse , and misconduct in various payment programs .
uh uh yeah that well um the older you get the more convenience you try to bring with you i guess so i 'm up to dragging the trailer around which is my next step is going to be probably Winnebago i hope if i only can afford one but that
After criticizing the GOP openly for weeks , Buchanan announced that he would seek the Reform presidential nomination , which would bring him $ 12 million in federal funds .
A proserous tourist district , it is full of shopping centers and department stores , along with a number of good restaurants .
yeah what do you do
The crucial part of that world is the home where parents relate to children .
um-hum um-hum um-hum yeah yeah it is i do n't know i think it 's a very interesting um discussion you know and and there 's certainly uh lots of pros and cons around it
trying to keep grass alive during a summer on a piece of ground that big was expensive
and I 'm not a Negro tonight !
When Mr. Hastings and Mr. Lawrence came in yesterday evening , they found your mistress busy writing letters .
At the top , it bore the printed stamp of Messrs.
The average length of a rural route is 55 miles .
The bridge would work for a very short time but the stream is n't a clear defense .
` No one in Large would ever try to harm us .
San ` doro 's blood ran over Stark 's blade and into Stark 's other cupped hand .
The more popular offerings include kuru fasulye -LRB- haricot beans in tomato sauce -RRB- , patlecan kizartmas -LRB- aubergine fried in olive oil and garlic -RRB- , and a range of salads .
Earlier this week , the Pakistani paper Dawn ran an editorial about reports that Pakistani poppy growers are planning to recultivate opium on a bigger scale because they have n't received promised compensation for switching to other crops .
There 's a dramatic difference between someone like Michael Dell and someone like Al Dunlap .
They encourage the view that there 's nothing -- from Iraqi germ weapons programs to Serbian atrocities -- that a few invisible planes ca n't fix .
In May 1967 , Gallup found that the number of people who said they intensely disliked RFK -- who was also probably more intensely liked than any other practicing politician -- was twice as high as the number who intensely disliked Johnson , the architect of the increasingly unpopular war in Vietnam .
Pesticide concentrations should not exceed USEPA 's Ambient Water Quality chronic criteria values where available .
That , too , was locked or bolted on the inside .
17 An alternative to unaddressed mail would be to auction off the right to be a third bundle on specific days in specific post offices .
um-hum they keep you entertained they sure do we have a uh my wife 's uh mother is uh oh about seventy seven i guess she really gets a thrill when we go over to see her and bring the dog i think she 's more happy to see the dog than she is us
Several of its beaches are officially designated for nudism -LRB- known locally as naturisme -RRB- the most popular being Pointe Tarare and a functionary who is a Chevalier de la L ?? gion d'Honneur has been appointed to supervise all aspects of sunning in the buff .
There are no means of destroying it ; and he dare not keep it .
well this is real interesting that you 're as far away as you are because i really thought this was uh uh we ` re
Given the limits on the WTO 's jurisdiction , it was probably unreasonable of Kodak to expect a real victory .
kind of kind of nothing i wo n't have anything to do with
The lucrative tin mines of Kuala Lumpur in the State of Selangor , of Sungai Ujong in Negeri Sembilan , and of Larut and Taiping in Perak were run for the Malay rulers by Chinese managers providing coolie labor .
Bien ! he said at last .
The Gaiety Theatre in South King Street is worth visiting for its ornate d ?? cor .
In these cases , participants risk losing not only their jobs but also a significant portion of their retirement savings if their company files for bankruptcy .
Since his death it has been transformed into the Bob Marley Museum and carefully managed by the Marley family to protect the memory of his life .
We always knew it was an outside chance .
St. Barts , of course , is completely undefended .
And Alan Tonelson , of the U.S.
and have been back and every now and then some news filters in that they went to see some of the old things and of course the savings and loan program um that was that you know that that just continued to grow in fact after my group i mean we were just a very small specialized group too to get that going and spread and then of course Peace Corps bowed out of that because that 's uh uh something that nationalized very quickly and the same with the coops
Therefore , many leading finance organizations have calculated and compared these percentages as a general indication of how well they supported the organization 's business objectives .
` We ca n't find him , Benjamin , ' Lincoln/Natalia said .
Then as he caught the other 's sidelong glance , `` No , the chauffeur wo n't help you any .
I hope that our common interests will lead us to a consensus - one that will provide the country with significant benefits .
New York Times columnist Bob Herbert asserts that managed care has bought Republican votes and that patients will die as a result .
She had thrown away her cloak and tied her hair back into a topknot to keep it out of the way .
I knew him and liked and respected him .
Something broke inside her , something in her head .
Their rulers introduced Buddhist and Hindu culture , Brahmin ministers to govern , and an elaborate court ritual .
Traffic , also , has been controlled , and if you 're staying here you might want to consider getting around by bicycle ; there 's no better way to explore an island that measures no more than 20 km -LRB- 121.2 miles -RRB- from end to end , one-fifth the size of Ibiza .
okay what types of music do you like to listen to
But if Clinton consents , censure and community service can proceed .
For more sweeping panoramas , you can hike for less than an hour to either summit Petit-Bourg -LRB- 716 m/2 ,349 ft -RRB- or Pigeon -LRB- 770 m/2 ,526 ft -RRB- .
This fellow is flying a hot air balloon and suddenly realizes he is lost .
What idiots girls are !
She hardly needs to mention it -- the media bring it up anyway -- but she invokes it subtly , alluding -LRB- as she did on two Sunday talk shows -RRB- to women who drive their daughters halfway across the state to shake my hand , a woman they dare to believe in .
-LRB- And yes , he has said a few things that can , with some effort , be construed as support for supply-side economics . -RRB-
NHTSA concluded that while section 330 superseded the section 32902 criteria , it did not supersede the section 32902 mandate that there be CAFE standards for model year 1998 .
We will also need any able bodied men to help us spike the river .
Reports on attestation engagements should state that the engagement was made in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards .
now that 's an interesting point yeah i mean once the expectations are
CHAPTER 3 : FEDERAL MISSION PP
i do n't know um-hum
Rouen is the ancient center of Normandy 's thriving textile industry , and the place of Joan of Arc 's martyrdom ' a national symbol of resistance to tyranny .
do you think most states have that or
Several of its beaches are officially designated for nudism -LRB- known locally as naturisme -RRB- the most popular being Pointe Tarare and a functionary who is a Chevalier de la L ?? gion d'Honneur has been appointed to supervise all aspects of sunning in the buff .
uh the one we thought would be the most timid uh turned out to be the one that stuck with it and was the first to learn
Thus , recent evidence suggests that by not including an estimate of reductions in short-term mortality due to changes in ambient ozone , both the Base and Alternative Estimates may underestimate the benefits of implementation of the Clear Skies Act .
Treasure Beach -LRB- South Coast -RRB-
i do n't know if you have a place there called uh or you probably have something similar we call it Service Merchandise
you know it 's it 's not easy to do but
uh right now we 're actually having uh it 's getting nice i mean it was in the high fifties today but three and a half weeks ago we had an ice storm
How to Watch Washington Week in Review : Back to front .
The National Association of State Information Resource Executives -LRB- NASIRE -RRB- represents state chief information officers -LRB- CIO -RRB- and information resource executives who share a mission to shape national information technology policy through collaborative partnerships , information sharing , and knowledge transfer .
On the northern slopes of this rocky outcropping is the site of the ancient capital of the island , also called Thira , which dates from the third century b.c. -LRB- when the Aegean was under Ptolemaic rule -RRB- .
And there was me .
During the Crimean War -LRB- 1854 56 -RRB- she set up a hospital in the huge Selimiye Barracks -LRB- Selimiye Kelase -RRB- .
Then he gave in .
no uh i have a friend who works for TI and uh i work for a a tire service here in i 'm from Dallas
um we tried that but we really were n't happy with it so he does that all himself now
She had the pathetic aggression of a wife or mother -- to Bunt there was no difference .
Some rooms have balconies .
Why should n't he be ?
One thing was worrying me dreadfully , but my heart gave a great throb of relief when I saw my ulster lying carelessly over the back of a chair .
i guess it 's just you know and when i think about that lady this this particular lady who wrote me a check for twelve dollars and it bounced and i sent it through you know sent it through the check through the bank once and she incurred at least a fifteen dollar fee
Mortifyingly enough , it is all the difficulty , the laziness , the pathetic formlessness in youth , the round peg in the square hole , the whatever do you want ?
Designed by George Meikle Kemp , an unknown draftsman of humble birth , the monument took its inspiration from the design of MelroseAbbey .
Britain 's best-selling tabloid , the Sun , announced as a front-page world exclusive Friday that Texan model Jerry Hall has started divorce proceedings against aging rock star Mick Jagger at the High Court in London .
the winged Victory of Samothrace and the beautifully proportioned Venus de Milo .
uh plastic is just too easy i mean that 's the that 's the whole problem with it um have
but but it is peaceful i mean it is relaxing to do once you find the time to do it
Evaluating the intent of the six principles , we observed that they naturally fell into three distinct sets , which we refer to as critical success factors .
After the high emotion of de Gaulle 's march down the Champs-Elys ?? es , the business of post-war reconstruction , though boosted by the generous aid of the Americans ' Mar?shall Plan , proved arduous , and the wartime alliance of de Gaulle 's conservatives and the Communist Party soon broke down .
While the Freedom of Information Act , the Trade Secrets Act , and other statutes may generally protect certain categories of information from disclosure by an agency to the public , this protection does not justify withholding the information from GAO .
The family .
On the window above the sink a small container is stuffed with bits of leftovers -- the red berries of barberry , small twigs of willow , cuttings of hinoki cypress with its fruits attached , and the pendulous leathery seed pods of wisteria .
A profile crowns Chris Rock The Funniest Man in America .
Occasionally , he 'd wince and apologise for any incoherence .
to see this kind of thing and you know if you can do any any little bit it helps so
yep because it 's when it 's self propelled it 's heavy yeah
and see if Kansas if Kansas yeah but then you know it could be what if they 're not hitting that night or they 're low or anything and see i i feel like the college you know it 's kids it 's still kids
Other villages are much less developed , and therein lies the essence of many delights .
Following publication of the proposed rule -LRB- 58 Fed .
The Saver-Spender Theory of Fiscal Policy , Working Paper 7571 .
Given the limits on the WTO 's jurisdiction , it was probably unreasonable of Kodak to expect a real victory .
He said the Web site will help bridge the digital divide that keeps the poor from using the Internet as a resource .
He appropriated for the State much of the personal fortunes of the princes , but found it harder to curtail the power of land-owners who had extensive contacts with the more conservative elements in his Congress Party .
The entire economy received a massive jump-start with the outbreak of the Korean War , with Japan ironically becoming the chief local supplier for an army it had battled so furiously just a few years earlier .
Err ... I do n't know .
no it did n't
In these cases , participants risk losing not only their jobs but also a significant portion of their retirement savings if their company files for bankruptcy .
uh high humidity
The lucrative tin mines of Kuala Lumpur in the State of Selangor , of Sungai Ujong in Negeri Sembilan , and of Larut and Taiping in Perak were run for the Malay rulers by Chinese managers providing coolie labor .
I knew him and liked and respected him .
i i have some feelings about it in the sense that i feel if a person is guilty beyond a reasonable doubt and it 's a really heinous crime i feel like the Bible says an eye for an eye
Critics praise Goodman 's finely honed descriptive abilities and instinctive grasp of familial dynamics , the ways in which dreams and emotional habits are handed down ...
This marvelous Victorian-Gothic building is famous for the fanciful stone carvings around the base of its pillars -LRB- one pillar , reputedly depicting the club members , shows monkeys playing billiards -RRB- .
eThe number of deletions was negligible .
He caught a grip on himself , fighting the fantasies of his mind , and took another breath of air .
2466 , discusses the four collections , which include certification of a minimum number of installed and operating microwave links and the maintenance of a computer-readable database .
The narthex , or entrance hall to the nave , is crowned by a magnificent sculpted tympanum of Jesus enthroned after the Resurrection , preaching his message to the Apostles .
made by the FCIC based on such comments are discussed in the preambles to the final rules .
At eight in the morning .
But there 's plenty more .
They did this to us .
and uh we went through a time period that we had three Danes
His ruthless campaigns resulted in more than 600,000 Irish dead or deported .
yeah that 's up here in New England that 's we call that backpacking which is the same thing which is you 're you 've got everything on your back you know an aluminum camp frame uh
The Mosque of El-Jezzar , built in 1781 , dominates the landside of the old city -LRB- the other three sides jut into the Mediterranean -RRB- .
Summary of Deferred Maintenance as of September 30 , 199Z -LRB- in Millions of Dollars -RRB- :
experiencing cost growth , manufacturing problems with test aircraft , and testing delays .
The cold air and the abundance of water gave them all good cheer that eve .
Improvements in architecture , regaining intimate space and scale and all the rest , wo n't disguise the ugliness of advertising the local bank , Chevy dealer , and chain retailer as a backdrop for baseball .
oh really yeah i 've i 've never seen either one of them
well what is it
The fancifully decorated Macau Palace , a floating casino moored on the western waterfront , is fitted out with gambling tables , slot machines -LRB- known locally as hungry tigers -RRB- and , for hungry humans , a restaurant .
uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh yeah well that 's really neat
South Along the Caribbean
Vrenna looked it and smiled .
Hindus then went on the rampage through Sikh communities , resulting in a round of communal violence .
On the west side of the square is Old King 's House -LRB- built in 1762 -RRB- , which was the official residence of the British governor ; it was here that the proclamation of emancipation was issued in 1838 .
Agricultural shows
The tents had been burned , but there was a new building where the main tent had been .
The river-beds are mostly too shallow for anything but flat-bottomed boats .
This tax preference allows state and local governments to borrow at lower rates to build highways , schools , mass transit facilities , and water systems .
She has believed that the sleeping draught she administered was perfectly harmless , but there is no doubt that for one terrible moment she must have feared that Mrs. Inglethorp 's death lay at her door .
The Cooper Building forms the heart of L.A. 's Garment District , which is located southeast of central Downtown on Los Angeles Street .
it 's actually there well Iraq has had uh designs on that place since nineteen twenty two so you know it was n't like something that just suddenly popped up
The materials then are searched for counterevidence and subsidiary or branching paths are laid out .
It is nice to be reminded that people remember .
so i how do you feel that it should be applied
that 's neat just supervised more or less than anything and security i guess for them
well yeah that really is scary
The following are examples of how teams were used in the agency initiatives we reviewed .
you know and then how long are they supposed to take it
you know like CODA comes out of your out of your pay and the credit union comes out of your pay so we do n't have to do anything there and the rest of it as far as my salary goes i just have it automatically deposited in into our bank
But Fish is not an upbeat pragmatist .
A fresh access of pain seized the unfortunate old lady .
This marvelous Victorian-Gothic building is famous for the fanciful stone carvings around the base of its pillars -LRB- one pillar , reputedly depicting the club members , shows monkeys playing billiards -RRB- .
And Doctor Perennial just stood there and when the evil drill sergeant woke up in him once again , he received an SMs .
It was like looking into a mirror , except infinitely more realistic .
So it has gone , with conspiracism playing a role in crisis after crisis .
Keep young skins safe by covering them with sunblock or a T-shirt , even when in the water .
But the state does arguably have an interest , compatible with the First Amendment , in stipulating the way those media are used , and Fiss ' discussion of those issues is the least aggravating in his book .
Tommy Thompson of Wisconsin and Mayor Rudolph Giuliani of New York , the conservative vanguard on the issue , show no inclination to exploit research that says , in effect , Why care about day-care quality ?
IDAs are special in that low-income savers receive matching funds from federal and state governments as well as private sector organizations as an incentive to save .
Increased saving by current generations would expand the nation 's capital stock , allowing future generations to better afford the nation 's retirement costs while also enjoying higher standards of living .
I can FEEL him . ''
and the professors who go there and you 're not going to see the professors you know you 're going to see some TA you know uh
This one-at-a-time , uncoordinated series of regulatory requirements for the power industry is not the optimal approach for the environment , the power generation sector , or American consumers .
In 392 the Emperor Theodosius proclaimed Christianity to be the official religion of the Roman Empire , and on his death in 395 the empire was split once more , between his two sons , and was never again to be reunited .
The biography itself , which uses unpublished diaries and untapped Cuban government archives , is praised for having done a masterly job in evoking Che 's complex character , in separating the man from the myth -LRB- Peter Canby , the New York Times Book Review -RRB- . The Weekly Standard 's Stephen Schwartz calls it tainted for having received official support from the Castro regime and for abetting a Che revival .
see too much crime on TV and they think it 's way to go i do n't know what do you think
Three more days went by in dreary inaction .
or just get out and walk uh or even jog a little although i do n't do that regularly but Washington 's a great place to do that
No money no results ! '' Another voice which Tommy rather thought was that of Boris replied : `` Will you guarantee that there ARE results ? ''
Saint-Th ?? gonnec is an outstanding example , its triumphal arch setting the tone for the majestic calvary of 1610 .
so uh listen i 'll call Triple A uh auto club any time
But , Slate protests , it was -LSB- Gates ' -RSB- byline that appeared on the cover .
Once or twice , but they seem more show than battle , said Adrin .
Hardly catering to locals , Universal Citys Cityalk attempts to snag tourist dollars with its extensive collection of retail wonders , including magic shops , toy stores , sports shops , and a host of science fiction memorabilia .
Such a knowledgebased process enables decision makers to be reasonably certain about critical facets of the product under development when they need this knowledge .
In the 1980s , and as late as 1994 , a major Republican theme was a sort of taunting , nyah-nyah populism .
They drive it around the country in a dilapidated ice-cream truck trying to keep it cool .
In a magical space looking out over the sea , the beautifully sculpted columns of the cloister create a perfect framework of grace and delicacy for a moment 's meditation .
Even after having just seen Adrin 's skill with his rapier , Ca ` daan had not seen a man move so sure and so naturally with such devastating results .
Maybe in that sense , the behavior of the Pippens and Iversons of the world is defensible .
made it yeah made it all the way through four years of college playing ball but
if it had rained any more in the last two weeks instead of planting Saint Augustine grass in the front yard i think i would have plowed everything under and had a rice field
The important thing is to realize that it 's way past time to move it .
`` If you people only knew how fatally easy it is to poison some one by mistake , you would n't joke about it .
Tuppence seized the bell and Jane the knocker .
well this is real interesting that you 're as far away as you are because i really thought this was uh uh we ` re
But the world is not run for the edification of tourists .
and when they get out they should have uh i do n't know you know some reasonable amount of money
Benchmarked by U.S.
and uh well if you if you got got him a power mower it 'd probably take him a lot less time to do it but i enjoy doing it i feel good doing it uh i i feel a lot better doing it with a power mower with that with a with a pull tractor on it so i do n't have to push so hard
Jon twisted the man 's wrist .
The NYT , in its front-page coverage , says the plane was flying far lower than the rules for training missions allow .
so you know well a lot of the stuff you hear coming from South Africa now and from West Africa that 's considered world music because it 's not particularly using certain types of folk styles
yeah yeah i i went i went off to school wanting to either be a high school algebra teacher or high school French teacher because my two favorite people in the in high school were my algebra teacher and French teacher and uh and i was going to do that until the end of our sophomore year when we wanted uh we came time to sign up for majors and i had taken chemistry for the first time that year and surprised myself i did well in it
It is truly an honor .
Designed as a series of pleasure gardens in the Italianate style in 1865 , with cascades , spectacular fountains , and rustic grottoes , an ongoing restoration hopes to bring them back to the original plan .
` Would you like some tea ? '
yes it is kind it is family and it 's fun it 's a fun thing and kids enjoy that and
CHAPTER 3 : FEDERAL MISSION PP
-LRB- A bigger contribution may or may not mean , I really , really support Candidate X. -RRB- Freedom of association is an even bigger stretch -- one that Justice Thomas would laugh out of court if some liberal proposed it .
Auditors may use an engagement letter , if appropriate , to communicate the information .
REPORT PREPARATION AND TEST REVIEW
Auditors from another country engaged to conduct audits in their country should meet the professional qualifications to practice under that country 's laws and regulations or other acceptable standards , such as those issued by the International Organization of Supreme Audit Institutions .
, less than ten years after the death of the prophet Mohamed .
We always knew it was an outside chance .
After being diagnosed with cancer , Carrey 's Kaufman decides to do a show at Carnegie Hall .
The opportunity
On top is a broad plateau 650 metres -LRB- 2,132 feet -RRB- long by 300 metres -LRB- 984 feet -RRB- wide .
When Jesus was born in about 4 b.c. , Joseph and Mary escaped Herod 's paranoia by fleeing into Egypt with the new-born infant .
You can also view a Roman Nileometer carved in the rock which measured the height of the river and helped the ancient priests to time the announcement of the Nile flood that initiated a movement of workers from the fields to community projects such as temple building .
yeah that 's a nice place
But in fact Haveman and Wolfe 's statistical analysis is designed to rule out this and similar alternative theories , leaving us to conclude that the moves themselves are harmful .
The judge gave vent to a faint murmur of disapprobation , and the prisoner in the dock leant forward angrily .
Jon 's defense began to weaken and slow .
Tommy Thompson of Wisconsin and Mayor Rudolph Giuliani of New York , the conservative vanguard on the issue , show no inclination to exploit research that says , in effect , Why care about day-care quality ?
Interesting Conflict Over Conflict of Interest
It is worth a visit , if only to see the theater itself .
In addition , the senior executives at these organizations demonstrated their sustained commitment to financerelated improvement initiatives by using key business/line managers to drive improvement efforts , attending key meetings , ensuring that the necessary resources are made available , and creating a system of rewards and incentives to recognize those who support improvement initiatives .
The way we try to approach it is to identify every legal problem that a client has .
An article explains that Al Gore enlisted for the Vietnam War out of fealty to his father and distaste for draft Gore deplored the inequity of the rich not having to serve .
I jumped , coat tails flapping .
Brit Now that would be a good debate !
His fantastic body could heal itself against whatever they did to him , and his mind refused to accept the torture supinely .
A muckraking cover story investigates how the Pentagon disposes of surplus weapons -LRB- the short badly -RRB- .
i do n't know no i do n't
Participants generally viewed the new internal control reporting requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as a good requirement .
, First-Class Mail used by households to pay their bills -RRB- and the household bill mail -LRB- i.e.
Interpreters will be provided by APALRC .
Therefore , the number of boilermakers may actually grow more quickly than what was assumed .
AT&T and MCI have protested the tax and pledged to pass the cost on to MCI charges 5 percent on all out of state long-distance calls , and AT&T charges a flat rate .
A muckraking cover story investigates how the Pentagon disposes of surplus weapons -LRB- the short badly -RRB- .
He married Dona Filipa Moniz -LRB- Perestrelo -RRB- , the daughter of Porto Santo 's first governor , and lived on the island for a period , fathering a son there .
Every August young women convene to light joss sticks and some even climb the nine-meter -LRB- 30-ft -RRB- rock to pray for good husbands .
It will be COLOSSAL ! ''
Although a mile long , its name is misleading because it is not one street but several different streets .
well uh what do you think about taxes do you think we 're paying too much
The entire setup has an anti-competitive , anti-entrepreneurial flavor that rewards political lobbying rather than good business practices .
On the northwestern Alpine frontier , a new state had appeared on the scene , destined to lead the movement to a united Italy .
Julius Caesar 's nephew Octavian took the name Augustus ; Rome ceased to be a republic , and became an empire .
Interpreters will be provided by APALRC .
If a trace of tropical lethargy still adds to the charm in this city of sidewalk cafe , palm trees , and pedicabs , any torpor definitely ends once inside the doors of Macau 's casinos , scene of some of the liveliest gambling west of Las Vegas .
wow who can afford that my God i ca n't afford to miss a day let alone six
i cried when the horse got killed and when the wolf got killed
Outside the cathedral you will find a statue of John Knox with Bible in hand .
Keep your eyes open for Renaissance details , grand doorways , and views into lovely courtyards .
Paroseas cave , reef , and wreck diving around its shores , giving the diver a wide range of environments to explore .
H-2A aliens , as the only category of eligible aliens who reside in the United States temporarily , are particularly affected by the issue before the Commission because of their necessarily short periods of time in the United States .
Other examples of cumulative case studies come from two international agencies .
The political cleansing that did not happen through the impeachment process leaves Clinton with a great and serious burden .
uh-huh yeah yeah they 're good
He 's been mean-spirited and vicious for so long that editors and reporters are tired of hearing about it .
yeah exactly right it really is because they 're gon na get them one way or another they will always have a way look at drugs they always have a way to get that so
What and who will they tax ?
In the small marina you can eat while surrounded by expensive boats .
Today the strait is busy with commercial shipping , ferries , and fishing boats , and its wooded shores are lined with pretty fishing villages , old Ottoman mansions , and the villas of Istanbul 's wealthier citizens .
SSA will consider the comments received by April 14 , 1997 , and will issue revised regulations if necessary .
Agencies may perform the analyses required by sections 603 and 604 in conjunction with or as part of any other agenda or analysis required by other law if such other analysis satisfies the provisions of these sections .
you know we keep a couple hundred dollars um if that much charged on those which is n't too bad it 's just your normal
His diet was of wheaten bread ,
The most comfortable way to see these important Hoysala temples is to visit them on either side of an overnight stay at Hassan , 120 km -LRB- 75 miles -RRB- northwest of Mysore .
An article explains that Al Gore enlisted for the Vietnam War out of fealty to his father and distaste for draft Gore deplored the inequity of the rich not having to serve .
it ca n't last seven years but it can last five IBM says let 's throw it away Leading Edge will say we 'll buy it from you
bGross national saving is held constant as a share of GDP at 18 .
From Sant Francesc , take the road that leads southwest to Cap Berber?a -LRB- the southernmost point in the Balearics -RRB- .
For instance , mandatory account proposals are more likely to increase private saving because such a program would require households that do not currently save-such as many low-income individuals or families-to place some amount in an individual account .
Guangzhou , with a population of more than 5 million , straddles the Pearl River China 's fifth longest which links the city to the South China Sea .
Then it occurred to me that the criminal standard was a low one .
If you land by boat , Caravelle beach is yours for the using ; otherwise you 'll have to pay a nominal charge to the vacation club that owns the acreage .
It is one of those rare cases in which I can please everyone .
Nobody knows much about the early Etruscans .
Do you think I should be concerned ?
The program covers those units covered by the new nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program that are located in the States in the WRAP and that , in any year starting in 2000 , emit more than 100 tons of sulfur dioxide and are used to produce electricity for sale .
Oh , I I have n't quite worked that out .
We have taken a number of steps to empower and invest in our employees .
Jon saw him ride into the smoke .
Bauerstein . ''
The judge gave vent to a faint murmur of disapprobation , and the prisoner in the dock leant forward angrily .
it was really easy i mean just just did a thumb print you know
But in 1799 doom was signaled for the cane monopoly with the appearance of the cheaper sugar beet .
The best place to view the spring azaleas is at the Azalea Festival in the last week of April at Tokyo 's Nezu shrine .
well i hear my kids are needing me again so i 'll go see what they need and we 'll maybe talk to you again
The Praya , the promenade in front of the ferry pier , is a good place to observe the many junks and fishing boats in the harbor .
have that well and it does n't seem like very many people uh are really i mean there 's a lot of people that are on death row but there 's not very many people that actually um do get killed
Even after having just seen Adrin 's skill with his rapier , Ca ` daan had not seen a man move so sure and so naturally with such devastating results .
One he broke back to about the length of his forearm .
PROGRAM ACCOUNT - The budget account into which an appropriation to cover the subsidy cost of a direct loan or loan guarantee program is made and from which such cost is disbursed to the financing account .
Standard screens may not perform as well in these patient subgroups that may represent a considerable part of the ED population .
Detroit Pistons they 're not as good as they were last year
i think Buffalo is an up an coming team they 're going to they 're showing some real promise for the next uh few years
some of the professors i think imitate Big Bird
I had rejected it as absurd , nevertheless it persisted .
But it just might be because he 's afraid he 'll lose his No .
because we do n't always read the newspaper sometimes it just sits around for a while and then we just chuck it
Changes in technology and its application to electronic commerce and expanding Internet applications will change the specific control activities that may be employed and how they are implemented , but the basic requirements of control will not have changed .
If she did n't like her restaurant so much , the woman 'd be high-up in Applied by now .
in Asia yeah i spent
Chatterbox queried Trudeau about the Dallas Morning News quote .
At the same moment I felt a terrific blow on the back of my head ... . '' She shuddered .
well the difficulty is is if you look in the Old Testament and and the numbers of places that uh the Lord went out and just simply struck down and that was part of the problem when they went into the Promised Land that they that they uh they did n't destroy everybody and that that 's
Thus , the imbalance in the volume of mail exchanged magnifies the effect of the relatively higher rates in these countries .
Fast forward to 1994 and beyond .
From the inventories of the initiatives they developed in response to our request , we asked agency officials to identify those agency components and initiatives that , in their view , had successfully involved and empowered employees .
He loved her .
It 's absurd but I ca n't help it . Sir James nodded again .
General Accounting Office , A Model of Strategic Human Capital Management , GAO-02-373SP -LRB- Washington , D.C. : Mar. .
and uh my daughter gets irate when i when i do that because you know she 's a teenager
someone else noticed it and i said well i guess that 's true and it was somewhat melodio us in other words it was n't just you know it was really funny
Here you 'll find the finest leather goods and of-the-moment fashions from all the predictable high-priests -LRB- Valentino , Armani , Versace , Gucci , Missoni , etc. -RRB- . A number of classic men 's clothing meccas such as Cucci -LRB- with a C -RRB- , Brioni , and Battistoni are still going strong .
Regulators may not be totally supportive of a more comprehensive business model because they are concerned that the information would be based on a lot of judgment and , therefore , lack of precision , which could make enforcement of reporting standards difficult .
The Department of Labor 's interim rule is adopted pursuant to the authority contained in Section 707 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act -LRB- Pub .
It is , as you see , highly magnified .
Thorn held a sword different from any Ca ` daan had ever seen .
How did this man know ?
-LRB- Imagine the difference between smoking a cigarette and injecting pure nicotine directly into a vein . -RRB-
Beautiful examples of enamelware , ceramics , and pottery are produced in great abundance , often following a Celtic theme .
The FDA solicited comments on these requirements in the notice of proposed rulemaking and has evaluated and responded to them in the preamble to the final rule .
and the nurses are n't no see you have to pay that
More than 100 judges , lawyers and dignitaries were present for the gathering .
The Standard , published a few days before Deng 's death , covers similar territory .
you know it 's it 's not easy to do but
because the cold weather was just simply trapped along the ground and could n't get away
The stuff was strong , but somewhat brittle .
In Hong Kong you can have a plate , or even a whole dinner service , hand-painted to your own design .
But overinterpretation or even misinterpretation are not the same as bias .
1 -RRB- FBI intelligence files indicate that Democratic fund-raiser Maria Hsia has been a Chinese agent .
then there 's that uh let 's see i like the Lakers Milwaukee Atlanta Hawks i like them too
Across the river from the city , it has superb views ; rooms are very contemporary in design .
New Madeirans traded sugar , the era 's dominant luxury item , with Britain and Flanders , and they proved skillful in the art of winemaking .
Routine screening and intervention will require engendering a sense of role responsibility among emergency department clinicians towards addressing substance abuse .
On Menorca , search for more elusive prehistoric sites , or take the cliff paths of the northwest or south coasts .
The movie is n't clear on where the secret report that kicked off Bergman 's interest in tobacco came from , or who in the FDA thought it was a good idea to turn him onto Wigand .
Do n't mean the police , but the people that are right in it .
Blessed with preternatural gregariousness , good humor , and a love of attention , he 's been tireless about pursuing both celebrity and the cause of popular history ever since .
He leaned over Tommy , his face purple with excitement .
oh really i was um i was TDY at Bent Waters
Among the sights in Beziers are the ancient Eglise Saint Jacques and Eglise Sainte Madeleine , the 19th-century Halles -LRB- covered market -RRB- , and the massive Cathedrale Saint-Nazaire , from which there is a good view over the river valley .
well the first thing for me is i wonder i see a couple of different ways of talking about what privacy is um if privacy is something that disturbs your private state i mean an invasion of privacy is something that disturbs your private state that 's one thing and if privacy is something that comes into your private state and extracts information from it in other words finds something out about you that 's another and the first kind of invasion of the first type of privacy seems invaded to me in very much everyday in this country but in the second type at least overtly uh where someone comes in and uh finds out information about you that should be private uh does not seem uh um obviously everyday
and uh uh so i 've i 've just been real pleased and my step father happens to work at a Ford dealership and that makes things a little easier come car time but
An overall increase in prices is only possible when there has been an overall increase in the amount of money in circulation .
um yeah that sounds kind of neat uh is location at all important to you like you know how far it is from your house or whatever
Although the accounting and reporting model needs to be updated , in my view , the current attest and assurance model is also out of date .
Last year , Arafat cracked down on Hamas after a string of bombings in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem , arresting more than 1,200 suspected terrorists , destroying Hamas safe houses , and confiscating its weapons caches .
Allow time in Thirasia to explore Santorini 's smaller sibling islands .
Blue says Blumenthal claimed Clinton had told him that Lewinsky had made unwanted sexual advances .
Mallorca prospered .
aCondition Assessment Survey -LRB- CAS -RRB- .
The oldest continually occupied settlement on the island is Kastro , where most of the buildings date from the 14th century and were laid out in a circular pattern atop a rocky outcrop 100 m -LRB- 300 ft -RRB- above the east coast .
My unborn children will never appear on the Today show .
Homes or businesses not located on one of these roads must place a mail receptacle along the route traveled .
Well , she 's found .
i like the Moody Blues
This confluence of a bad tax , a $ 1 billion reserve , a botched opposition campaign , and voters willing to call a bluff resulted in the I-695 victory .
and they 're illegal so i do n't think it would do us any good to outlaw them all together
Basically , to sell myself .
The relatively small crowds mean that fans sit close to the action .
that would be good what 'd you say
we would n't be expected to cast a ballet on the subject
Troyes is also a center for shopping , with two outlet centers selling both French and international designer-name fashions and home accessories .
The Praya , the promenade in front of the ferry pier , is a good place to observe the many junks and fishing boats in the harbor .
These rules were not used extensively .
Then as he caught the other 's sidelong glance , `` No , the chauffeur wo n't help you any .
Most pundits side with bushy-headed George Stephanopoulos -LRB- This Week -RRB- , arguing that only air strikes would be politically palatable .
The centralization dear to Richelieu and Louis XIV was becoming a reality .
8 Follow-up to the May 8 , 2001 , Hearing Regarding the IRS Restructuring Act 's Goals and IRS Funding -LRB- GAO-01-903R , June 29 , 2001 -RRB- , and IRS Continued Improvement in Management Capability Needed to Support Long-Term Transformation
In the moment of victory , Tuppence betrayed a somewhat unsportsmanlike triumph .
Tommy felt his ascendancy less sure than a moment before .
Also , other sorbent-based approaches in development may prove in time to be preferable to ACI , making the use of ACI only a conservative assumption .
In the original , Reich is set up by his host and then ambushed by a hostile questioner named John , and when he tries to answer with an eloquent Mr. Smith speech -LRB- My fist is clenched .
In fact , it 's wise to drive as little as possible inside Paris ; the p ?? riph ?? rique ringroad runs around the city and it 's worth staying on it until you 're as close as possible to your destination .
the wagon man got killed when they attacked him
The Commission published a summary of its Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis in the Federal Register on September 12 , 1996 -LRB- 61 Fed .
The newspaper publishes just one letter a week from a reader , always with an editorial riposte at the bottom .
i like the Moody Blues
Named after the city gentleman and infamous burglar , it is one of the best-known pubs in the city .
they do n't call them immigrants anymore that was back during my granddaddy 's day
At that event , legal services personnel , court personnel , and other technology experts saw demonstrations by four companies on their products , and assessed their utility for preparing pro se documents .
well what station plays uh that type of music
Something in his mind seemed also to have developed a `` tan '' that let him face the bite of chance without flinching .
The Times says this tracking list is drawn up from information from bookstores , but publishers say they routinely call up the Times to tip them off to books selling with increasing momentum so that they can be added to the tracking list .
well uh what do you think about taxes do you think we 're paying too much
But I guess I can take it we were wrong , pursued Julius .
oh that 's not really important the the other stuff is just you know window dressing because we we 've never ordered anything fact the the van that we 've got we bought uh from an estate it was an estate trade uh it was almost brand new the the gentlemen who owned it had died
He says he brought the proposal for professional parachute helmets with an air-bag system . '
Each state is different , and in some states , intra-state regions differ significantly as well .
It hopes to bring on another 25 or 35 people when the new building opens next fall .
The Report and Order , in large part , adopts the unanimous recommendations of the Hearing Aid Compatibility Negotiated Rulemaking Committee , an advisory committee established by the Federal Communications Commission in 1995 .
The experts point out that it is not age alone that determines a Chinese antique 's value the dynasties of the past had their creative ups and downs .
And , for the rest of the way home , I recited to them the various exploits and triumphs of Hercule Poirot .
It 's conceivable that some of these allegations are true , and there 's no harm in checking them out , as long as the decedent 's family agrees to participate .
Do you trust me , Uncle?Gauve hesitated .
All of the islands are now officially and proudly part of France , not colonies as they were for some three centuries .
it does n't have to do i mean the thing is is that you know it 's like you might be standing somewhere right and like let 's say you 're you you go you know you 're driving out and you 're driving back home and it 's late at night and you stop by one of these you know twenty four hour you know gas stations joints
For centuries , the Loire river was a vital highway between the Atlantic and the heart of France .
That is well .
Critics praise Goodman 's finely honed descriptive abilities and instinctive grasp of familial dynamics , the ways in which dreams and emotional habits are handed down ...
The most comfortable courses are in the cooler hill stations , notably Cameron Highlands and Fraser 's Hill .
The fascinating exhibits include a section of the massive chain that the Byzantines used to stretch across the mouth of the Golden Horn to keep out enemy ships , as well as captured enemy cannon and military banners , the campaign tents from which the Ottoman sultans controlled their armies , and examples of uniforms , armour , and weapons from the earliest days of the Empire down to the 20th century .
But you have to have money to save it , and not many couples with young children have the luxury of tucking away $ 2,000 apiece annually for their Golden Years .
Bolts of blue and tips of steal .
and uh it that takes so much time away from your kids
yeah i think i 'll probably just have to go with one of those splint braces or something
`` An egg has got to hatch , '' he said .
-LRB- As the old saying goes , If you ca n't figure out who the fool is at the poker table , it 's probably you .
Nowadays it is bordered by ancient columns and lined with expensive shops .
so do you have do you have the long i guess not not if there 's see i was raised in New York but i guess up there you all do n't have too long of a growing season do you
But Japan was reluctant to sue for peace because the Allies were demanding unconditional surrender with no provision for maintaining the highly symbolic role of the emperor , still considered the embodiment of Japan 's spirit and divine origins .
The interim rule was reviewed by INS and EOIR under Executive Order
The entire setup has an anti-competitive , anti-entrepreneurial flavor that rewards political lobbying rather than good business practices .
Sometimes it flattens entire neighbourhoods to make life easier for them .
Up here , gazing out at strikingly lush mountains , you may find yourself higher than the clouds , which adds to the extraordinarily eerie atmosphere of the place .
That 's what guarantees that people will keep buying tickets as long as the odds are in their favor .
Be forewarned that the download takes quite a while via modem .
and uh oh i guess an hour into my somewhat sleep a guy woke me up and uh said you 'd better get out of the the tent they 're they 're liable to come down several of the others had already come down blown down they had n't blown away but they had flattened
Jon ran as the tunnel collapsed behind him .
Each working group met several times to develop recommendations for changes to the legal services delivery system .
In 1654 Oliver Cromwell , Lord Protector of England , dispatched a British fleet to the Caribbean to break the stranglehold of the Spanish .
I am a lacto-vegetarian .
We are assured of success ? ''
` You should do the fixing . '
well it 's a pleasure talking with you
I now submit this report to you and the other designated officials .
4 million , or about 8 percent of total expenditures for the two programs -RRB- .
uh my uh roommate took a voice over course
i have been and uh some of the boy scouts have been up in there they have got some great hiking trails and camping areas up in there
At the western end of Cowgate -LRB- where it meets Holyrood Road -RRB- , you will see one of the few remaining sections of Edinburgh 's old city wall -LRB- Flodden Wall -RRB- , built following the Lang Siege of the 1570s .
Howard Berman of California , an influential Democrat on the House International Relations Committee .
Base year data will be actual receipt and outlay data for the last completed fiscal year
You have to walk through it -RRB- .
they 'll they 'll say yeah why did n't you buy why did n't you try something more mainline
7 -RRB- Nonautomated First-Class and Standard-A mailers have the option of requesting that their mail be processed manually , even though the costs for such processing are substantially higher than mechanized processing .
Finally the woman opened her eyes feebly .
Ah , yes , actually , two weeks ago we had a very similar situation , the captain alertly added and quickly changed the subject , ` What 's important now is that you get ready for about 2 minutes in the state of weightlessness , and not some Slovakian satellite from two weeks ago .
yeah well the uh NC double A tournament 's going on right now and uh i have n't watched it this year because Louisville 's out of it this year
More than half of 800,000 native islanders are children , and the mother is traditionally responsible for bringing them up , handling the money , and making key domestic decisions .
Station Jesus meets his mother .
It is perfectly feasible to spend a fortnight in Eilat , exploring the Red Sea , lying on the beaches , journeying into the Negev Desert and never see a religious building or an archaeological site .
I admit I have knowledge of a certain name , but perhaps my knowledge ends there . ''
yeah well at least as they told us uh two shifts
Views from Implementation Research in Education .
The end is near ! Then a shout went up , and Hanson jerked his eyes from the gears to focus on a group of rocs that were landing at the far end of the camp .
From there , take the road that heads back to the coast and Es Pujols , Formentera 's premier resort village .
Politically , it 's anti-democratic , replacing congressional and executive branch decision-making .
`` The summons was only for Dave Hanson , '' Ser Perth said sternly as the three drew up to him .
He touched it and felt his skin swelling and growing hot .
One bakes Flipper .
and the same is true of the drug hangover you know if you
According to a 1995 Financial Executives Research Foundation report ,5 transaction processing and other routine accounting activities , such as accounts payable , payroll , and external reporting , consume about 69 percent of costs within finance .
it it i think that is the biggest problem when you really not you do n't do n't really need the stuff but the nicer looking clothes are the more expensive nicely tailored clothes
Her state is probably to be attributed to the mental shock consequent on recovering her memory . ''
I understand , '' continued the Coroner deliberately , `` that you were sitting reading on the bench just outside the long window of the boudoir .
She had spoken with no trace of foreign accent .
In addition , because funding is secured on an
Very few emperors were reluctant to submit to Fujiwara domination .
now you know the ball 'll go straight and i go i never broke a club or anything but you know i 'd get upset about it sometimes and now i guess you know being in my forties i just kind of mellowed out a little bit i do n't get upset any more so
I 've got it down in my notes if you want to see them . '' She extended the woven cords .
much with whatever it 's with the Black the Black problem or whatever that may be now
yeah uh-huh but we look at it sort of as an investment in the future too
SSA will consider the comments received by April 14 , 1997 , and will issue revised regulations if necessary .
The increased investment has contributed to higher GDP growth in recent years , and the stronger economy should help in servicing the debt owed to foreigners .
Albino Alligator -LRB- Miramax -RRB- .
If anything , ultimate fighting is safer and less cruel than America 's blood sport .
Almost directly overhead , there was a rent place where the strange absence of color or feature indicated a hole in the dome over them .
Cabourg is the most stately of the old Channel resorts .
Tuppence seized the bell and Jane the knocker .
where they they brew their own beer there
He watched the river flow .
Mykonos has had a head start as far as diving is concerned because it was never banned here -LRB- after all , there are no ancient sites to protect -RRB- .
McCalpinMaria Luisa Mercado Nancy H. Rogers Thomas F. Smegal , Jr. .
He reverted to his former point of view .
He went down on his knees , examining it minutely , even going so far as to smell it .
As a result , EPA could not ensure that it was directing its efforts toward the environmental problems that were of greatest concern to citizens or posed the greatest risk to the health of the population or the environment itself .
GAO also issued over 160 reports detailing specific findings and made over 100 recommendations to agencies and to the President 's Council on Year 2000 Conversion for improving the government 's readiness .
Not surprisingly , then , Fannie Mae 's public-relations operation is unparalleled in Washington .
But we do n't rule out regulation in the future if industry fails to do a good job of policing itself .
-LRB- The employee was later rehired , and Bob denies the charge . -RRB-
Despite their 17th-century origins , these gardens avoid the rigid geometry of the Tuileries and Ver?sailles .
Information Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks
How to Watch Washington Week in Review : Back to front .
and they 're illegal so i do n't think it would do us any good to outlaw them all together
The arched gateway leads to a large swimming pool and the ruins of a Roman and Byzantine baths complex .
-LRB- The Ramseys buried their daughter in Atlanta , then vacationed in Sea Island , Ga. -RRB- This absence , some speculate , gave the Ramseys time to work out a story to explain their innocence .
you know your children are going you know you 've got five children in school instead of somebody that only has one or none and so you they 're paying more income tax to pay for your children to go to school it just you know does n't make sense
i cried when the horse got killed and when the wolf got killed
There are certain categories of control activities that are common to all agencies .
Other functional components of the Postal Service are presumed here not to exhibit significant scale economies , although this has not been demonstrated .
The students ' reaction was swift and contentious , as if their feelings had been hurt .
Under Ferdinand and Isabella , Spain underwent a dramatic transformation .
For a second , I thought the crowd might provide me with some cover , or at least slow my pursuers down with its sheer density .
Changes in technology and its application to electronic commerce and expanding Internet applications will change the specific control activities that may be employed and how they are implemented , but the basic requirements of control will not have changed .
The analysis presented here is an attempt to address the second argument .
Then , all the time , it was in the spill vase in Mrs. Inglethorp 's bedroom , under our very noses ? I cried .
oh well yeah that 's all i have to say thank you
A museum inside the building gives intriguing insight into the life and heyday of the their rich costumes , their scimitars , and rifles inlaid with bright jewels and silver and a horrible bludgeon with a double serrated edge .
The riotous revelry roars right past Mardi Gras -LRB- Shrove Tuesday -RRB- when red-costumed children star as devils , to its peak on Ash Wednesday .
But the real dirty work had already been done .
Its facilities include a swimming pool and a peaceful garden .
The idea that Clinton 's approval represents something new and immoral in the country is historically shortsighted .
so i do n't completely agree with that either
If the difference between these two prices is large enough , the mailer could hire a trucking firm , as discussed above .
I found her leaning against the bannisters , deadly pale .
EPA estimates that 5.6 million acres of lakes , estuaries and wetlands and 43,500 miles of streams , rivers and coasts are impaired by mercury emissions .
-LRB- Hypothetical data for this example are given in table 2.2 . -RRB-
That 's it . The girl looked at him , then passed her hand across her forehead .
In short , this is a whole new costing area that would need to be undertaken .
Now then , Miss Tuppence , said Sir James , `` you know this place better than I do .
explanations , and to corroborate findings .
A portion of the nation 's income , in turn , is saved , allowing for additional investment in domestic factories , equipment , and other forms of capital that workers use to produce more goods and services or for investment abroad .
or just get out and walk uh or even jog a little although i do n't do that regularly but Washington 's a great place to do that
Tracking down the tiger is a subtle affair , and requires a degree of dedication , calm , and stealth .
uh plastic is just too easy i mean that 's the that 's the whole problem with it um have
The percent of total cost for each function included in the model and cost elasticity -LRB- with respect to volume -RRB- are shown in Table 1 .
The Case Study Guidelines
The statue was beheaded several years ago by islanders , who blame Josephine for her role in the slavery in Martinique .
Vatican II gave rise to a less hierarchical and more outward-looking Catholicism and set the stage for once-unthinkable innovations like plainclothes nuns and the celebration of the Mass in English and other modern languages .
Mortifyingly enough , it is all the difficulty , the laziness , the pathetic formlessness in youth , the round peg in the square hole , the whatever do you want ?
The DO concentration must not fall below
well Jerry do you have a favorite team
Catch up on the Indian avant-garde and the bohemian people of Caletta at the Academy of Fine Arts on the southeast corner of the Maidan .
Postal Service data to define the relationship between costs and cost drivers .
` It 's that kind of world . '
The agency also receives a percentage of money from the Interest On Lawyers ' Trust Accounts .
The Revolutionaries could n't be dissuaded from destroying most of the cathedral 's statues , although 67 were saved -LRB- many of the originals are now housed in the Mus ?? e de l'Oeuvre Notre-Dame next door -RRB- .
Wagonheim said the program not only will benefit the needy , but also will help improve the public image of lawyers .
That is , as the discount is increased in steps , the cost to the Postal Service of sorting the mail that becomes workshared on step 4 is probably greater than the cost of sorting the mail that becomes workshared on step 3 . This assumption will be relaxed in Part III below , where larger discount changes are considered .
Can you point me to housewares ?
Linda Tripp was indicted for illegally taping telephone conversations with Monica Lewinsky .
Three more days went by in dreary inaction .
The traditional opening time for many hotels is the Orthodox Easter , although some do not open until the end of April .
well Dana it 's been really interesting and i appreciate talking with you
Decline and Decadence
However unsatisfactory and over-argued the revisionist case , it did make one serious that the United States had clear national and economic interests and found the Cold War an unusually congenial way to pursue them .
Monday 's Question -LRB- No .
Other examples of cumulative case studies come from two international agencies .
Or , eligibility could be restricted to those who have already been pregnant , or at least sexually active ; to those over age 13 , or under age 21 ; or some combination thereof .
Something broke inside her , something in her head .
The girls who wish to wear the scarf in Turkey say it represents Muslim female empowerment , and they consider themselves oppressed if it 's forbidden .
` Publicity . ' Lincoln removed his great hat , making a small show of dusting it off .
The White House denies this .
Unrest and some political extremism have surfaced from time to time , but since aid from France is so vital , and French customs so ingrained , it seems almost inconceivable that the FWI will seek total independence as other Caribbean islands have done .
Linda Tripp was indicted for illegally taping telephone conversations with Monica Lewinsky .
He was a pilot , not a platoon leader .
yeah yeah you know we 're kind of that way too i try to i 'm the same way you are i kind of try to judge from day to day i know you know where i am we work a lot with the customers and we have a lot of government folks come in all the time and
Introduction
The way we try to approach it is to identify every legal problem that a client has .
Without the discount , nobody would buy the stock .
to see this kind of thing and you know if you can do any any little bit it helps so
aCondition Assessment Survey -LRB- CAS -RRB- .
But those that are manufactured for sale in in Europe and so forth are quite the other way around
For a review of the literature , see William G. Gale and John Sabelhaus , Perspectives on the Household Saving Rate , Brookings Papers on Economic Activity -LRB- 1:1999 -RRB- , pp. 181-224 .
Treat yourself and bill it to Si .
Agency officials stated that copies of both the initial and the final analysis were submitted to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the Small Business Administration as required by section 605 -LRB- b -RRB- .
Krugman 's column will henceforth be known as The Dismal Science , a phrase too famous to be ownable by anyone , except possibly British essayist Thomas Carlyle -LRB- 1795-1881 -RRB- , who coined it .
` So I assume he hacked into the autopilot and reprogrammed it to - '
yes uh i bought a uh Bristol thirty five five for my wife
The Leland Act -LRB- 1 -RRB- simplify the household definition
you know even even into major things just to keep our car longer because i do n't think we get the money that we put into them out of them in two years or three years and of course i was never in a position where i could trade my car off every two years
are uh very few and then the other people just plan it you know it 's like it 's like have you have have you ever seen the commercial like for Federal Express where the with uh the think tank
LSC 's State Planning Initiative began in 1995 primarily in response to the programmatic changes and budget cuts that were threatening the very survival of legal services delivery across the nation .
But if Clinton consents , censure and community service can proceed .
There are no gods here now , said the voice of the monster in front of them .
oh thank God i 've never been to Midland
It focuses on desktop , client/server , and enterprisewide computing .
Another thing those early French and Dutch settlers agreed upon was that their island should be free of levies on any imported goods .
But they also do n't seem to mind when the tranquillity of a Zen temple rock garden is shattered by recorded announcements blaring from loudspeakers parroting the information already contained in the leaflets provided at the ticket office ; when heavy-metal pop music loudly emanates from the radio of the middle-aged owner of a corner grocery store ; and when parks , gardens , and hallowed temples are ringed by garish souvenir shops whose shelves display both the tastefully understated and the hideously kitsch .
I think it is important for everyone to understand the extent to which First-Class mail is already carrying a disproportionate share of the institutional cost or overhead burden of the postal system .
was it bad
He jumped up , planting one hand on the charging horse , and came at the brute with the axe .
I now submit this report to you and the other designated officials .
And environmentalists have on occasion attacked religion for promoting human domination over the natural world .
yeah and how about how about like on the weekends do you do sports or do you go out
Sure enough , there was the chest , a fine old piece , all studded with brass nails , and full to overflowing with every imaginable type of garment .
His authoritarian rule has prevented the emergence of future leaders and the development of strong civic and political institutions .
it gets it
there and they uh they in fact they had this was in uh the late twenties and they in fact used some of the equipment that had been left over and uh he turned them down it it 's interesting that that most people do n't realize how small the canal is have you ever been there
uh well no i just know i know several single mothers who absolutely ca n't afford it they have to go with the a single uh what i mean a babysitter more more or less
Cirque du Soleil 's The latest from the acclaimed international troupe , O dazzles in an aquatic environment that utilizes 1.5 million gallons -LRB- 6.8 million liters -RRB- of water .
On a scale of 0 -LRB- strongly disagree -RRB- to 7 -LRB- strongly agree -RRB- the statement alcoholics are difficult to treat received a mean score of 6.25 , and the statement alcoholism is a treat-able disease received a mean score of 5.27 .
Fira is a shopper 's paradise , a series of narrow alleys where you can wander free from the fear of traffic , although keep your eyes and ears open for donkeys .
His authoritarian rule has prevented the emergence of future leaders and the development of strong civic and political institutions .
In my Crossfire days , I was patronized even by Sam Donaldson .
which they probably Mexican people do n't even know what a taco salad is but i think it 's now it 's moving up too because uh just a change you know just something different
Ca ` daan closed the door behind them and retied the not .
I hate pigeons .
They post loads of newspaper articles -- Yahoo!
Children , especially boys , are seen as a blessing and are treated with indulgence , fussed over by mothers and grandmothers .
Straightened out for a while , Humayun came back in 1555 with his Persian army to recapture the Punjab , Delhi , and Agra , but the next year his opium habit caused his death -LRB- see page 64 -RRB- .
it takes so much i mean it 's like of course it does i mean by the times it transforms into Wave by mark off model and you put it in there and you want to correct those and then you know you 're trying to make the the Wave smooth so you can approximately of course it 's going to take a lot
uh there 's uh some very nice places like the bass which is a uh sort of a huge monolithic rocks that you can you can walk up the beach and into these uh enormous caverns that are partially submerged and you can wade in the pools and so forth very popular tourist spot
Spock did not cure American mothers and fathers of their impossible dream of being professional parents equipped with the developmentally correct answers .
Around the corner is the huge , domed , Neo-Classical Panth ?? on .
For their part , family-planning organizations and the Clinton administration seem equally adamant .
There are also a couple of small aircraft lying offshore -LRB- relics of drug runners who ran out of luck -RRB- that make fascinating artificial dive sites .
We 've got to think .
I can FEEL him . ''
yeah its too open yeah and there 's uh they have got some forty to fifty foot high cliffs around Possum Kingdom and you just get up and ski uh adjacent to those and uh and it does n't make any difference how windy it is you do n't notice it
uh high humidity
have that well and it does n't seem like very many people uh are really i mean there 's a lot of people that are on death row but there 's not very many people that actually um do get killed
SSA is also seeking statutory authority for additional tools to recover current overpayments .
Christ on a crutch , what does he have to do to lose your support , stab David Geffen with a kitchen knife ?
In that case , price discrimination can survive .
Had we had more money we would have facilitated more conferences .
so i like music i like listening to music so i do n't usually listen to KCBI and then there 's another one called Journey that 's somewhere in between the two of those it 's in between ninety and ninety four
-LSB- Requires free registration .
Sorry but that 's how it is .
This is my old friend , Monsieur Poirot , whom I have not seen for years . ''
Well aware of the island 's burgeoning wealth and repository of supplies , the French pirate Bertrand de Montluc sailed into Funchal harbor with his 11-galleon armada and 1,300 men .
Long famous as the home of artists and bohemians , who call it La Butte -LRB- The Mound -RRB- , Montmartre is an essential piece of Paris mythology .
i quit i quit drinking at oh a long time ago quit drinking i did n't smoke i do n't smoke i gave everything up so i guess i do n't know what just old age i guess is why i
She had the pathetic aggression of a wife or mother -- to Bunt there was no difference .
We did it with the aid of consultants and other equal justice stakeholders .
The average length of a rural route is 55 miles .
that 's cool kind of like Pink Floyd or something uh yeah basketball 's cool but football kind of after a while
and it 's just like college too i think that if a kid goes to college and you can help them fine but i do n't think you should pay the whole way
That 's the second time you 've made that sort of remark .
The policy succeeded , and I was fortunate to have had the opportunity to make that contribution to my people .
i have been and uh some of the boy scouts have been up in there they have got some great hiking trails and camping areas up in there
probably you probably got everybody on you because they were probably all going to law school
Ah , triple pig !
He sat for a moment in silence .
Challenges to Restore Public Confidence in
uh but you could fill a whole bunch of uh holes with these things i used to i used to advertise buying wheat pennies um i 'd give a dollar a roll which two cents a piece which is basically overpriced
Lifetime Extension of SCR De-NOx Catalysts Using SCR-Tech 's High Efficiency Ultrasonic Regeneration Process
and clean up is is uh is a joy uh a little soap and water and air dry them and you do n't have to worry about that
The pieces are unloaded and fed into sorting machines .
We know essentially nothing about life beyond Earth .
Because the paper did not say that .
Do n't miss the open-air market close by the wharves .
You claw your way into a position to get your calls returned by actually breaking stories , but that reward is empty .
Expectations that the ANC would oversee land reform -- returning land seized during apartheid 's forced migrations -- and wealth redistribution have not been met .
Major journeys from one part of the country to another , say , from Milan to Rome or down to Naples , is most enjoyed by train buffs and travelers with plenty of time , patience , and curiosity .
I hope that our common interests will lead us to a consensus - one that will provide the country with significant benefits .
Auditors are strongly encouraged to comply with the guidance provided by GAGAS .
Kom Ombo is an unusual temple in that it is dedicated to two gods .
The gardens are among the greatest in Europe , and take in a view of the Sugar Loaf Mountain as part of their design .
Penrith and Blencathra are also Celtic names , established during this early period of settlement .
They 're taking us away this morning .
Once there , he or she must alight from the vehicle and proceed to the mailbox , then return to the vehicle , turn it around and proceed to the road .
Czesiek had suitable experience in the matter .
A silver revolver .
The FCC will publish a notice in the Federal Register when such approval is granted .
Christ on a crutch , what does he have to do to lose your support , stab David Geffen with a kitchen knife ?
taken up by the oh okay oh so you know well that 's i had wondered sometimes i knew that there was a lot of a lot of effort and a lot of work went into a lot of that and i just wondered if if it lasted and if it took you know like yeah
Although it is a significant part of the poverty population , Asians historically have not been able to participate in the services and programs available to the poor , he said .
Critics call the subject of the film inherently intriguing but complain that it has been marred by the Burnsian sensibility , ...
huh-uh i do n't even want to go anywhere yeah that 's about it
oh really i was um i was TDY at Bent Waters
And in this city , where literature and theater have historically dominated the scene , visual arts are finally coming into their own with the new Museum of Modern Art and the many galleries that display the work of modern Irish artists .
yeah then you do n't have you do n't have that mess to clean up when you use an oil oil base painting and boy i 'll tell you oh
yeah it 's a U S territory and it 's just we own it or
a good team but they 're an underdog that 's why i like them is the Philadelphia Eagles
Be sure to look around and compare before buying .
The relatively small crowds mean that fans sit close to the action .
I touched my palm to his mutilated cheek , and tried to stem my instinctive revulsion .
when there was the ball that was sort of hit to Buckner to Buckner
PROGRAM ACCOUNT - The budget account into which an appropriation to cover the subsidy cost of a direct loan or loan guarantee program is made and from which such cost is disbursed to the financing account .
If the collecting entity transfers the nonexchange revenue to the General Fund or another entity , the amount is accounted for as a custodial activity by the collecting entity .
for one twelve dollar check
allow the efficiencies of a low-cost mailstream to be available to all who can use them .
Managing better requires that agencies have , and rely upon , sound financial and program information .
no that 's true and and and Lord knows with that legislature up there they probably did all kinds of things while he was n't looking
It sounds perfect , said Jon .
yeah i went to i went to uh Rice and we had the marching owl band which is quite a it 's not known for its musical abilities more so its um comedy abilities
Time reports that Harrer denies having known she was . -RRB-
The final rule contains a Federalism Assessment under Executive Order
Instead of indulging in the usual teary nostalgia about baseball -LRB- that means you , Ken Burns -RRB- , Will considered it as a craft , explaining exactly why a manager calls a hit-and-run now and not on the next pitch , how a pitcher sets up his fastball , why a shortstop moves in a step for one kind of double play and out a step for another .
Waldemar Szary , a food technician at the OSM ` Paziocha ' , was having a very bad day - the kind of a very bad day , which normally comes after one of those very good days .
Candidates must submit a set of fingerprints for review by the FBI .
Very well '' but it 's all extremely mysterious . We were running into Tadminster now , and Poirot directed the car to the `` Analytical Chemist . '' Poirot hopped down briskly , and went inside .
The crucial part of that world is the home where parents relate to children .
and i and i may have been the only one that did both because the mentality in Dallas was that you could n't like both you had to like one and hate the other
yeah TI people yeah and so i just figured no it 's just this area you know
I went on , ` I 'm going to warn you , whether you like it or not .
because i i mean i do n't know it 's just something i think something we need
We 're no nearer to finding Tuppence , and NEXT SUNDAY IS THE 29TH ! ''
Impossible .
experiencing cost growth , manufacturing problems with test aircraft , and testing delays .
of course you got to charge it and keep your cash
The director , Michael Mann , has never tried to tell a story as complex -LRB- or nonviolent -RRB- as The Insider , and he and his co-screenwriter , Eric Roth , do n't shape their narrative very satisfyingly .
and i need to be better because uh uh we just bought it my wife and i just bought a new car and uh you know we want to take real good care of it so uh
but it but again it depends on what job you 're in the men that are out there fixing power lines are tested a lot
We did it with the aid of consultants and other equal justice stakeholders .
yeah well i ca n't i 'll you know i say i ca n't wait for my kids to grow up but i believe i 'm going to miss this age when they 're gone
At the same moment I felt a terrific blow on the back of my head ... . '' She shuddered .
it was really easy i mean just just did a thumb print you know
Regulators may not be totally supportive of a more comprehensive business model because they are concerned that the information would be based on a lot of judgment and , therefore , lack of precision , which could make enforcement of reporting standards difficult .
Bork shuddered .
Eighty percent of pagers in the United States were knocked out by a satellite malfunction in space .
Have her show it , '' said Thorn .
He was waiting for the Scotland Yard men .
Visit at sundown or out of season to get the full flavor of the setting .
that does n't seem fair does it
They proclaimed Japan 's mission to bring progress to its backward Asian neighbors in language not so very different from that of the Europeans in Africa or the US in Latin America .
I 'm busy now .
He married Dona Filipa Moniz -LRB- Perestrelo -RRB- , the daughter of Porto Santo 's first governor , and lived on the island for a period , fathering a son there .
Growth continued for ten years , and by 1915 the town had telephones , round-the-clock electricity , and a growing population many of whom worked in the railroad repair shop .
Tourist Information offices can be very helpful .
He had no real answer .
This popular show spawned the aquatic show at the Bellagio .
oh my uh-huh uh-huh
On Fox News Sunday , host Tony Snow touted a poll showing that 60 percent of Americans think the allegations represent a pattern of behavior .
Despite protests by preservationists , there was little alternative .
Load time is divided into elemental and coverage related load time .
NHTSA noted that the only other possible interpretation of section 330 was to treat the phrase standards promulgated ... prior to the enactment of this section as
i voted in the last national one yeah i 'm not sure if i got the last local one
My article does not say or imply that real earnings growth only reflects retentions and that dividend growth must be zero or that all valuation techniques are out the window for firms that do n't pay dividends .
um we tried that but we really were n't happy with it so he does that all himself now
On the Use of Generalized Additive Models in Time-Series Studies of Air Pollution and Health .
Also , Time claims that for the past year , the FBI has been seeking Robert Jacques , a possible accomplice to Timothy McVeigh in the Oklahoma City bombing .
Territorial rights , in the form of a deck chair , can be assured for a nominal sum .
She shrugged .
I ca n't help but wonder if Shuger thought to ask himself a few simple questions before launching his attack -- questions such as , did Tripp ask to be moved to her current job ?
The burden of his spiritual functions as high priest of Shinto and the tasks of administration led the emperor to welcome an early abdication , frequently to retire to a life of Buddhist meditation and scholarship .
But the arguments that it would do harm seem unpersuasive .
You see , he said sadly , `` you have no instincts . ''
The park is a graceful and elegant expanse with fine views of the mountains , much loved by Dubliners since it was first opened to the public in 1747 .
yeah i i think my favorite restaurant is always been the one closest you know the closest as long as it 's it meets the minimum criteria you know of good food
Participants suggested the need for a new reporting model for auditing , a renewed focus on the quality of auditing , and building more effective working relationships with the audit committee .
Zoom-out vs. zoom - Ever since Roe , pro-life posters and pamphlets have depicted isolated fetuses .
well wonderful that 'll be a musician
my goodness it 's hard to believe i did n't think there was anybody in the country who had n't seen that one
They are levied through the power of the Government to compel payment , and the person or entity that pays these fees does not receive anything of value from the Government in exchange .
There are also ferries to Discovery Bay .
Governed by the great bendahara Mutahir with more diplomacy than military force , the sultanate asserted its supremacy over the whole Malay peninsula -LRB- except for the northernmost Thai-held Patani region -RRB- and across the Melaka Straits to the east coast of Sumatra .
Sue me , Royko wrote .
yeah yeah yeah well because that 's the way they they might seem outwardly but boy there 's a lots going on in there
The Committee intends that LSC consult with appropriate stakeholders in developing this proposal .
not only that but they do n't pay the money either
This guide will introduce you to many , but not all , of the popular Aegean Islands .
Under the default method , eighty percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances available for allocation each year will be allocated to Acid Rain Program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the Administrator 's Emissions Scorecard 2000 , Appendix B -LRB- 2000 Data for SO2 , NOx , CO2 , Heat Input , and Other Parameters -RRB- , Table B1 -LRB- All 2000 Data for All Units -RRB- .
Also , the Holy Family are said to have sheltered here on their return from Egypt .
Egg cattle merry wedged marvelous
One possible explanation is that surging household wealth in recent years contributed to the virtual disappearance of personal saving .
In addition , Saracens invaded the Provencal coast from North Africa , and Magyar armies attacked Lor?raine and Bur?gun?dy .
-LRB- Imagine the difference between smoking a cigarette and injecting pure nicotine directly into a vein . -RRB-
His politeness sounded strange coming from a desert nomad .
The providers worked with the newly created Legal Assistance to the Disadvantaged Committee of the Minnesota State Bar Association -LRB- MSBA -RRB- to create the Minnesota Legal Services Coalition State Support Center and the position of Director of Volunteer Legal Services , now the Access to Justice Director at the Minnesota State Bar Association .
they 're almost five hundred a month for a one bedroom place
Here you 'll see the delightful but slowly disappearing indigenous FWI costume madras turban , madras skirt over petticoat , silk peplum , white blouse , and gold earrings , bracelets , and collier-choux necklace .
LSC set a deadline of October 1 , 1998 , for submission of state planning reports .
The analysis presented here is an attempt to address the second argument .
What about the hole ? '' They scanned the cliff-side narrowly .
He had never felt better .
A detailed English explanation of the plot is always provided , and wireless recorded commentary units are sometimes available .
CHAPTER 3 : FEDERAL MISSION PP
17 An alternative to unaddressed mail would be to auction off the right to be a third bundle on specific days in specific post offices .
In short , most of the whale is incompressible .
Today it is lined with shipyards , factories , and industrial development , and its waters are badly polluted .
Current Chinese leaders have distinctive characteristics that give them significant advantages over the United States in foreign policy .
These men had never seen rain before , Jon realized .
Whether a government postal service can engage in these kinds of negotiations deserves serious study .
I 'm sure I wo n't get stuck to it , ' Julia remarked about the suitcase she was carrying .
Initial demand for land in the New Town was not spectacular ; in fact , incentives had to be offered to entice buyers .
Each room was outfitted with a leather sofa and three fold-out beds for students exhausted after a full day of hard work .
oh you know i like what i 'm doing right now
There are certain categories of control activities that are common to all agencies .
Inflation is supposed to be a deadly poison , not a useful medicine .
The gardens are among the greatest in Europe , and take in a view of the Sugar Loaf Mountain as part of their design .
Also , lack of winter freezes means that mites normally killed off by the cold will survive .
well UNLV they say UNLV may be the greatest amateur team ever
LASNNY is one of the oldest and most cost-effective legal services organizations in the United States .
High Crimes is painfully shoddy , even for a book rushed to press .
The elements of this example , repeated across millions of individual tasks , encapsulates the difference between an advanced industrial economy with a high standard of living and a less developed country with a low standard of living .
have you read Tom Clancy
He 'd gone a long way on what he 'd found in one elementary book .
At the top , it bore the printed stamp of Messrs.
Many restaurants and cafes welcome children .
The good news , however , can be found in reports like this one .
Among the sights in Beziers are the ancient Eglise Saint Jacques and Eglise Sainte Madeleine , the 19th-century Halles -LRB- covered market -RRB- , and the massive Cathedrale Saint-Nazaire , from which there is a good view over the river valley .
A federal employment training program can report on the number of participants .
Each one planting itself in the sides of Stark 's neck .
I just stopped where I was .
the approving official 's knowledge true , correct , and accurate , and in accordance with applicable laws , regulations , and legal decisions .
and the same is true of the drug hangover you know if you
This tax preference allows state and local governments to borrow at lower rates to build highways , schools , mass transit facilities , and water systems .
He knew how the Simulacra was supposed to develop .
The show , which begins each evening at 9:00 p.m. , relates in melodramatic fashion the history of Istanbul while coloured floodlights illuminate the spectacular architecture of the Blue Mosque .
Welts grew on each of the man 's cheeks .
Czarek was welcomed enthusiastically , even though the poultry brotherhood was paying a lot of sudden attention to the newcomers - a strong group of young and talented managers from an egzemo-exotic chicken farm in Fodder Band nearby Podunkowice .
The next year , he was expelled from Rand as a security risk after local police caught him engaging in a lewd act in a public men 's room near Muscle Beach .
well camping is one thing that i i could never get used to uh i i used to take the kids to go fishing and things like that but i never went uh never went camping
I think it is important for everyone to understand the extent to which First-Class mail is already carrying a disproportionate share of the institutional cost or overhead burden of the postal system .
She wears either revealing clothes or professional clothes -LRB- or perhaps both -RRB- .
are you originally from uh Texas
iii Program Letter 1998-1 , published on February 12 , 1998 , called upon all LSC recipients to analyze any progress made toward the development of the legal services model envisioned by state planners .
Respondents to the Board 's question on whether the alternatives of presenting costs of Federal mission PP & amp
Accusations of corruption among officials in Rao 's administration in 1995 also paved the way for a comeback .
If you have any questions about this report , please contact Henry R. Wray , Senior Associate General Counsel , at -LRB-202-RRB- 512-8581 .
They copied Louis XIV 's centralized administration and tax-collection , and by the 18th century Turin was a sparkling royal capital built , quite unlike any other Italian city , in classical French manner .
yeah pay fifteen yeah yes i know yeah and when you pay fifteen dollars a month it sure takes a long time
Five years ago , Speaker-elect Newt Gingrich promised to make important information available online at the same moment that it is available to the highest-paid Washington lobbyist .
The Garden Island is lush with botanical estates and Waimea Canyon , the grand Canyon of the Pacific .
After considering comments of the Postal Service and other participants , the Commission found the proposal problematical , and declined to pursue it .
I 've always jumped on sentiment and here I am being more sentimental than anybody .
These traditional low-drafted craft ply effortlessly and quietly through the water guided by their experienced pilots .
oh yeah IBM uh i mean uh a lot of people use human factors folks but IBM is what i 'm looking at right now
If you are keen to learn Israeli folk dancing , the Bicurei Ha'etim Cellar in Heftman Street will teach you .
i do n't know she said they go crazy
-LRB- Read Slate 's on how Bush flaunts the courage of his cliches .
Nothing prior to May 7 , 1915 .
The cold air and the abundance of water gave them all good cheer that eve .
And she came to you ?
Princes Street is to Scots what Oxford Street is to the English the premier shopping street of the land .
It 's mighty lucky you did say it .
i think there would be an awful lot of resentment and um i i really do n't think it would be feasible on our country
What a lot of bottles ! I exclaimed , as my eye travelled round the small room .
Usually , sites for program effects case studies should be selected with great care for criteria such as whether there is evidence that the program has been implemented at the site , whether the site has been subjected to changes that could have the same effects as the program or that could mask its effects , and how the addition of this site to the group of sites being studied supports the generalizability of the findings .
Friendly staff .
Why bother to sacrifice your lives for dirt farmers and slavers ?
AC Green 's pretty good
We have done that spectacularly .
And it needs work too , you know , in case I have to jump out with this parachute from my lil ' blue sports plane for real . '
Finally the woman opened her eyes feebly .
Ceter of the national aerosece industry , with a vigorous local culture and bright and breezy street life , this university city has an infectious enthusiasm to it .
As a result , EPA could not ensure that it was directing its efforts toward the environmental problems that were of greatest concern to citizens or posed the greatest risk to the health of the population or the environment itself .
Shoot only the ones that face us , Jon had told Adrin .
Jon 's defense began to weaken and slow .
Lalley also is enthused about other bar efforts on behalf of the poor , most notably the Legal Assistance Center will operate out of the new courthouse .
you know it took away a lot of of time from them we did go out to you know to the places that you typically take children to and we had a lot of fun but it seems as though the time went by so fast that
He could make quite an issue out of the need to determine the characteristic impedance of their sky .
NIPA had already recognized mineral exploration as investment , and in 1996 , NIPA reclassified government purchases of plant and equipment as investment .
He bent down to study the tiny little jeweled gears .
So have I for that matter , but I flatter myself that my choice of dishes was more judicious than yours .
Why bother to sacrifice your lives for dirt farmers and slavers ?
and i use a one of those black soaker hoses that actually oozes water every where so i lace it up and down there a couple of times and i only have to water about two hours a week
need the car the next day type deal so
Any point you failed to win by rigging the questions and categories can be cleaned up in the executive summary -LRB- the pollster 's spin -RRB- and the press release and news conference -LRB- the client 's spin on the pollster 's spin -RRB- .
After the execution of Guru Tegh Bahadur , his son , Guru Gobind Singh , exalted the faithful to be ever ready for armed defense .
Some of the salesladies at this colorful , soft-sell market wear traditional Martinique costumes .
In the same issue , a document entitled Analysis Regarding The Food And Drug Administration 's Jurisdiction Over Nicotine-Containing Cigarettes And Smokeless Tobacco Products was published and comments were requested .
eligible individuals and the rules that apply if a state does not substantially enforce the statutory requirements .
The center had become a hodgepodge of unconnected programs -- a day-care center , a library , a nonviolence training school .
' Blankley replies , And there are fund-raisers going out in other parts of the country to raise ` The conservatives are coming , the conservatives are coming .
They keep romance and marriage apart '' Tommy flushed .
In 1979 , he stopped at a Lexington clothing store to buy cowboy boots .
and the wind started blowing and it was one of my earlier trips to be really out in the middle of
Randy 's Anecdotal Wrap-Up
In fact , the Lions of Delos were made from Naxos marble .
But , as the last problem I 'll outline suggests , neither of the previous two objections matters .
Perhaps tax reform does n't appeal to the new spiritualized side of Bradley .
Adrin heard of a young king in the south who fought against slavers and had an ivory skinned raven-haired swordswoman at his side .
uh-huh well it 's good that she does that i mean bring it to people 's attention
We were playing all sorts of sports , and you were not , so shut up and stop twitching , ' the microbe 's tone of voice changed , it was lower and more resounding .
Although I 'm certain it amused Scott Shuger -LRB- an amusing guy , to judge by the terrific Today 's Papers -RRB- to join the ranks of those who have publicly disparaged Linda Tripp , the fact remains that nothing in his piece , , reflects at all on Tripp herself .
That analysis is guided by an economist 's faith in the maxim that people are generally pretty good at looking out for their own interests .
I see , said Tuppence thoughtfully .
Moreover , Las Vegas has recently started to show signs of maturity in its cultural status as well .
She did n't listen .
While parents may pick up this gay semaphore , kids are n't likely to .
Legal Services Corp. , 02-CV-3866 , names as defendants the national Legal Services Corp. , which distributes federal grants to providers , and Legal Services of New Jersey , which distributes state money .
In 2001 , LSC continued to play an active role in encouraging and supporting states ' technology plans .
Jon twisted the man 's wrist .
yeah yeah you probably get this probably pretty sticky after you get done then you 've got to drain the water out of the watermelon because you know when you scrape it it makes the water
In 392 the Emperor Theodosius proclaimed Christianity to be the official religion of the Roman Empire , and on his death in 395 the empire was split once more , between his two sons , and was never again to be reunited .
The Chinese calendar was used to calculate the year of Japan 's foundation by counting back the 1,260 years of the Chinese cosmological cycle .
The day may well come , as Barlow and Dyson seem to believe , when book publishers as we know them will disappear .
Despite a recent renovation , the Meadows Mall is the least appealing of the three suburban malls .
These rules implement section 106 of the Federal Crop Insurance Reform Act of 1994 .
you know your children are going you know you 've got five children in school instead of somebody that only has one or none and so you they 're paying more income tax to pay for your children to go to school it just you know does n't make sense
Placido Domingo 's appearance on the package , compellingly photographed in costume as the ancient King of Crete , -LRB- Anthony Tommasini , the New York Times -RRB- is the main selling point for this new recording of one of Mozart 's more obscure operas -- a fact that does not make critics happy .
I said it and I 'm glad .
The finest is the huge conical-roofed Tomb/Pillar of Absalom -LRB- King David 's son -RRB- .
We 've got to think .
Very often the emperor was only a minor , so that the Fujiwara patriarch acted as regent .
To help identify solutions to this problem , Senators Fred Thompson and John Glenn , Chairman and Ranking Minority Member , respectively , of the Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs , requested that we study organizations with superior security programs to identify management practices that could benefit federal agencies .
How to Watch Washington Week in Review : Back to front .
They have prominent red protuberances and may have been named after the British redcoats .
Never mind that the movie had been out for months and that a Best Supporting Actor Oscar nomination had already been awarded for the portrayal of the female character .
We saw a whole new model develop - a holistic approach to lawyering , one-stop shopping , she said .
The purpose of this paper is to analyze rural delivery costs and compare them with city delivery costs .
` These are human lives .
so do you have do you have the long i guess not not if there 's see i was raised in New York but i guess up there you all do n't have too long of a growing season do you
In the 1980s , and as late as 1994 , a major Republican theme was a sort of taunting , nyah-nyah populism .
Unless the political culture changes drastically , there will always be one or more independent prosecutors investigating the administration of the day and/or past administrations , anyway .
The Revolutionaries could n't be dissuaded from destroying most of the cathedral 's statues , although 67 were saved -LRB- many of the originals are now housed in the Mus ?? e de l'Oeuvre Notre-Dame next door -RRB- .
-LRB- As the old saying goes , If you ca n't figure out who the fool is at the poker table , it 's probably you .
The central porch is still intact , depicting Jesus 's entry into Jerusalem , the Crucifixion , and other scenes from the Bible .
` Best we could hope for . '
Was it a sudden decision on his part , or had he already made up his mind when he parted from me a few hours earlier ?
The WP runs a piece inside reporting that during a church service last Sunday , Cardinal John O'Connor of New York criticized President Clinton from the pulpit for taking Catholic communion while in South Africa .
That example points to an important general Total expenditure is determined by the value of the prize , whether we 're talking about presidential campaigns or state lotteries .
year , they gave morethan a half million dollars to Western Michigan Legal Services .
General Motors , for instance , lost $ 460 million to strikes in 1997 , but investors treated the costs as a kind of extraordinary charge and valued the company as if the losses had never happened .
The governing statute provides that a committee consisting of the Comptroller General , the Speaker of the House and President Pro Tempore of the Senate , the Majority and Minority leaders , and the Chairmen and Ranking Minority Members of the Senate Governmental Affairs and House Government Reform Committees recommend an individual to the President for appointment .
` And I do n't want to risk a fire fight with what appear to be horribly equal numbers . '
you know Arnold Schwarzenegger is getting to be uh a bit of a variety actor you know at first he was just a big muscle man but he 's kind of branching out
Watch for Pagla Jhora , the Mad Torrent , just after Gladstone 's Rock -LRB- shaped like the statesman 's head -RRB- .
And now they here put him in a coma . '
well i think i got to agree with you there
The m ?? tro -LRB- subway -RRB- is the fastest way to move around the city , but the buses , both in the capital and the other big towns , are best for taking in the sights .
Working groups were established to coordinate training statewide , to focus on the establishment of a statewide website and to continue coordination and sharing in technology matters .
Julius nodded gravely .
You claimed to be a repairman for such devices . '' Hanson bent to study it again , using a diamond lens one of the warlocks handed him .
If he were someone who was an assistant , with an ailing mother to support , well , it would be impossible .
It was going to be a hot day .
life in prison then he 's available for parole if it 's if it 's life and a day then he 's not eligible for parole so what you know let 's quit BSing with the system
I was soon strong enough to move .
he 's a college graduate type guy he 's been in all he 's an entrepreneur and he gives very practical financial advice about cars very you know not not nothing college level basic stuff his name is Bruce Williams he 's on national radio uh i do n't know what it would be down there you might want to whatever your radio talk shows are down there he 's on that channel it 's uh it 's five seventy up here
Every fresh circumstance seems to establish it more clearly . ''
well they 're so close to an undefeated undefeated season they can taste it and they wan na make history so i do n't think they 're gon na lack for motivation
well um i uh exercise regularly i work at a university and i swim almost everyday
yeah well losing is i mean i 'm i 'm originally from Saint Louis and Saint Louis Cardinals when they were there were uh a mostly a losing team but
In Mumbai , both Juhu and Chowpatty beaches are , for instance , definitely a bad idea , and though the Marina beaches in Chennai are cleaner , there may be sharks .
Fixing current levels of damage would be impossible .
oh no no they 're not fired they there are they have one chance to then go in a program if you come back positive you have one chance to go in and go into they have a lot of uh rehabilitation both for alcohol and for drug use uh and they have uh a lot of uh they they have an agency where you can go for personal problems financial or whatever
4 million homes watch the evening news on CBS , ABC , and NBC .
yeah i know and i did that all through college and it worked too
yeah i was in Peru Peru but um i there were n't as i recall or at least i was n't aware of that many Americans there except for a very heavy concentration of Peace Corps volunteers this was when the Peace Corps first are started and it was one of the big targets
6 cents are used for domestic investment .
I said it and I 'm glad .
farmworkers conducted by the U.S.
The Drawing Room was partially destroyed by fire in 1941 , and its furnishings are faithful reproductions ; the huge -LRB- repaired -RRB- Ming punch bowl is striking .
that 's their signal
The aggregate effect on the amount of federal government saving is what affects the level of national saving and economic growth .
The finest is the huge conical-roofed Tomb/Pillar of Absalom -LRB- King David 's son -RRB- .
Cruises are available from the Bhansi Ghat , which is near the CityPalace .
Tabulations of actual meetings and of consequent actions for same-agency funded and different-agency funded services can help check out whether this impression is reliable .
The air is warm .
from grocery store baggers that want to buy my car because it 's a Trans Am they 're high school seniors seventeen years old and they got to impress their girl friend
because otherwise it 's too it gets if you start them when it 's cooler in the spring then it gets too hot in the summer
-LRB- Never mind the strictest reading , which supposes that creation took a week . -RRB-
Then , all the time , it was in the spill vase in Mrs. Inglethorp 's bedroom , under our very noses ? I cried .
However , in the off-field -LRB- sentimental -RRB- tournament , the Falcons and Jets have more appealing story lines .
Sainte-Anne itself has a long , broad beach used not only by fishermen in vividly painted boats , but also by families with small children .
oh i enjoyed it i mean it was just more for my money
The editors , for their part , arrange to have them all written just in case I do .
probably yeah i would imagine the judge could throw it out
One reason for the high value of MLB teams is the prospect of new , publicly financed ballparks . Owners in Baltimore , Cleveland , Chicago , Denver , and Texas have all reaped major profits from these new facilities , built at little or no cost to the teams .
The AMS system also allows users to search the full text of the public comments , identifies form letter comments and ex parte communications ,8 and provides a list of related government web sites-features that are currently not available in the DOT docket management system .
We have taken a number of steps to empower and invest in our employees .
More reserved and remote but a better administrator and financier than his uncle , Charles Brooke imposed on his men his own austere , efficient style of life .
And put like that , she added confidentially to Tommy , `` nobody could boggle at the expense ! '' Nobody did , which was the great thing .
Jon walked back to the town to the smithy .
oh no no they 're not fired they there are they have one chance to then go in a program if you come back positive you have one chance to go in and go into they have a lot of uh rehabilitation both for alcohol and for drug use uh and they have uh a lot of uh they they have an agency where you can go for personal problems financial or whatever
Pearl Jam detractors still ca n't stand singer Eddie They say he 's unbearably self-important and limits the group 's appeal by refusing to sell out and make videos .
In general , six elements appear purpose , type of data collected , method of data collection , design , method of data analysis , and reporting .
uh-huh you ca n't do that in a skirt poor thing
i 'll listen and agree with what i think sounds right
The Washington Post called it the culmination of a six-month game of political chicken .
Tom is the winner of a year 's supply of Turtle Wax , and he will receive his prize just as soon as the Shopping Avenger figures out how much Turtle Wax actually constitutes a year 's supply .
I have to tell you , I tried to understand it .
See the idea ? '' 35 `` Then you think '' Tuppence paused to grasp the supposition fully `` that it WAS as Jane Finn that they wanted me to go to Paris ? '' Mr. Carter smiled more wearily than ever .
GAO also issued over 160 reports detailing specific findings and made over 100 recommendations to agencies and to the President 's Council on Year 2000 Conversion for improving the government 's readiness .
then there 's that uh let 's see i like the Lakers Milwaukee Atlanta Hawks i like them too
NHTSA concluded that while section 330 superseded the section 32902 criteria , it did not supersede the section 32902 mandate that there be CAFE standards for model year 1998 .
You know .
However , the WRAP States may unanimously petition the Administrator to determine that the total emissions of affected EGUs are reasonably projected to exceed 271,000 tons in 2018 or a later year and to make affected EGUs subject to the requirements of the new WRAP trading program .
The anthropologist Napoleon Chagnon has shown that Yanomamo men who have killed other men have more wives and more offspring than average guys .
What have we for lunch ?
It 's mighty lucky you did say it .
Credibility is a vital factor , and Jim Lehrer does , indeed , have it .
But if banks , airlines , and communications companies accept key recovery , the terrorists will risk potential exposure every time they do business with those institutions .
yeah yeah if they do come up with a positive regardless of what uh what it was they detected uh we 're required to go attend a uh a counseling session
Clearly , yes .
John Panzar has characterized street delivery as a bottleneck function because a single firm can deliver to a recipient at a lower total cost than multiple firms delivering to the same customer .
They managed to control much of the country for nearly a century before the Muslim leader Saladin -LRB- Salah-ad-Din -RRB- defeated them in 1187 .
Finish it , someone yelled .
The doctor accepted quite readily the theory that Mrs. Vandemeyer had accidentally taken an overdose of chloral .
They wanted you , so they got you . '' Dave considered it .
More to the point , even as the major airlines have been reaping large profits over the last four years , their productivity has not risen at all , suggesting that consolidation is not improving efficiency .
While obviously constrained by their bondage , blacks nonetheless forged a culture rich with religious observances , folk tales , family traditions , song , and so on .
Others watched them with cold eyes and expressionless faces .
yeah well i was surprised at the the way they drafted last year they did n't really did n't go for the uh big offensive lineman or the defensive lineman they 're going for the skilled positions so quarterbacks they really
Concentration of greenhouse gases , especially CO2 , have increased substantially since the beginning of the industrial revolution .
the approving official 's knowledge true , correct , and accurate , and in accordance with applicable laws , regulations , and legal decisions .
In its submission , HCFA did not identify any other statute or executive order imposing procedural requirements relevant to the rule .
The author began with a set of hunches or hypotheses about what can go wrong in agency management , and what would be evidence supporting-or contradicting-these hypotheses .
GAO 's recommendations are intended to improve the economy , efficiency , and effectiveness of an agency 's operations and to improve the accountability of the federal government for the benefit of the American people .
He also has a private practice .
you know they ca n't really defend themselves like somebody grown uh say my age you know yeah
yeah i 'm trying to find out how long we 're supposed talk
Cabourg is the most stately of the old Channel resorts .
I thought working on Liddy 's campaign would be better than working on Bob 's .
The man shifted slightly and cut the spear out of the air .
The dramatic cliffs of the Serra de Tramuntana mountain range hug the coastline of the entire northwest and north , from Andratx all the way to the Cape of Formentor .
2466 , discusses the four collections , which include certification of a minimum number of installed and operating microwave links and the maintenance of a computer-readable database .
Since the system would automatically verify all receipts and acceptances prior to invoice payment authorization , there would be no need to authorize payment prior to verification of receipt .
Yes , it does , admitted Tuppence .
Today it is the effects of pollution that are taking their toll on Agra 's monuments .
probably you probably got everybody on you because they were probably all going to law school
Just north of the Shalom Tower is the Yemenite Quarter , its main attractions being the bustling Carmel market and good Oriental restaurants .
Finally the woman opened her eyes feebly .
In the case of speech , Fiss appears to believe that the reason the American public is less enlightened than he would wish it to be concerning matters such as feminism , the rights of homosexuals , and regulation of industry is that people are denied access to the opinions and information that would enlighten them .
After their savage battles , the warriors recuperated through meditation in the peace of a Zen monastery rock garden .
Broadly speaking , the CEF Moderate scenario can be thought of as a 50 % increase in funding for programs that promote a variety of both demand-side and supply-side technologies .
They encourage the view that there 's nothing -- from Iraqi germ weapons programs to Serbian atrocities -- that a few invisible planes ca n't fix .
In an effort to more thoroughly explore this topic , we expanded our discussions beyond the eight organizations that were the primary subjects of our study by requesting the Computer Security Institute to informally poll its most active members on this subject .
couple of years ago i was thinking about moving to Massachusetts but uh boy i 'm glad i did n't
pretty good newspaper uh-huh
I understand , '' continued the Coroner deliberately , `` that you were sitting reading on the bench just outside the long window of the boudoir .
For more than 26 centuries it has witnessed countless declines , falls , and rebirths , and today continues to resist the assaults of brutal modernity in its time-locked , color-rich historical center .
In 1982 , Wallace won his last race for governor with a quarter of the black votes cast in the Democratic primary , a fact alluded to in a written epilogue at the end of the film .
The woman rolled and drew two spears before the horse had rolled and broken the rest .
In other words , the paper exhibited the all-too-typical journalistic tic of exposing potential conflicts of interest involving politicians while ignoring those involving journalists .
yeah because you look at the statistics now and i 'm sure it 's in your your newspapers just like it is in ours that every major city now the increase of crime is is escalating i mean there are more look at the look at the people there are being shot now i mean every day there 's there 's dozens of dozens of people across the nation they just get blown away for no reason you know stray bullets or California they were going out there and they were shooting and they get these guys and they do n't do anything with them so i kind of i kind of agree with you i 'm kind of you still in the in the uh prison system
At least they 're getting stoned first , I rationalized .
The agency also receives a percentage of money from the Interest On Lawyers ' Trust Accounts .
Now it 's my turn , and even if I 'm walking in a dead man 's shoes , I can make my way afresh .
Without the discount , nobody would buy the stock .
Jon 's feeling of age and weariness must have shown .
Thus , the net scale benefit is initially positive , whether or not we adjust for the wage premium .
Loire Valley
Homes or businesses not located on one of these roads must place a mail receptacle along the route traveled .
Beautiful examples of enamelware , ceramics , and pottery are produced in great abundance , often following a Celtic theme .
Last year at Tuscaloosa 's Turning Point Domestic Violence Sexual Assault Services , half of the 160 women who sought shelter used Legal Services , said executive director Kathy Benitez .
Jerusalem was divided into east and west , under the control of Jordan and Israel respectively .
Dinghies are available for hire from the marinas at Tel Aviv , Jaffa , Akko , Netanya , and Nahariya .
Information is the resource-extractive industry of the next century , and the concept of intellectual property -- a term that dates back 150 years -- comes up when individuals or companies assert a particular claim and embody it in the form of copyrights , trademarks , and patents .
The city was founded in the third millennium b.c. on the north shore of the bay , and reached a peak during the tenth century b.c. , when it was one of the most important cities in the Ionian Federation the poet Homer was born in S myrna during this period .
But is the Internet so miraculous an advertising vehicle that Gross will be able to siphon off $ 400 per person from total ad spending of $ 1,000 per family -- or persuade advertisers to spend an additional $ 400 to reach each of his customers ?
Visigoths sack Rome
I felt an immeasurable 230 contempt for him ... .
The entrance is also home to several sculptures , including one of Carlyle , the gallery 's founding father .
i i have some feelings about it in the sense that i feel if a person is guilty beyond a reasonable doubt and it 's a really heinous crime i feel like the Bible says an eye for an eye
yes well yeah i am um actually actually i think that i at the higher level education i do n't think there 's so much of a problem there it 's pretty much funded well there are small colleges that i 'm sure are struggling
Saddam could emerge strengthened -LRB- and America tarnished -RRB- in the eyes of the Arab world .
For the next two centuries Aelia Capitolina enjoyed an innocuous history .
the only thing that they had a great abundance of was uh you know human beings
Never trust a Sather , Bork said softly .
Intifada to the Present
LSC 's State Planning Initiative began in 1995 primarily in response to the programmatic changes and budget cuts that were threatening the very survival of legal services delivery across the nation .
You can eat and shop in and around the once-magnificent and heavily fortified Crusader city , with its enormous ramparts and cathedral .
Also beyond city limits is the Legacy Golf Club in the nearby suburb of Henderson .
Two economists at Virginia Commonwealth University -- yes , here are the economists again , but this time making a more plausible argument -- studied millions of auto-accident claims filed between 1989 and 1993 .
Generally , if pH of scrubbing liquor falls below a range of 5.0 to 6.0 , additional reagent is required to maintain the reactivity of the absorbent .
i know that you know the further we go from Adam the worse the food is for you but God still somehow makes us all be able to still live i think it 's a miracle we 're all still alive after so many generations well the last couple of processed foods you know i mean but i do n't know i like to i like to my i like to be able to eat really healthy you know what am saying and i guess i 'm going to have to wait for the millennium i think though because i do do n't think we 're going to restore the earth to you know i think Jesus is the only one that can make this earth be restored to what it should be
Designed as a series of pleasure gardens in the Italianate style in 1865 , with cascades , spectacular fountains , and rustic grottoes , an ongoing restoration hopes to bring them back to the original plan .
Programs that do this typically have successful cost and schedule outcomes .
His vigorous strides soon enabled him to gain upon them , and by the time he , in his turn , reached the corner the distance between them was sensibly lessened .
The most popular form of shadow theater is known as Wayang Siam .
North of Mytilini , stop at the village of Moria , where you will find the remains of a huge Roman aqueduct surrounded by grazing goats .
Rather , kids today are not only little bundles of joy but also are perhaps the ultimate symbols of worldly success and status .
In other cases , we must rely on survey approaches to estimate WTP , usually through a variant of the contingent valuation approach , which generally involves directly questioning respondents for their WTP in hypothetical market situations .
The church of Panagia Theoskepastos houses a fine 14th-century icon , and the Catholic Cathedral has a tenth-century Madonna and Child .
Generally , data collection and analysis are concurrent and interactive-that is , yoked in case study methods .
right well the warmth that developed between them and again it i think was a picture of relationships
Two of them saw Thorn coming .
looking at that and you know and if it 's if it 's funny or if it keeps my interest if it 's exciting i 'll watch it if not i do n't and times that i saw that or pieces of that it was n't any it was n't great Thirty Something i watched a few times because there was a few good episodes and then after that it it i just lost interest in it
At 60 cents , it 's a bargain !
If I had chosen to be an actor , I should have been the greatest actor living !
Starting from Scratch
Slate continues to be available on MSN and directly on the Web at slate.com .
Many users commented on the effectiveness of the new technology in promoting closer relationships among providers .
In these cases , participants risk losing not only their jobs but also a significant portion of their retirement savings if their company files for bankruptcy .
It can entail prospective and retrospective designs and it permits synthesis of many individual case studies undertaken at different times and in different sites .
Possible Clinton had sex with her , but it was n't rape .
At Gatehouse , in Kent .
my parents uh were sailing uh this last year down off uh Costa Rica and they took about two weeks and went into i do n't even know the name of the river there but they went white water rafting and Mom said it was absolutely just a wonderful experience she said it was truly incredible
As a result of these procedures , the Department estimates an annual net savings of $ 545 million .
This man claims that he has been robbed en route and is stranded without money or his plane ticket in an airport somewhere in Europe or the Middle East .
i do n't know i i do i can think of all the uh the biblical things about it too where what did they say to uh i ca n't think of the scripture Render unto Caesar 's what is Caesar 's so
any bad stuff so uh i think TI we spend of of of all the major semiconductor firms we probably put safety and environmental on the utmost foremost uh uh first thing we always look at and we probably put more money into the systems and engineering behind the systems than any other firm i know of we eat and sleep the stuff everything we do over here and uh
audits and other reviews , including those showing deficiencies and recommendations reported by auditors and others who evaluate agencies ' operations , -LRB- 2 -RRB- determine proper actions in response to findings and recommendations from audits and reviews , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- complete , within established time frames , all actions that correct or otherwise resolve the matters brought to management 's attention .
How long , Thaler and Siegel ask , will it take most investors to get wise to the fact that the equity premium is just too damned high ?
uh-huh oh yeah i had n't heard that one let 's see i ca n't oh gosh that that probably wipes out my whole inventory of TV shows other than um PBS i
plus i like to dance you know
Local legend claims that he wrote part of his great saga , Os Lusadas , in what is now called the Camees Grotto , situated in the spacious tropical Camees Garden .
Each edition of the DSM is the product of arguments , negotiations , and compromises .
On Naxos , you can walk through the pretty villages of the Tragea Valley and the foothills of Mount Zas , admiring Byzantine churches and exploring olive groves at your leisure .
Some of the salesladies at this colorful , soft-sell market wear traditional Martinique costumes .
They have prominent red protuberances and may have been named after the British redcoats .
Do n't miss the open-air market close by the wharves .
We need to be sure of our going . '' But Tuppence , for once , seemed tongue-tied .
Helms , who will be 81 when his fifth term ends , is increasingly frail .
Designed as a series of pleasure gardens in the Italianate style in 1865 , with cascades , spectacular fountains , and rustic grottoes , an ongoing restoration hopes to bring them back to the original plan .
no not it not no it 's a it 's not something
facilitate suits for benefits by using the State and Federal courts and the independent bar on which those courts depend for the proper performance of their duties and responsibilities .
they ought to take all them little misdemeanor people let them go let them go
oh yes yeah yeah yeah that 's true too that 's true
well uh what do you think about taxes do you think we 're paying too much
To their good fortune , he 's proving them right .
i think yeah and it 's a just a nice escape and you know it 's something to laugh at and enjoy
In this situation , the value to the mailer of the improved service would be considered along with the cost of doing the work .
He said the Web site will help bridge the digital divide that keeps the poor from using the Internet as a resource .
Complacency came easily after a couple of weeks without capture .
Can you point me to housewares ?
But there 's plenty more .
Under the rule , HUD may also accept an assignment of
Critics complain that John Frankenheimer 's miniseries about the Alabama governor and presidential candidate plays fast and loose with history .
yeah because being a student i 'm doing it for the money
The avenue on the left leads towards the pointed Divan Tower -LRB- Divan Kulesi -RRB- , at the foot of which lie the Council Chamber and the Grand Vezir 's Office .
2.5 Financial audits are performed under the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants ' -LRB- AICPA -RRB- generally accepted auditing standards for field work and reporting , as well as the related AICPA Statements on Auditing Standards -LRB- SASs -RRB- which interpret the standards and provide guidance on conducting such work .
Tuppence seized the bell and Jane the knocker .
There are no gods here now , said the voice of the monster in front of them .
Friendly staff .
H-2A agricultural workers are required to maintain a foreign residence which they have no intention of abandoning .
or they had somebody at home that was ill that they had to tend to i mean you ca n't make it everybody
The track continues past the necropolis to an impressive amphitheatre , very probably carved by Nabateans , but influenced by the Romans .
we 're thinking about putting one of those in
All of a sudden I sat down on the edge of the table , and put my face in my hands , sobbing out a ` Mon Dieu !
Though he abstains from showbizzy campaigning , he markets his virtue and exploits his legend .
Lydians and Persians
and these poor guys out there uh trying to uphold the law um i do n't know i kind of think they should bring back capital punishment
sort of a building season season yeah
Treat yourself and bill it to Si .
Cases in Comparative
He 's a bad lot .
He was born Siddhartha Gautama in a grove of sal trees at Lumbini -LRB- just across the Nepalese border -RRB- around the year 566 b.c.
and have been back and every now and then some news filters in that they went to see some of the old things and of course the savings and loan program um that was that you know that that just continued to grow in fact after my group i mean we were just a very small specialized group too to get that going and spread and then of course Peace Corps bowed out of that because that 's uh uh something that nationalized very quickly and the same with the coops
For example , NIPA excludes capital transfers , like estate tax receipts , which are recorded as revenue in the unified budget , and investment grants-in-aid to state and local governments , which the unified budget records as outlays .
Even today , Yanomamo men raid villages , kill men , and abduct women for procreative purposes .
Further , given the dynamic environment agencies face , employees need incentives , training , and support to help them continually learn and adapt .
i 'm on i 'm in the Plano school system and living in Richardson and there is a real dichotomy in terms of educational and economic background of the kids that are going to be attending this school
If anything , ultimate fighting is safer and less cruel than America 's blood sport .
Melatonin
some of the professors i think imitate Big Bird
it 's like but the time we went to Florida and needed to rent a car you know he believed in it
The community courthouse will be held every second Tuesday of the month at Carver at 217 Paso Hondo .
His politeness sounded strange coming from a desert nomad .
He jumped up , planting one hand on the charging horse , and came at the brute with the axe .
Tommy felt his ascendancy less sure than a moment before .
If the company makes money on the policy , other insurers are expected to follow .
So it was traumatic .
In addition , we supported the creation of a 250-page Poverty Law Manual that introduces advocates to the fundamentals of poverty law .
The pieces paying 33 .
At the end of the Wars of Spanish , Austrian , and Polish Succession , the Austrians had taken over northern Italy from the Spanish .
Do n't forget to take a change of clothing and a towel .
that would be good what 'd you say
yeah and how about how about like on the weekends do you do sports or do you go out
But the door was locked ? '' These exclamations burst from us disjointedly .
Bauerstein had been at Styles on the fatal night , and added : `` He said twice : ` That alters everything . ' And I 've been thinking .
But there 's SOMETHING .
However , if people can readily withdraw money from tax-preferred accounts for purposes other than retirement , there is no assurance that tax incentives would ultimately enhance individuals ' retirement security .
An Indian traveler described the prosperous Bujang Valley settlement as the seat of all felicities .
News berates computer users for picking obvious , easily cracked passwords and chastises system administrators for ignoring basic security precautions .
Acute Bronchitis Upper Respiratory Symptoms Lower Respiratory Symptoms Work Loss Days Minor Restricted Activity Days -LRB- minus asthma attacks -RRB-
And , although I got a Ph.D. in philosophy many years ago and have thought and read about these matters ever since , heaven -LRB- or whatever -RRB- knows I do n't have too many answers that I feel confident about .
That is well .
There were beads of perspiration on his brow .
The renowned Theban queen Nefertari , wife of Ramses II , has the most ornate tomb -LRB- number 66 -RRB- but it is not always accessible .
Possibly no other country has had such a turbulent history .
Initiatives that we suggested for the CIO Council to consider
On the second point , Judge Newton said in a recent interview , I 've heard this complaint a hundred times .
Massive tidal waves swept over Crete , and other parts of the Mediterranean , smashing buildings and drowning many thousands of people .
Once or twice , but they seem more show than battle , said Adrin .
and the other thing is the cost it 's almost prohibitive to bring it to a dealer
But although the 60 Minutes producer is played by the star -LRB- Pacino grandstands , but not to the point of distraction -RRB- , Bergman 's story does n't have the same primal force .
I am so constituted as to be unable to give away money with any satisfaction until I have made the most careful inquiry as to the worthiness of the cause .
The purpose of the Diwan-i-Khas is hotly disputed ; it is not necessarily the hall of private audience that its name implies .
and you fry them with garlic and a little bit of couple dashes of hot pepper
Energy-related activities are the primary source of U.S. man-made greenhouse gas emissions .
they 're almost five hundred a month for a one bedroom place
Opium-smoking continued openly in Hong Kong until 1946 ; in mainland China the Communist government abolished it when they came to power in 1949 .
Extremely limited exceptions to the authority are established in 31 U.S.C.
But , when I discovered that it was known all over the village that it was John who was attracted by the farmer 's pretty wife , his silence bore quite a different interpretation .
Five years ago , Speaker-elect Newt Gingrich promised to make important information available online at the same moment that it is available to the highest-paid Washington lobbyist .
I felt like a rat .
The Lake District is not the place to come if you want lots of action into the early morning hours .
NEH-supported exhibitions were distinguished by their elaborate wall panels -- educational maps , photomurals , stenciled treatises -- which competed with the objects themselves for space and attention .
Do you trust me , Uncle?Gauve hesitated .
His grandson Akbar chose Agra for his capital over Delhi .
No , monsieur .
Where lies the real Japan ?
FEC Chairman Scott Thomas , a Democrat who was also at the conference , noted that the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 outlined three principles that need to be preserved on the 1 -RRB- disclosure of how money is raised and spent to influence elections ; 2 -RRB- limits on the amount that any one person can contribute to a campaign ; and 3 -RRB- restrictions on independent spending by corporations and unions .
You have to walk through it -RRB- .
The conspiracy-minded allege that the chains also leverage their influence to persuade the big publishers to produce more blockbusters at the expense of moderate-selling books .
Our review indicates that the Food and Drug Administration complied with the applicable requirements .
So he goes out and walks in the woods , little dreaming that Mrs. Inglethorp will open his desk , and discover the incriminating document .
But I guess I can take it we were wrong , pursued Julius .
It was other-worldly .
When a GAGAS attestation engagement is the basis for an auditor 's subsequent report under the AICPA standards , it would be advantageous to users of the subsequent report for the auditor 's report to include the information on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control that is required by GAGAS but not required by AICPA standards .
Other attractions include hot springs , a market , and the forests and ski-slopes of nearby Uluda .
Do you think I should be concerned ?
yeah it is it is and i guess you do n't have to but you know if you look at oh have you ever seen any of the Jacques Teti Teti movies the French movies uh Teti it it
My own little corner of the world , policy wonking , is an example .
i am surprised though that we do have so many that are in politics down here
The center had become a hodgepodge of unconnected programs -- a day-care center , a library , a nonviolence training school .
His plan was a simple a symmetrical design with straight streets and grand squares .
and I 'm not a Negro tonight !
When I was in school I really liked Virginia Woolf , Schwartz said of her nascent literary tastes .
Clearly , people do n't know how to reach lawyers .
Just like we have hairpins and powder-puffs . '' Tommy handed over a rather shabby green notebook , and Tuppence began writing busily .
We come to a little difficulty here , since Mrs. Inglethorp never drank it . ''
The Saver-Spender Theory of Fiscal Policy , Working Paper 7571 .
right well the preseason really does n't mean anything either
Initial demand for land in the New Town was not spectacular ; in fact , incentives had to be offered to entice buyers .
The park was established in 1935 and was given Corbett 's name after India became independent .
get something from from the Guess Who or
One wag , J. , wrote in to ask , Is there a difference between pests and airlines ?
GAO 's Web site -LRB- www.gao.gov -RRB- contains abstracts and full-text files ofcurrent reports and testimony and an expanding archive of older products .
Blessed with preternatural gregariousness , good humor , and a love of attention , he 's been tireless about pursuing both celebrity and the cause of popular history ever since .
He watched San ` doro silent in his thoughts .
The draft treaty was Tommy 's bait .
Her eyes flashed continually from one window to the other .
It was always a part of me .
i do n't know she said they go crazy
um pardon me
saving that did not finance domestic investment would increase net foreign investment and improve the current account balance .
The entire city was surrounded by open countryside with a scattering of small villages .
This site provides information links , tools , and resources developed for the benefit of the audit profession , including audit programs , best practices , and research services .
The finest is the huge conical-roofed Tomb/Pillar of Absalom -LRB- King David 's son -RRB- .
It was a splendid life '' I loved it . '' There was a smile on her face , and her head was thrown back .
I 'm not interested in tactics , Al. .
Maps of hiking trails are available at the Government Publications Ceter , Low Block , Government Offices , 66 Queensway in Central .
what was the problem
i 'd say they appraised it it 's gone up you now maybe like five percent
It 's all right .
Also in Eustace Street is an information office and a cultural center for children , The Ark .
I never said you were a mandrake-man .
To see how The Bell Curve tries and fails to get around these inherent problems , see and .
hm oh is oh that 's great uh-huh do you get the full benefits
The door did not budge .
The last 12 years of his life are a blank .
Court officials include the phone numbers of the local Legal Services office and county lawyer referral system on every summons .
uh whether one might conceive no pun intended of the possibility that there might be a kind of a deliberate uh um
more than anything else in this day and age that 's got to be a big factor in your decision 's just the the cost of how much you 're gon na pay
Two bronze lions , carrying out feng shui principles , guard its doors .
Larger ski resorts are 90 minutes away .
In the 1980s , a pragmatic socialist coalition government with the Christian Democrats brought a few years of unusual stability .
it takes so much i mean it 's like of course it does i mean by the times it transforms into Wave by mark off model and you put it in there and you want to correct those and then you know you 're trying to make the the Wave smooth so you can approximately of course it 's going to take a lot
Jon was fighting at full speed , sweat forming on his brow .
it may be arrogant but i mean let them come to us
Some rooms have balconies .
This fellow is flying a hot air balloon and suddenly realizes he is lost .
For example , computers and related equipment have an estimated annual depreciation rate of 31 percent ,7 and new versions of software applications are released every few years .
It is nice to be reminded that people remember .
Adrin nodded .
oh that 's accommodating
from from personal parties or from these uh phone answering phone uh commercial things
Under the overmechanical assumptions of affirmative-action opponents themselves -LRB- and putting aside the racial IQ theories of Murray and some others -RRB- , blacks would move up the list , and whites would move down .
That word boustrophedon describes writing that goes from left to right on the first line , then right to left on the second , then left to right on the third , and so on ; it comes from a Greek word describing the turning in a field of an ox and plow .
It is worth a visit , if only to see the theater itself .
Deborah Pryce said Ohio Legal Services in Columbus will receive a $ 200,000 federal grant toward an online legal self-help center .
it it like strange that it you 're right in the middle of the mountains and it 's so brown and dry but boy you just did n't feel
2.5 Financial audits are performed under the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants ' -LRB- AICPA -RRB- generally accepted auditing standards for field work and reporting , as well as the related AICPA Statements on Auditing Standards -LRB- SASs -RRB- which interpret the standards and provide guidance on conducting such work .
Scutari is traditionally associated with the name of Florence Nightingale .
We start with the fine review of a shockingly funny comedy about eye disease .
Today it is lined with shipyards , factories , and industrial development , and its waters are badly polluted .
Ricky Martin was filming his triumphant return to the gay porn industry .
yeah well losing is i mean i 'm i 'm originally from Saint Louis and Saint Louis Cardinals when they were there were uh a mostly a losing team but
Perhaps a further password would be required , or , at any rate , some proof of identity .
You 're crazed , Beresford .
yeah i can usually i can put in oh probably mid March i can put anything in the ground you know beets and onions and stuff like that
From his second sight Jon saw San ` doro grappling with a much larger man .
Many had to leave their birthplaces , fleeing to Lesvos , Chios , and Samos , the Greek-ruled islands just offshore .
Those Creole men and women you 'll see dancing it properly have been moving their hips and knees that way since childhood .
okay i guess we 're on
On the slopes of the hill you will find Edinburgh Zoo , located just behind Corstorphine Hospital .
Some management consultants describe dysfunctional interactions with one 's fellow workers as value-subtracting behavior .
But Japan was reluctant to sue for peace because the Allies were demanding unconditional surrender with no provision for maintaining the highly symbolic role of the emperor , still considered the embodiment of Japan 's spirit and divine origins .
He had n't seen even pictures of such things since the few silent movies run in some of the little art theaters .
BUDGETARY RESOURCES - The forms of authority given to an agency allowing it to incur obligations .
But recently , the speculation has subsided .
To see the desert at its best , go out at dawn and at sunset .
Albino Alligator -LRB- Miramax -RRB- .
A museum inside the building gives intriguing insight into the life and heyday of the their rich costumes , their scimitars , and rifles inlaid with bright jewels and silver and a horrible bludgeon with a double serrated edge .
A rusty iron gate swinging dismally on its hinges !
This tourist heartland is also home to 100,000 Jamaicans who live in the hills surrounding the town .
Overlapping the others ?
GAO 's prior work on best practices covers achieving the first knowledge point .
Also , disappointing earnings reports from Intel and other blue-chip companies in the two weeks leading up to the crash caused investors to question the value of entire portfolios .
An ancient Greek trading post , the town manages to combine the atmosphere of a resort with a gutsy , bustling city life .
At the same moment I felt a terrific blow on the back of my head ... . '' She shuddered .
and we decided we 'd just go across the road to the office and see if we could rent anything
The category of qualifying teen-agers and women could include all recipients of welfare or other public assistance -LRB- including daughters of recipients -RRB- who are competent to give informed consent to the implant procedure .
right right they left a woman and a child or the cat the sheep yeah
Her state is probably to be attributed to the mental shock consequent on recovering her memory . ''
It seeks genuine direct elections after a period that is sufficient to organize alternative parties and prepare a campaign based on freedom of speech and other civil rights , the right to have free trade unions , the release of more than 200 political prisoners , debt relief , stronger penalties for corruption and pollution , no amnesty for Suharto and his fellow thieves , and a respite for the poor from the hardest edges of economic reform .
Restored in 1967 , the beautiful exterior is complemented by the fine period furniture housed inside .
Relationship Between Quality of Life Instruments , Health State Utilities , and Willingness to Pay in Patients with Asthma .
Possibly , but strychnine is a fairly rapid drug in its action .
with little back packs of their own and you know things like that
and they 're fairly close to the water are n't they i mean they 're right on the late
After the death of Columbus in 1505 , Jamaica became the property of his son Diego , who dispatched Don Juan de Esquivel to the island as Governor .
And now they here put him in a coma . '
At Kansas City Power and Light 's Hawthorn Power Station , Unit 5 was replaced -LRB- excluding turbine -RRB- in under 22 months .
Everything is a celebration .
I felt an immeasurable 230 contempt for him ... .
and then i got into it and then back out of it and it it just seems like every couple of years i get back in there
You can also view a Roman Nileometer carved in the rock which measured the height of the river and helped the ancient priests to time the announcement of the Nile flood that initiated a movement of workers from the fields to community projects such as temple building .
Mr. Clinton rewards Mr. Knight for his fund raising , Mr. Gore lays the groundwork for his anticipated presidential bid four years from now , and the companies , by hiring Mr. Knight , get the administration 's ear .
This step of the analysis employs complex computer models that simulate the transport and transformation of emitted pollutants in the atmosphere .
Figure 1 : Delivery Points to Stops
Today it is possible to walk through the old agora -LRB- marketplace -RRB- and stroll along Roman roads .
Many Lakeland hotels also quote a D , B and B -LRB- dinner , bed , and breakfast -RRB- rate , which includes the evening meal and is often quite cost-effective .
I think it behooves Slate , in its effort to take over the public-opinion industry , to make a thorough effort to uncover the truth behind this unnatural connection .
i wish it was as good over here as it is over there but if you 're the
yeah i 'm trying to find out how long we 're supposed talk
People make two justified complaints about our Slate 60 ranking of America 's largest contributors to charity .
To provide a useful perspective on how alternative levels of national saving affect future living standards , we also compared our simulation results to a historical benchmark .
No . I guess I 'm going too .
New Madeirans traded sugar , the era 's dominant luxury item , with Britain and Flanders , and they proved skillful in the art of winemaking .
In our family we have two sons in public life .
If he were someone who was an assistant , with an ailing mother to support , well , it would be impossible .
That drawer was an unlocked one , as he had pointed out , and he submitted that there was no evidence to prove that it was the prisoner who had concealed the poison there .
oh i do n't know either the other growing up all i knew was
i wonder how they kept up with them though it seemed like the buffaloes were moving so fast i guess they graze though that would n't have been a problem
No , I exclaimed , astonished .
Look , there 's a legend here .
To the south , the former fishing villages of Sorrento and Positano spill down the craggy cliffs of the serpentine Amalfi coast , justifiably tauted as one of the world 's most beautiful drives .
Are you ready to train before our ride ? Jon asked Adrin .
Hughes has accomplished this in part by the unusual technique of double ghosting .
I watched her hips shift in and out of the sides of her wrap .
yeah so it 's easy to do i 'm actually interested in getting one of those kind of my wife has been talking about this in the past couple of years one of those kind of campers that pop-up so it 's about uh maybe eight foot square and but only about two feet tall and when you get to where you 're going it raises up and there 's tenting material
yeah i it just totally ridiculous i mean the Israeli 's could have fixed the whole problem years ago if they just sent sent their guys in there and killed Saddam
Daniel sat buried by the lights , occasionally pressing things .
His heels clicked together .
Although it ceased to be a political capital in 1707 -LRB- when Scotland joined with England to create the United Kingdom -RRB- , Edinburgh was at the forefront of intellectual debate .
4 -RRB- Clinton 's job rating fell from 60 to 55 points in a Washington Post poll , apparently because pollees disapproved of his use of the White House for fund raising .
1 Now that each unit is fully staffed , the LSC Office of Program Performance and its state planning team contain over 260 years of experience in LSC-funded programs .
I was to watch for an advertisement in the Times .
This does n't look good .
As Jon looked at him , Barnam puffed out his chest .
A survey of surgeons working in an emergency department found that the most significant predictor of screening was the attending physicians ' perception that their responsibilities included screening .
This is an excerpt from the voice-over credo read in the opening credits for the new UPN series Star Pitiful Helpless Giant , starring former Secretary of State George Shultz .
Comparing our experience on the Acid Rain Program with the NOx SIP Call and the Section 126 petitions demonstrates the benefit of having certain key issues decided by Congress rather than left to Agency rulemakings .
Most of it , I could n't even begin to identify .
Ah , yes , actually , two weeks ago we had a very similar situation , the captain alertly added and quickly changed the subject , ` What 's important now is that you get ready for about 2 minutes in the state of weightlessness , and not some Slovakian satellite from two weeks ago .
This site includes a list of all award winners and a searchable database of Government Executive articles .
There should be someone here who knew more of what was going on in this world than he did now .
yeah those yeah it was all bloodless and the good guys can get hit all day long and they have to shake it off they do n't they do n't you know get epileptic fits or anything from getting hit on the head
He wanted silk and encouraged the Dutch and British as good , nonproselytizing Protestants just interested in trade .
yep and then i had probably lived the last eleven years in Massachusetts so you know what does that make me an honorary Yankee or
Kill chickens .
You are sure that you did not in any way disclose your identity ? '' Tommy shook his head .
approaches to achieving missions vary considerably between agencies .
The Weekly Standard argues that America should back Lee with words now and , if necessary , military force later , but the Washington Post reports that the U.S. envoys will pressure him to back down .
Even if the entire unified surplus were saved , GDP per capita would fall somewhat short of the U.S. historical average of doubling every 35 years .
In kampung workshops you can watch fantastic birds and butterflies being made of paper -LRB- and increasingly , nowadays , of plastic , too -RRB- drawn over strong , flexible bamboo frames .
It was a splendid life '' I loved it . '' There was a smile on her face , and her head was thrown back .
The formal splendor of the grounds testify to the 18th-century desire to tame nature , but it is done with such superlative results that one can only be thankful that the work was undertaken .
I understand , '' continued the Coroner deliberately , `` that you were sitting reading on the bench just outside the long window of the boudoir .
All of them slept in one cave on animal skins , a single large clay pot cooked all of their food .
-LRB- The Ramseys buried their daughter in Atlanta , then vacationed in Sea Island , Ga. -RRB- This absence , some speculate , gave the Ramseys time to work out a story to explain their innocence .
While it 's probably true that democracies are unlikely to go to war unless they 're attacked , sometimes they are the first to take the offensive .
Most menu prices include taxes and a service charge , but it 's customary to leave a tip if you were served satisfactorily .
Remember , there are over 844 million Indians out there , and a lot of them will be on the move at the same time as you will be , therefore competing for plane seats and hotel rooms .
More to the point , even as the major airlines have been reaping large profits over the last four years , their productivity has not risen at all , suggesting that consolidation is not improving efficiency .
He pulled his cloak tighter and wished for a moment that he had not shaved his head .
In short , this is a whole new costing area that would need to be undertaken .
Flying at a discount should be more dangerous .
Unless the report is restricted by law or regulation , auditors should ensure that copies be made available for public inspection .
She hates me . ''
For a half millennium or more , Madrid idled as a provincial backwater , rarely noticed on the arid central plains of Castile , until Felipe II plucked it from his royal cap in 1561 and proclaimed it the capital of Spain .
Each of them was as tough as a thick tree and loyal to the death .
To make matters worse , many employers looking to save money -LRB- and please their employees -RRB- will drop dependent benefits if states provide better coverage than the private plans now do .
And the trunk ? Big ? Mother asked again to keep up appearances .
To provide a common understanding of what is needed and expected in information technology security programs , NIST developed and published Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems -LRB- Special Pub 800-14 -RRB- in September 1996 .
His grandson Akbar chose Agra for his capital over Delhi .
The order was founded by James VII -LRB- James II of England -RRB- and continues today .
The story also made the front page of the New York Times and the Financial Times of London , which said that more than 10,000 members of a mystic cult called Fa Lun Gong caused acute embarrassment to security forces by virtually surrounding the compound where China 's leaders work .
they they are good
Over most of the 1980s and 1990s , the U.S. was able to invest more than it saved by attracting financing from abroad .
There was no longer any when you wanted some unbridled adult fun , Las Vegas was the place to be .
` Not part of your biography .
And if they did come , as remote as that is , you and your men look strong enough to handle anything .
These two accounts are commonly combined in discussing the Social Security program .
Britons , however , trumpet their poet laureate as worthy of the ranks of Blake , Keats , Hardy and Auden -LRB- the Times of London -RRB- .
Prototyping , for example , may act as part of the requirements definition process , helping the agency identify and control areas of high uncertainty and technical risk .
Flying at a discount should be more dangerous .
Since the system would automatically verify all receipts and acceptances prior to invoice payment authorization , there would be no need to authorize payment prior to verification of receipt .
i 've been getting a kick out of those lately
I should think some one had taken charge of it . ''
so i really i really do n't have heart burn at all with doing it myself over four nights tie i tied the car up if four days but we 're fortunate we did n't need it
I have kept you and clothed you and fed you !
Enter the realm of shopping malls , where everything you 're looking for is available without moving your car .
really oh i thought it was great yeah
He grimaced at his own doubts .
The Honorable Bill Archer , Chairman The Honorable Charles B. Rangel Ranking Minority Member Committee on Ways and Means House of Representatives
i do n't know how what it would take to be come up with a true perfect system or if one exists but
In a new retrospective , the Vienna modernist -LRB- 1890-1918 -RRB- wins critics ' grudging respect .
Two more weeks with my cute TV satellite dish have increased my appreciation of it .
Ile de R ??
Title IV of the Clean Air Act -LRB- relating to acid deposition control -RRB-
Jamaican music ska and , especially , reggae has since the 1970s been exported and enjoyed around the world .
I watched her hips shift in and out of the sides of her wrap .
Seemingly endemic corruption was compounded by a remarkable dearth of political leadership and decisive action .
Case Study Evaluations .
Most recently , GAO reviewed activities of the White House China Trade Relations Working Group , which was established at the request of President Clinton in the exercise of his Constitutional powers .
guess it did n't last too long at the box office but i thought it was pretty good
Personal Communication with P. Croteau , Babcock Borsig Power , August 2001 .
I was deeply impressed by the power and eloquence of the counsel for the defence .
or they had somebody at home that was ill that they had to tend to i mean you ca n't make it everybody
The following are examples of how teams were used in the agency initiatives we reviewed .
oh really it would n't matter if we plant them when it was starting to get warmer
I never said you were a mandrake-man .
was it bad
that 's their signal
: Adrin 's Third Lesson
This data is used to model the behavior of access costs .
The purpose of this paper is to analyze rural delivery costs and compare them with city delivery costs .
My article does not say or imply that real earnings growth only reflects retentions and that dividend growth must be zero or that all valuation techniques are out the window for firms that do n't pay dividends .
There would be little benefit to national saving from allowing early access to mandatory accounts with set contribution levels-which has been proposed for Social Security -LRB- see Q4 .
Perhaps North Africans and eastern Europeans peopled the Ligurian coast , while the Adriatic and south may have been settled by people from the Balkans and Asia Minor .
As a professional courtesy , GAO will inform requesters of substantive media inquiries during an ongoing assignment .
We need to be sure of our going . '' But Tuppence , for once , seemed tongue-tied .
, number of parks or acres of land -RRB- rather than in terms of historical cost .
In this situation , the value to the mailer of the improved service would be considered along with the cost of doing the work .
Second , Clinton has n't used the bully pulpit to speak out against drug use nearly as often as his two predecessors did .
The setting -- wherever it might be -- always seems authentic , not as if it were a Hollywood back lot .
Today it is possible to buy cheap papyrus printed with gaudy Egyptian scenes in almost every souvenir shop in the country , but some of the most authentic are sold at The Pharaonic Village in Cairo where the papyrus is grown , processed , and hand-painted on site .
Growth & amp
These provisions may have to be reexamined as well .
But they persevered , she said , firm and optimistic in their search , until they were finally allowed by a packed restaurant to eat their dinner off the floor .
When a GAGAS attestation engagement is the basis for an auditor 's subsequent report under the AICPA standards , it would be advantageous to users of the subsequent report for the auditor 's report to include the information on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control that is required by GAGAS but not required by AICPA standards .
said San ` doro .
General Accounting Office , A Model of Strategic Human Capital Management , GAO-02-373SP -LRB- Washington , D.C. : Mar. .
little too much maybe
um-hum yeah when when i mentioned i 've done this camping out of the car i 've actually done of the situation just like that but what 's interesting is it 's through Texas Instruments
More than 100 judges , lawyers and dignitaries were present for the gathering .
The Department of Labor 's interim rule is adopted pursuant to the authority contained in Section 707 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act -LRB- Pub .
Ramses II did not build it from stone but had it hewn into the cliffs of the Nile valley at a spot that stands only 7 km -LRB- 4 miles -RRB- from the Sudan border , in the ancient land of Nubia .
you know our church each year has a one of their major fund raisers is you know a garage sale and there 's a ton of clothes always you know left over and i take those down to the uh
true yeah i know it is n't that ridiculous we have cable which helps a lot
Slate could have put someone with a reasonable grasp of elementary finance and a balanced viewpoint in charge of writing a tax piece .
Broadly speaking , the CEF Moderate scenario can be thought of as a 50 % increase in funding for programs that promote a variety of both demand-side and supply-side technologies .
Weicker has yet to declare his intentions .
Emergency physician attitudes concerning intervention for alcohol abuse/dependence in the emergency department .
Their rights have been the source of conflicts in the central government .
probably yeah i would imagine the judge could throw it out
Act Accounting the Great Management Reform Act
The sooner we strike the better . '' He turned to Tuppence .
Then Shuman claims that Linux provides no graphical user interface .
Or , eligibility could be restricted to those who have already been pregnant , or at least sexually active ; to those over age 13 , or under age 21 ; or some combination thereof .
Others love to see it in the middle of the heaviest monsoon , its marble translucent , its image blurred in the rain-stippled water channels of its gardens .
they just did n't watch him on TV
medical and surgical expense coverage .
Recent SAB deliberations on mortality and morbidity valuation approaches suggest that some adjustments to unit values are appropriate to reflect economic theory -LRB- EPA-SAB-EEAC-00-013 , 2000 -RRB- .
Beside the fortress lies an 18th-century caravanserai , or inn , which has been converted into a hotel , and now hosts regular folklore evenings of Turkish dance and music .
Information Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks
This man claims that he has been robbed en route and is stranded without money or his plane ticket in an airport somewhere in Europe or the Middle East .
Alternatively , there are Sousa and Goncalves -LRB- Rua do Castanheiro , 47 -RRB- and Unibasket -LRB- Rua do Carmo , 42 ; Tel. 291/226 925 -RRB- , both in Funchal .
They greatly outnumber the 6,500-odd human inhabitants mostly white , many the descendants of Huguenots from Brittany and Normandy .
Jon saw him ride into the smoke .
Similar conclusions have been reached by state legal needs ' studies in a dozen states including Florida , Georgia , Hawaii , Illinois , Indiana , Kentucky , Maryland , Massachusetts , Missouri , Nevada , New York , and Virginia , using a variety of methodologies for estimating the unmet legal needs of the poor .
Clinton used a floor mop to clean up the dirt he had tracked onto the shiny floor of an elementary school .
and the same is true of the drug hangover you know if you
The analyses utilized different assumptions and generally resulted in smaller expenditure impact estimates than noted above .
I knew him and liked and respected him .
When people are late , it makes it hard to keep things working in a rational fashion .
He fled in his car when cops arrived and led them on a chase that ended in the massive crash .
Just like we have hairpins and powder-puffs . '' Tommy handed over a rather shabby green notebook , and Tuppence began writing busily .
-LRB- And yes , he has said a few things that can , with some effort , be construed as support for supply-side economics . -RRB-
Intifada to the Present
We make simulacra out of mandrakes -- like the manicurist in the barber shop .
yeah yeah yeah well because that 's the way they they might seem outwardly but boy there 's a lots going on in there
Maybe in that sense , the behavior of the Pippens and Iversons of the world is defensible .
Nearby is the Monastery of Nea Moni , founded in 1049 , and one of the most beautiful Byzantine religious sites in the Aegean .
i 'm kind of familiar with the weather out that way in west Texas but not in not in Lewisville
As long as Assad lives , he can manage these troubles and keep an agreement with Israel .
67 through .67 d , provide a mechanism for limiting the issues on which a trial-type hearing is required ; allow the Postal Service to explain the unavailability of data that would otherwise have to be filed ; and provide for data collection for the duration of the experiment .
The great attraction of the church is the splendid exterior , which is crowned by golden onion-shaped cupolas .
The next morning they ate dry bread , two strips of lean meat , and two eggs fried in animal fat on a skillet of black scorched iron .
6See also Internal Control Management and Evaluation Tool -LRB- GAO-01-1008G , August 2001 -RRB- .
An important early material , obsidian , was discovered on the island of Milos .
Puppet Shows .
oh really yeah so he he 's uh he 's probably going to be going to jail and and the problem with him is he 's on a guaranteed salary like for three years so whether he plays or not they 've got to pay him ten million dollars so if they
Porches and stoops , those symbols of a vibrant social life , stopped being used as gathering places for a rather practical reason -- air conditioning .
Even us if you needed , '' said Jon .
oh i did and i laughed real hard when i took it in for the two thousand mile checkup and uh
Revenue is recognized from forfeited property unless the property is distributed to state or local law enforcement agencies or foreign
sort of a building season season yeah
oh like if they say i i we just type it in like that
Look here , I said , `` I may be altogether wrong .
To some critics , the mystery is n't , as Harris suggests , how women throughout history have exploited their sexual power over men , but how pimps like him have come away with the profit .
well wonderful that 'll be a musician
The leaves of the papyrus were dried and used by Ancient Egyptians as a form of paper .
yeah yeah i i went i went off to school wanting to either be a high school algebra teacher or high school French teacher because my two favorite people in the in high school were my algebra teacher and French teacher and uh and i was going to do that until the end of our sophomore year when we wanted uh we came time to sign up for majors and i had taken chemistry for the first time that year and surprised myself i did well in it
1 -RRB- FBI intelligence files indicate that Democratic fund-raiser Maria Hsia has been a Chinese agent .
On the slopes of the hill you will find Edinburgh Zoo , located just behind Corstorphine Hospital .
that 's hilarious to to get that jack off that 's right oh that 's a funny story
British action would n't have mattered .
I am due to speak at a meeting at two o'clock .
Some 72,000 volcano-zone residents were evacuated at great cost to the French government .
yeah i mean just when uh the they military paid for her education
it 's just it 's the morals of the people which i mean i guess we everybody 's responsible for the society but if i had a child that that did things so bad it 's not they do n't care about anybody these people they 're stealing from they 're just the big bad rich guy
well the parts to to me i spent twenty two dollars on the parts
She was alone at last with the president !
His plan was a simple a symmetrical design with straight streets and grand squares .
The chain wielder smiled at her .
Such parties may include
Component modularization and prefabrication off-site can reduce the amount of time cranes are needed on a site , as well as provide opportunities to reduce project schedules and construction costs and to concentrate jobs locally at the prefabrication facility .
It has long been influenced by their differing traits , and has assimilated their various customs and practices .
Clean shaven , I think and dark . ''
Gary Oldman turns himself into some sort of gigantic hominid-bat creature and flaps about in Dracula . The Vampire Master in John Carpenter 's Vampires can fly down the road fast enough to catch a speeding car and can stick to the ceiling of a motel room .
That is exactly what our head coupon issuer Alan Greenspan did in 1987 -- and what I believe he would do again .
There are factory showrooms in the Pedder Building , 12 Pedder Street , in Central .
But those that are manufactured for sale in in Europe and so forth are quite the other way around
did you well it 's not just that are there enough jobs for people here now
To places where surface transportation is not available , senders would be required to pay air rates , and possibly air rates keyed to the characteristics of the Alaskan air system .
Emeralds ?
She shrugged .
The celebrity-obsessed magazine surpasses itself in the post-Oscar issue .
California is high
Because of limited resources , local legal services programs are forced to turn away tens of thousands of people with critical legal problems .
The case law is a whole body unto itself .
uh it 's in Georgia it 's yeah it 's right outside of Macon and and it 's just a i like the way that i like the way that idea of the south is
That drawer was an unlocked one , as he had pointed out , and he submitted that there was no evidence to prove that it was the prisoner who had concealed the poison there .
My body is to me like a crippled rabbit that I do n't want to pet , that I forget to feed on time , that I have n't time to play with and get to know , a useless rabbit kept in a cage that it would be cruel to turn loose .
A button on the Chatterbox page will make this easy , so please do join in .
oh for heaven sakes for the drugs yeah uh-huh
The political cleansing that did not happen through the impeachment process leaves Clinton with a great and serious burden .
We start with the fine review of a shockingly funny comedy about eye disease .
The purpose of the Self-Inspection process was to provide programs a means to verify , by reviewing a sample of cases , that their 1999 CSR data satisfies LSC 's standards for accuracy .
and uh really they 're about it they 've got a guy named Herb Williams that that i guess sort of was supposed to take the place of uh Tarpley but he uh he just does n't have the offensive skills
finding the latest thing out from my friends is usually the most uh time effective
They were so sure of themselves that they took it for granted he had made a mistake . ''
Lydians and Persians
The seven grants flow from a new Nonprofit Capacity Building program at the foundation , part of a trend among philanthropists to give money to help organizations grow stronger , rather than to the program services they provide .
The sunlight , piercing through the branches , turned the auburn of her hair to quivering gold .
He reported masterfully on the '72 campaign and the Hell 's Angels .
Too bad it chose to use McIntyre instead .
In the original , Reich is set up by his host and then ambushed by a hostile questioner named John , and when he tries to answer with an eloquent Mr. Smith speech -LRB- My fist is clenched .
Four infinite minutes went by .
My brain refusing to command properly .
In his effort to build nationalism across Turkey in the 1920s , Ataterk instituted a campaign to suppress Kurdish identity that continues today .
Last year , that campaign - primarily among private attorneys - drew less than $ 40,000 while the Nashville legal aid fund-raising garnered more than $ 500,000 .
Guards would regulate those who entered and departed .
Analytical Perspectives .
In a moment or two he was back .
Information Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks
The fine weave and pattern are typical of a Scottish weaver 's attention to detail .
The 37 hectares -LRB- 91 acres -RRB- of garden are set on lands above the Wag Wag River , which twists through a steep and narrow valley .
because we do n't always read the newspaper sometimes it just sits around for a while and then we just chuck it
Classic Castilian restaurant .
COST ASSIGNMENT - A process that identifies costs with activities , outputs , or other cost objects .
It is n't , of course .
and take it easy now good night
Czarek had to fight for attention :
Though prehistoric remains from the Paleolithic , Neolithic , and Bronze Ages have been unearthed in the Manzanares Valley , prior to Madrid 's sudden elevation to capital city in 1561 its history was rather undistinguished .
She would be almost certainly sent to you under an assumed one .
Every fresh circumstance seems to establish it more clearly . ''
If they have overestimated how far the CPI is off , Boskin and his commission may institutionalize an underestimated CPI -- guaranteeing a yearly , stealth tax increase .
Thus , the net scale benefit is initially positive , whether or not we adjust for the wage premium .
now that 's an interesting point yeah i mean once the expectations are
i think yeah and it 's a just a nice escape and you know it 's something to laugh at and enjoy
They crossed the Forth from Dunfermline at the narrows known to this day as Queensferry .
Total volume grew 13 .
According to a 1995 Financial Executives Research Foundation report ,5 transaction processing and other routine accounting activities , such as accounts payable , payroll , and external reporting , consume about 69 percent of costs within finance .
From Port-Louis all the way down Grande Terre 's west coast to Pointe Pitre there extend vast mangrove swamps .
And , although I got a Ph.D. in philosophy many years ago and have thought and read about these matters ever since , heaven -LRB- or whatever -RRB- knows I do n't have too many answers that I feel confident about .
He found himself thinking in circles of worry and pulled himself back to his problem .
Practice 16 : Be Alert to New Monitoring Tools and Techniques
With dark eyes and eyelashes she would have been a beauty .
The thing started to grow brighter .
Together they had a force of 130 attorneys and the responsibility to serve the civil legal needs of about 550,000 poor and vulnerable people throughout the state .
Peel Edgerton .
uh was n't that Jane Eyre no he wrote Jane Eyre too
However , the WRAP States may unanimously petition the Administrator to determine that the total emissions of affected EGUs are reasonably projected to exceed 271,000 tons in 2018 or a later year and to make affected EGUs subject to the requirements of the new WRAP trading program .
apparently apparently the appraisers likes it because our taxes sure is high is n't it it really is
they take the football serious
um well i hate to yes i do
Trying Your Luck
For more than a year , Clinton 's surrogates have been calling Starr an out-of-control prosecutor .
yeah it is it is and i guess you do n't have to but you know if you look at oh have you ever seen any of the Jacques Teti Teti movies the French movies uh Teti it it
um-hum yeah i saw that for the first time yesterday in the evening
In the moment of victory , Tuppence betrayed a somewhat unsportsmanlike triumph .
exercise is not supposed to do that to you
Similar conclusions have been reached by state legal needs ' studies in a dozen states including Florida , Georgia , Hawaii , Illinois , Indiana , Kentucky , Maryland , Massachusetts , Missouri , Nevada , New York , and Virginia , using a variety of methodologies for estimating the unmet legal needs of the poor .
yeah that 's true the traffic um yeah yeah
Long famous as the home of artists and bohemians , who call it La Butte -LRB- The Mound -RRB- , Montmartre is an essential piece of Paris mythology .
Economic growth also depends on education to enhance the knowledge and skills of the nation 's work
The town is also known for its sparkling wine and for the caves where about 70 per?cent of France 's cultivated mushrooms are grown .
Abortive countrywide revolts
Although the accounting and reporting model needs to be updated , in my view , the current attest and assurance model is also out of date .
At the pictures the crooks always have a restoorant in the Underworld .
We 'll be the first to admit we make mistakes , but most of those are bureaucratic .
we were talking . Try to behave
As of last week he charges $ 50 an hour minimum instead of $ 25 for the services of his yearling Northern Utah Legal Aid Foundation .
2 -RRB- This particular instance of it stinks .
Yes , sir .
STANDARD COSTING - A costing method that attaches costs to cost objects based on reasonable estimates or cost studies and by means of budgeted rates rather than according to actual costs incurred .
For this report , we provide an overview of the major theories about why people save and describe various factors associated with the decline in personal saving .
She kept her most important papers in a purple despatch-case , which we must look through carefully . ''
A survey of surgeons working in an emergency department found that the most significant predictor of screening was the attending physicians ' perception that their responsibilities included screening .
China could never trump the warhead blizzard Washington would send in retaliation against any atomic attack , though the country would be loath to cede to U.S. missile defenses the deterrence afforded by its handfuls of warheads .
This testing of the marketplace may range from written or telephone contacts with knowledgeable federal and non-federal experts regarding similar or duplicate requirements and the results of any market test recently undertaken , to the more formal sources-sought announcements in pertinent publications -LRB- e.g.
Saint-Paul-de-Vence
California is high
Additional information is provided to help managers incorporate the standards into their daily operations .
um yeah we 've tried to do that we 've paid ours off you know all the way down to where we had everything down to zero and especially right before i i quit work two years ago to stay home with the kids
i think that the people that are um have um a lower income which you automatically equate with lower education
The woman rolled and drew two spears before the horse had rolled and broken the rest .
An overall increase in prices is only possible when there has been an overall increase in the amount of money in circulation .
upwards of a mile but Washington is one of my favorite places to visit uh my daughter lives in Arlington and when i go to visit her i love to get out on that bike trail and either ride the bike oh gosh you can ride a bike practically all the way to southern Virginia
The Irish Architectural Archive , a library of architectural materials , is at number 73 on the south side of the square .
um we tried that but we really were n't happy with it so he does that all himself now
The story also made the front page of the New York Times and the Financial Times of London , which said that more than 10,000 members of a mystic cult called Fa Lun Gong caused acute embarrassment to security forces by virtually surrounding the compound where China 's leaders work .
Standard print film is available in many shops in the major towns , but serious shutterbugs will want to seek out one of the following photography stores for a full range of specialist film and Abbey Photographic , 25 , Stramongate , Kendal LA9 4BH ; Tel. -LRB- 01539 -RRB- 720-085 , or The Photo Shop , North Road , Ambleside , Cumbria LA22 9 DT ; Tel. -LRB- 015394 -RRB- 34375 .
Did the ancestors of the Indians really come from Asia over the Aleutian land bridge ?
The Illinois Equal Justice Foundation has recently made its first grants from money appropriated by the Illinois General Assembly .
Then he shrugged .
I must n't keep you .
Meanwhile , critics on the left argue that because the United States failed to intervene in Rwanda , its intervention in Kosovo is morally suspect and probably racist .
The road along the coastline to the south travels through busy agricultural towns and fishing villages untouched by tourism .
Legal Services Corp. , 02-CV-3866 , names as defendants the national Legal Services Corp. , which distributes federal grants to providers , and Legal Services of New Jersey , which distributes state money .
The last 12 years of his life are a blank .
no chemicals and plus then you can use it as a fertilizer and not have to worry about spreading those chemicals like on your lawn or your bushes or whatever
It means that they gather and interpret their material fairly and argue about its interpretations rationally .
The agencies requesting guidance on internal controls when implementing fast pay have also designed procedures to verify receipt and acceptance of goods ordered on an afterthefact sampling basis rather than on the basis of a 100percent postpayment verification as is traditionally done .
That would be a tenfold increase in the Internet 's share .
Yes , Elizabeth Taylor , Norman Mailer , Warren Beatty , David Rockefeller , and Mick Jagger will go to a nightclub , but only if they are reasonably certain that Diana Ross , William F. Buckley Jr. , Salvador Dali , Betty Ford , Frank Sinatra , Mikhail Baryshnikov , and the king of Cyprus will show up too -- and vice versa .
Are you sure ?
As shown in Exhibits A-1 and A-2 in Appendix A , in the first phase of technology implementation , an engineering review and assessment of the combustion unit is conducted to determine the preferred compliance alternative .
But the third try worked better .
Two , most other productive operations are easier to study and understand , since few firms have 40,000 locations and a large proportion of their workforce working outdoors .
right and that was back in nineteen fifty nine
The results of the sheepshead minnow , Cyprinodon variegatus , inland silverside , Menidia beryllina , or mysid , Mysidopsis bahia , tests are acceptable if survival in the controls is 80 percent or greater .
It spoke of thousands of years , even before the times of the old empire .
He seemed to have aged a thousand years .
Do n't you know ?
Instead , the task of defending Bradley fell to Erving , who shrugged that it 's probably a debatable issue , but knowing Sen.
We next present the test of our hypothesis by comparing the predicted percentages for each of the seven posts with the actual percentages .
Good sir , Jon began .
The last stages of uploading are like a mental dry-heave .
Finally , the Administration strongly opposes including reductions for CO2 in S. 556 or any multi-pollutant bill .
there and they uh they in fact they had this was in uh the late twenties and they in fact used some of the equipment that had been left over and uh he turned them down it it 's interesting that that most people do n't realize how small the canal is have you ever been there
The Ovitz deal , however , contained none of these goodies .
The third row of Exhibit 17 shows the Krewski , et al. .
In America , his colleagues are mostly defeated -LRB- Miss Mudd , his predecessor on his first job , has retired early in disgust -RRB- when they are n't sadistic .
yeah i know because uh all i know is that when i came here in eighty seven they still had uh it was the last year to to put all your punch cards in
Yes , sir .
China 's civil war sent distressing echoes to Hong Kong .
However unsatisfactory and over-argued the revisionist case , it did make one serious that the United States had clear national and economic interests and found the Cold War an unusually congenial way to pursue them .
A lot of people are going to look at it and say , ` Well , I took the exam the way it is and that 's what I had to do it , ' said Mr. Curnin .
Standard screens may not perform as well in these patient subgroups that may represent a considerable part of the ED population .
Where would he be today without American commercial know-how ?
we were talking . Try to behave
The track continues past the necropolis to an impressive amphitheatre , very probably carved by Nabateans , but influenced by the Romans .
Part of the reason for the difference in pieces per possible delivery may be due to the fact that five percent of possible residential deliveries are businesses , and it is thought , but not known , that a lesser percentage of possible deliveries on rural routes are businesses .
The most comfortable way to see these important Hoysala temples is to visit them on either side of an overnight stay at Hassan , 120 km -LRB- 75 miles -RRB- northwest of Mysore .
Folklore of Ibiza
They are n't breaking any promises if they decide to take their ball and go home .
Now open political debate flourished , especially in Calcutta where Karl Marx was much appreciated .
i voted in the last national one yeah i 'm not sure if i got the last local one
hi Cynthia what did you wear to work today
Following publication of the proposed rule -LRB- 58 Fed .
At the end of the Wars of Spanish , Austrian , and Polish Succession , the Austrians had taken over northern Italy from the Spanish .
From here it 's all through the charming hillside village of Saint-Claude , with its upper-income homes , and on toward the summit or as far as the gendarmes are allowing traffic to proceed that day .
-LRB- sums up the millennium coverage from around the globe , and examines whether the Y2K preparations were a waste . -RRB-
Bolts of blue and tips of steal .
Answer ? said Julius .
would you barbecue a turkey or a chicken or
from generation to generation -LRB- Michiko Kakutani , the New York Times -RRB- . A few , like Pearl K. Bell in the Wall Street Journal , find a surfeit of sweetly obedient docility in the novel and say parts are perilously at the edge of sentimentality .
Or else it was administered in the brandy you gave her .
You will find a number of Mary 's personal effects on display .
In 1998 , Cesar Chavez fasted for 36 days in California to underscore the dangers of pesticides to farm workers and their children .
In addition , we supported the creation of a 250-page Poverty Law Manual that introduces advocates to the fundamentals of poverty law .
Paris and its immediate surroundings are a magnet for tourists , students , businessmen , artists , inventors ' in short , everyone except perhaps the farmer and fisherman , who may well come to the city to protest government policies .
you know it 's easy to say well yeah let 's let 's put these old folks in a home but when i think i do n't want to do that you know i do n't want to be have my little home i always threaten my daughters i say well
In manual systems , attestations , verifications , and approvals are usually shown by a signature or initial of an individual on a hard copy document .
you know it 's easy to say well yeah let 's let 's put these old folks in a home but when i think i do n't want to do that you know i do n't want to be have my little home i always threaten my daughters i say well
from generation to generation -LRB- Michiko Kakutani , the New York Times -RRB- . A few , like Pearl K. Bell in the Wall Street Journal , find a surfeit of sweetly obedient docility in the novel and say parts are perilously at the edge of sentimentality .
Cornwall Beach , another private beach with perfect sand and sheltered waters , can be found behind the Jamaica Tourist Office building , a short distance east along Gloucester Avenue .
They returned to live in the Galilee village of Nazareth , making pilgrimages to Jerusalem .
Recommendations
The cover story details the disturbing behavior of the Littleton killers before last week 's massacre .
The tabs are getting fed up with women who have become rich and famous by telling everyone else how to be better .
Indiana Legal Services -LRB- ILS -RRB- Executive Director Norman Metzger and Colleen Cotter , Director of the ILS Indiana Justice Center , were marvelous hosts .
`` You 're not going to marry him , do you hear ? '' he said dictatorially .
We should seek to achieve the most good or benefit , with the least harm and destruction of things that we value , he argued .
well his knees were bothering him yeah
Exhibitions are often held in the splendid entrance hall .
Life , unlike Reich 's book , is not a series of morality fables .
Sculpture and stone carving are perfectly modified to the harmonies of the design ; the four columns at the corners are hollow to carry water off the roof , and the urns on roof are disguised chimneys .
Their rulers introduced Buddhist and Hindu culture , Brahmin ministers to govern , and an elaborate court ritual .
` It 's that kind of world . '
Brit Now that would be a good debate !
No one would ever think of sentiment in connection with you .
Upriver , east of Blois , in a huge densely wooded park surrounded by 31 km -LRB- 20 miles -RRB- of high walls , the brilliant white Ceteau de Cham??bord is the most extravagant of all the royal residences in the Loire Valley .
And if , as ultimately happened , no settlement resulted , we could shrug our shoulders , say , ` Hey , we tried , ' and act like unsuccessful brokers to an honorable peace .
Eve 's Apple turns out to be a sturdier book than it seems .
I did n't get it at the time . '' The thought saddened him a little , for it seemed to prove that Mrs. Vandemeyer and the girl were on intimate terms .
You 'll even be able to consult a traditional herbalist to cure your ailments .
The Edinburgh International Festival -LRB- held annually since 1947 -RRB- is acknowledged as one of the world 's most important arts festivals .
Placido Domingo 's appearance on the package , compellingly photographed in costume as the ancient King of Crete , -LRB- Anthony Tommasini , the New York Times -RRB- is the main selling point for this new recording of one of Mozart 's more obscure operas -- a fact that does not make critics happy .
And it needs work too , you know , in case I have to jump out with this parachute from my lil ' blue sports plane for real . '
Indeed , said San ` doro .
Mallorca prospered .
Among runners-up is Boston solo Eleanor Newhoff .
oh i did and i laughed real hard when i took it in for the two thousand mile checkup and uh
because then they 'll or you have a prescription
On a December day in 1917 , British General Allenby rode up to Jaffa Gate and dismounted from his horse because he would not ride where Jesus walked ; he then accepted the surrender of the city after the Ottoman Turks had fled -LRB- the flag of surrender was a bed-sheet from the American Colony Hotel -RRB- .
Improvements in architecture , regaining intimate space and scale and all the rest , wo n't disguise the ugliness of advertising the local bank , Chevy dealer , and chain retailer as a backdrop for baseball .
It 's mighty lucky you did say it .
A spark of annoyance lit Lincoln 's eyes ; the smallest hint of Natalia 's Russian fire .
that 's true i did n't think about that
His mother died when he was young , and he was adopted by the Brodkeys .
On Samothrakia you can climb to the summit of Mount Fengari , where the God Poseidon watched the Trojan War reach its tragic climax .
yeah TI people yeah and so i just figured no it 's just this area you know
Down the street from the statue is the Bank of Ireland , built in 1729 to house the Irish parliament .
Las Vegas now seems poised to accept the multiple layers of its existence as a tourist city .
Rightly or wrongly , America is seen as globalization 's prime mover and head cheerleader and will be blamed for its excesses until we start paying official attention to them .
Madrid is the perfect base for explorations into the heart and soul of Spain , with a wealth of fascinating day trips and a trio of UNESCO-honored cities just an hour or so from the city .
We briefly discussed the Nazi angle
Instead , we could recommend that , compared with other settings , the prevalence of alcohol problems among ED patients makes it worthy of careful consideration .
The girls who wish to wear the scarf in Turkey say it represents Muslim female empowerment , and they consider themselves oppressed if it 's forbidden .
As he stepped across the threshold , Tommy brought the picture down with terrific force on his head .
It can be done , he said at last .
okay i 'll keep that in mind yeah you serve that yourself or the for a family
oh you went to the dollar movie yeah yeah they show up at the dollar movie right after they get come out you know they 're usually not not that great or did n't do that great anyway let me see let me see another movie i watched uh i want to see is uh that new one uh
With dark eyes and eyelashes she would have been a beauty .
The chain swung again , hitting her arm and sending the palm knife into the crowd .
One large multinational corporation uses atechnical facilitators - to support its initiatives .
Helms , who will be 81 when his fifth term ends , is increasingly frail .
: Adrin 's Third Lesson
okay and and i think we just hang up i do n't think we have to do anything else
Huntington -- like Buchanan -- claims not to be a cultural He is defending the integrity of all cultures , theirs and ours .
Long Bay is seven miles of sublime fine sand , gentle azure water , and cooling palm trees .
The NYT , in its front-page coverage , says the plane was flying far lower than the rules for training missions allow .
' I saw him get aboard myself .
There are other reasons that wrecks cause fan excitement -- e.g.
It must also report the information to the employee 's home agency promptly to facilitate disbursement of pay by the home agency .
Recently , however , I have settled down and become decidedly less experimental .
Many restaurants and cafes welcome children .
Waldemar Szary , a food technician at the OSM ` Paziocha ' , was having a very bad day - the kind of a very bad day , which normally comes after one of those very good days .
He wore a simple leather breastplate with a single red glyph over the chest .
The man who had once come up with a has-been corner skit , in which , as Zmuda recalls , forgotten performers would be sent out to flounder in front of an audience ...
Everybody has this quote from NBA commissioner David You can not strike your boss and still hold your job -- unless you play in the NBA .
Watergate remains for many an unhealed wound , and Clinton 's critics delight in needling him with Watergate comparisons -- whether to Whitewater or Flytrap .
Or just a philosophy of any weapon to hand ?
oh yeah all all mine are uh purebreds so i keep them in
-LRB- A bigger contribution may or may not mean , I really , really support Candidate X. -RRB- Freedom of association is an even bigger stretch -- one that Justice Thomas would laugh out of court if some liberal proposed it .
Silverwork and Pewter
` Not part of your biography .
Look , it 's your skin , but you 're going to be in trouble if you do n't get busy .
yeah that 's the World League
Is there adequate information for judging generalizability ?
ran toward us rather slowly , like people finishing their run .
Table 4.1 : Selected Federal Income Tax Provisions That Influence Personal Saving
and they 're more independent and there 's things to do then it 's good for them to go to different i mean it he goes to a a mother 's day out program now once a week both of my kids do
A clean , wholesome-looking woman opened it .
In research designs based on statistical inference , the criterion for establishing casuality is whether the findings are likely to have occurred by chance following appropriate comparisons to eliminate alternative interpretations .
A conventional siege was useless against such a seemingly impregnable rock , however , and with so much food and water the Zealots could not be starved into submission .
You will find two principal fino and olorose
i 've been getting a kick out of those lately
They said that the current system reflects that diversity , with agencies developing new participation processes and information management systems as needed for their individual programs and communities .
The book is a parody of Bartlett 's , serving up quotes from Lincoln , Jefferson , and Roger Rosenblatt with equal pomposity .
The idea that Clinton 's approval represents something new and immoral in the country is historically shortsighted .
On the left of the entrance ramp is the open space once occupied by the Temple of Athena , close to which are the remains of the Pergamene library .
i do n't know no i do n't
And , could it not result in a decline in Postal Service volumes across -- the -- board ?
so you know it 's something we we have tried to help but yeah
uh-huh oh yeah all the people for right uh life or something
but uh TV is something that we try to not um deliberately try not to get hung up on it like you say
What idiots girls are !
yeah well the uh NC double A tournament 's going on right now and uh i have n't watched it this year because Louisville 's out of it this year
The central porch is still intact , depicting Jesus 's entry into Jerusalem , the Crucifixion , and other scenes from the Bible .
It 's just the beginning ! ''
Expectations that the ANC would oversee land reform -- returning land seized during apartheid 's forced migrations -- and wealth redistribution have not been met .
To assist programs with implementing these web sites , the Northwest Justice Project and ProBonoNet in New York are hiring two full-time circuit riders to assist grantees with content management and to ensure that each web site supports the entire state justice community .
-LSB- W -RSB- omen mocking men by calling into question their masculinity is also classified as sexual harassment , the paper added .
yeah pay fifteen yeah yes i know yeah and when you pay fifteen dollars a month it sure takes a long time
You 've got the keys still , have n't you , Poirot ? I asked , as we reached the door of the locked room .
Jon shifted and the sword tip slid past .
Buffet and a la carte available .
to do it before you know before it gets hot and one time last year i remember we were planning on doing that and it was eighty degrees even then
he 's a college graduate type guy he 's been in all he 's an entrepreneur and he gives very practical financial advice about cars very you know not not nothing college level basic stuff his name is Bruce Williams he 's on national radio uh i do n't know what it would be down there you might want to whatever your radio talk shows are down there he 's on that channel it 's uh it 's five seventy up here
Conspiracy theorists MasterCard is investing in a chip that can store electronic cash , your medical history , and keys to your home and office .
I should put it this way .
Opium-smoking continued openly in Hong Kong until 1946 ; in mainland China the Communist government abolished it when they came to power in 1949 .
Joseph Lister pioneered the use of carbolic acid to keep wounds clean , and James Young Simpson experimented with chloroform as an anesthetic .
Station Jesus meets his mother .
yeah that 's that 's a big step yeah
Moreover , Las Vegas has recently started to show signs of maturity in its cultural status as well .
Per week ?
We look forward to receiving comments from the readers of this paper .
We were playing all sorts of sports , and you were not , so shut up and stop twitching , ' the microbe 's tone of voice changed , it was lower and more resounding .
The cover story details the disturbing behavior of the Littleton killers before last week 's massacre .
The Commission published a summary of its Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis in the Federal Register on September 12 , 1996 -LRB- 61 Fed .
Ca ` daan closed the door behind them and retied the not .
I was to watch for an advertisement in the Times .
so they do n't deal much in cash anymore either
He sat up , trying to free himself .
In the north , the snowcapped Alps and jagged pink pinnacles of the Dolomites ; the gleaming Alpine-backed lakes of Como , Garda , and Maggiore ; the fertile and industrial plain of the Po , stretching from Turin and Milan across to ancient Verona ; the Palladian-villa studded hills of Vicenza ; and the romantic canals of Venice .
huh no i have n't attempted that i 'm satisfied with what we have right now and we do have a gas credit card and we use that
Some predict the jokes will wear thin soon , while others call it definitively depraved -LRB- Tom Shales , the Washington Post -RRB- . -LRB- Download a clip from South Park here . -RRB-
The Wither 's eldest boy , one of the four of the town militia , saluted in the old style with his stick sword .
yeah that 's up here in New England that 's we call that backpacking which is the same thing which is you 're you 've got everything on your back you know an aluminum camp frame uh
Views from Implementation Research in Education .
I jumped , coat tails flapping .
A funny place for a piece of brown paper , I mused .
It is not a surprise , either , that Al Pacino chews the scenery in Devil 's Advocate . And the idea that if the devil showed up on Earth he 'd be running a New York corporate-law firm is also , to say the least , pre-chewed .
There 's one thing , he thought to himself , `` they ca n't go on shooting .
His plan was to drive straight up to the house .
we 're thinking about putting one of those in
No , monsieur .
we would n't be expected to cast a ballet on the subject
Relationship Between Quality of Life Instruments , Health State Utilities , and Willingness to Pay in Patients with Asthma .
Slate continues to be available on MSN and directly on the Web at slate.com .
This call to play fortuneteller is not easily refused .
Montmartre is lively at night , with famous clubs such as Au Lapin Agile .
The average MLS ticket costs a mere $ 13 , one-third the price of an NHL or NBA ticket .
It also describes the results of the scenario analysis , both in terms of the various marginal costs associated with emission control strategies and the economy-wide impact of each scenario .
Under the leadership of Henry the Navigator , caravels set out from the westernmost point of the Algarve , in southern Portugal , in search of foreign lands , fame , and wealth .
In 1995 and again in 1998 , the Legal Services Corporation recognized that legal services programs were going to have to change the method and manner in which they conducted their business if they were going to remain viable and responsive to the needs of low income persons .
When he 's ready for a major strike , how many innocents do you suppose are going to suffer ? To quote one of your contemporaries ; ` The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few . ' '
There is simply no historical precedent for a large empire calling it quits because it could not compete economically or technologically .
Take a picnic and enjoy an alfresco lunch at this spectacular spot .
H-2A aliens , as the only category of eligible aliens who reside in the United States temporarily , are particularly affected by the issue before the Commission because of their necessarily short periods of time in the United States .
There are many such at the present time .
The important thing is to realize that it 's way past time to move it .
million in savings this year .
There are a number of these on Chatham Road South and around Cameron Street in Tsim Sha Tsui .
or yeah exactly and that 's what i say you 'll you 'll be you 'll be so much better off for it as you get older because you know a lot of kids resent things that parents tell them and and stuff but it 's because you 've been there
He 's too cautious .
But by one measure , it seems to have been static .
I 'm sure I wo n't get stuck to it , ' Julia remarked about the suitcase she was carrying .
Take a picnic and enjoy an alfresco lunch at this spectacular spot .
He appropriated for the State much of the personal fortunes of the princes , but found it harder to curtail the power of land-owners who had extensive contacts with the more conservative elements in his Congress Party .
Life , unlike Reich 's book , is not a series of morality fables .
I guess history repeats itself , Jane .
yeah well the jury that originally sentenced him sentenced him to death
As Jon looked at him , Barnam puffed out his chest .
The Kal nodded .
Where is art ?
The governing statute provides that a committee consisting of the Comptroller General , the Speaker of the House and President Pro Tempore of the Senate , the Majority and Minority leaders , and the Chairmen and Ranking Minority Members of the Senate Governmental Affairs and House Government Reform Committees recommend an individual to the President for appointment .
Eh ! Monsieur Lawrence , called Poirot .
He was born Siddhartha Gautama in a grove of sal trees at Lumbini -LRB- just across the Nepalese border -RRB- around the year 566 b.c.
As a basic guide , the symbols below have been used to indicate high-season rates in Hong Kong dollars , based on double occupancy , with bath or shower .
Lewis brought to the campaign the same intensity he had trained upon redneck troopers and sheriffs .
Kill chickens .
IDAs are special in that low-income savers receive matching funds from federal and state governments as well as private sector organizations as an incentive to save .
` The autopilot 's damaged - will the train still slow down ? '
It is , as you see , highly magnified .
The long-sought , the mysterious , the elusive Jane Finn !
In 1998 , Cesar Chavez fasted for 36 days in California to underscore the dangers of pesticides to farm workers and their children .
Postal Service could increase those same rates by at least 13 .
In DOD 's current acquisition environment , the customer is willing to trade time and money for the highest performing weapon system possible .
The Garden Island is lush with botanical estates and Waimea Canyon , the grand Canyon of the Pacific .
One of the city 's attractions is the shopping center around the Place Darcy and Rue de la Libert ?? , where you can hunt for such regional delicacies as the famous mustards ; pain d' ?? pices -LRB- gingerbread -RRB- ; and cassis , the blackcurrant liqueur that turns an ordinary white wine into a deliciously refreshing kir .
8 . Jury Nullification .
But you will find it all right . ''
The loss of technical competence through downsizing was sufficiently pervasive that FFC , in conjunction with TBR and the NAVFAC , conducted the Government/Industry Forum on Capital Facilities and Core Competencies in March 1998 .
Ocho Rios is Spanish for eight rivers , but this name is not descriptive of the area .
Ca ` daan heard the Kal grunt and felt the horse lift .
Yet , despite the stock market boom of the 1990s , many households have accumulated little , if any , wealth -LRB- see figure 1.3 -RRB- , and half of American households did not own stocks as of 1998 .
they really do i i sometimes think that that should be limited more
yeah because those things i think would just snap you know
Even if the entire unified surplus were saved , GDP per capita would fall somewhat short of the U.S. historical average of doubling every 35 years .
The Ovitz deal , however , contained none of these goodies .
Sultan Abdul Hamid II -LRB- 1876 1909 -RRB- tried to apply absolute rule to an empire staggering under a crushing foreign debt , with a fragmented population of hostile people , and succeeded only in creating ill will and dissatisfaction amongst the younger generation of educated Turks .
Load time is divided into elemental and coverage related load time .
There is .
Routine screening and intervention will require engendering a sense of role responsibility among emergency department clinicians towards addressing substance abuse .
Once or twice , but they seem more show than battle , said Adrin .
The Ovitz deal , however , contained none of these goodies .
and i 'm pretty happy with it so far
There always will be a need for an attorney to do general law .
Possible Clinton had sex with her , but it was n't rape .
13-year-olds .
Concurrent with downsizing , procurement regulations have been modified to allow agencies greater flexibility and choice in selecting contracting methods for acquiring facilities .
i know that i did n't much uh-huh oh
so it 's sociology
and they have a bar also which is always crowded as can be but it 's it 's an specially fine restaurant and when you consider they take no plastic or checks
Rehnquist 's conferences are no-nonsense .
uh the one we thought would be the most timid uh turned out to be the one that stuck with it and was the first to learn
Component modularization and prefabrication off-site can reduce the amount of time cranes are needed on a site , as well as provide opportunities to reduce project schedules and construction costs and to concentrate jobs locally at the prefabrication facility .
so you know it 's something we we have tried to help but yeah
These days , newspaper writers are no longer allowed the kind of license he took .
Candle grease ?
You can alternate lazy days on the beach with some of the Medi?ter?ra?nean 's best deep-sea diving , boat excursions around pirate coves , canoeing and fishing on inland rivers , or hikes and picnics in the mountains .
It was made up to look as much like an old-fashioned steam train as possible .
And here , current history adds a major point .
Ickes apparently made calls to donors from his government office , but there is no evidence so far that anyone else solicited funds in a federal building .
that 's cool kind of like Pink Floyd or something uh yeah basketball 's cool but football kind of after a while
the net cost of operations .
-LRB- Hypothetical data for this example are given in table 2.2 . -RRB-
Indiana Legal Services -LRB- ILS -RRB- Executive Director Norman Metzger and Colleen Cotter , Director of the ILS Indiana Justice Center , were marvelous hosts .
He jumped up , planting one hand on the charging horse , and came at the brute with the axe .
But they persevered , she said , firm and optimistic in their search , until they were finally allowed by a packed restaurant to eat their dinner off the floor .
Under the default method , eighty percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances available for allocation each year will be allocated to Acid Rain Program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the Administrator 's Emissions Scorecard 2000 , Appendix B -LRB- 2000 Data for SO2 , NOx , CO2 , Heat Input , and Other Parameters -RRB- , Table B1 -LRB- All 2000 Data for All Units -RRB- .
Students of human misery can savor its underlying sadness and futility .
In the Blue Mountain National Park and the John Crow National Park , which together cover 78,200 hectares -LRB- 193 , 200 acres -RRB- , conservationists are attempting to halt the encroachment of local farmers and loggers .
and if it 's above six hundred you 're going to have to do it and i got one thirty one
so we 're expecting our local economy to
not only that but they do n't pay the money either
Growth continued for ten years , and by 1915 the town had telephones , round-the-clock electricity , and a growing population many of whom worked in the railroad repair shop .
huh do you have your own kiln or do you do you
yeah right right yeah i know i uh i remember my college days and having to do that too
um-hum um-hum yeah well uh i can see you know it 's it 's it 's it 's kind of funny because we it seems like we loan money you know we money with strings attached and if the government changes and the country that we loan the money to um i can see why the might have a different attitude towards paying it back it 's a lot us that you know we do n't really loan money to to countries we loan money to governments and it 's the
and the like a guy does it and he has his own pigs
-LRB- As the old saying goes , If you ca n't figure out who the fool is at the poker table , it 's probably you .
Next , you enter the vast and splendid Imperial Hall , with three handsome marble fountains , and a canopied throne from which the sultan would enjoy the music and dancing of his concubines .
Together they had a force of 130 attorneys and the responsibility to serve the civil legal needs of about 550,000 poor and vulnerable people throughout the state .
Well , shut it then , laughed the woman .
Here you 'll find many clothing stores for all ages and a large branch of Dunnes Stores , an Irish clothes - and food-shop chain .
hm oh is oh that 's great uh-huh do you get the full benefits
One bakes Flipper .
An important part of U.S. diplomacy is getting sovereign states to work together voluntarily .
The purpose of the Self-Inspection process was to provide programs a means to verify , by reviewing a sample of cases , that their 1999 CSR data satisfies LSC 's standards for accuracy .
The herds give a sense of proportion to the vast openness , just as the scattered farmhouses and characteristic drystone walls add reassuring warmth to even the loneliest valley .
Following publication of the proposed rule -LRB- 58 Fed .
Land of Lincoln helped Tasha Johnson of Marion get Social Security benefits to support her four children after the 29-year-old woman was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma , a type of cancer , she said .
The island has a long history ; its marble deposits were coveted around the ancient world .
How long , Thaler and Siegel ask , will it take most investors to get wise to the fact that the equity premium is just too damned high ?
Sitting up at night is always rather jumpy , she confessed .
taken up by the oh okay oh so you know well that 's i had wondered sometimes i knew that there was a lot of a lot of effort and a lot of work went into a lot of that and i just wondered if if it lasted and if it took you know like yeah
Dole : We ought to agree that somebody else should do it .
I was pulled into the bar .
For instance , one state government CIO attributed his success to his breadth of experience across a variety of financial , retail , and IT units , which facilitates his ability to
When Mr. Hastings and Mr. Lawrence came in yesterday evening , they found your mistress busy writing letters .
One 23-year-old White House assistant was interrogated about a triple murder that took place at a Starbucks in Georgetown .
These 900 hectares -LRB- 2,224 acres -RRB- of parkland on the western edge of the city constitute one of Baron Haussmann 's happier achievements .
and you fry them with garlic and a little bit of couple dashes of hot pepper
However , some participants cautioned that principle-based standards should not be viewed as a panacea to solve the problems with financial reporting and could lead to an undesirable situation where you would not have comparability or agreement as to the treatment of similar transactions .
Where are you going ?
approaches to achieving missions vary considerably between agencies .
The community courthouse will be held every second Tuesday of the month at Carver at 217 Paso Hondo .
Prototyping , for example , may act as part of the requirements definition process , helping the agency identify and control areas of high uncertainty and technical risk .
Did Meriwether Lewis really commit suicide , as historians claim ?
It is that prospect that may bring Republicans together to defend a CPI everyone knows is inaccurate .
IRS Restructuring and Reform Act , its budget requests , and administration of various tax
In the summer , the Sultan 's Pool , a vast outdoor amphitheatre , stages rock concerts or other big-name events .
I do n't know what I would have done without Legal Services , said James .
On Samothrakia you can climb to the summit of Mount Fengari , where the God Poseidon watched the Trojan War reach its tragic climax .
yeah um gosh i think it was only like three and a half pounds and for me that 's big that 's why i 'm saying i love to go fishing because i 've never caught anything really really big um so because it 's always been you know in the on a lake and uh i know they have bigger fish than that but you know three and a half pounds and that was huge for me
STANDARD COSTING - A costing method that attaches costs to cost objects based on reasonable estimates or cost studies and by means of budgeted rates rather than according to actual costs incurred .
Last year , they were spooked .
and my and my part-time work you know it 's not our the restaurant our favorite restaurant in the town of Salisbury where actually we live you know where my where i 'll return to my job or whatever we can normally eat out for um under fourteen dollars
Table 2 : Examples of BLM 's , FHWA 's , IRS 's , and VBA 's Customer Satisfaction Expectations for Senior Executive Performance
Candidates must submit a set of fingerprints for review by the FBI .
His family had lost a son and a daughter now .
Very little indeed , answered Tuppence , and was pleased to note that Whittington 's uneasiness was augmented instead of allayed .
The WP runs a piece inside reporting that during a church service last Sunday , Cardinal John O'Connor of New York criticized President Clinton from the pulpit for taking Catholic communion while in South Africa .
The route passes in sight of two uninhabited Es Vedr ? , which hovers like an apparition on the horizon off to the west , and Espalmador , which is popular with yachtsmen for its white-sand beach .
13-year-olds .
We have done that spectacularly .
To address these concerns , we supplement our Base Estimate of benefits with a series of sensitivity calculations that make use of other sources of concentration-response and valuation data for key benefits categories .
-LSB- W -RSB- e have a book worthy of its subject -- graceful , astonishingly well researched , yet imbued with a sense of flow that is rarely achieved at this level of scholarship , says Daphne Merkin in the New York Times Book Review . -LRB- See Sarah Kerr 's review in Slate . -RRB-
Aswan became a backwater following the decline of the Egyptian Empire , far removed from power bases at Alexandria and Cairo .
First , the Comptroller General sends a written request to the agency head for the record that has not been made available to GAO within a reasonable time after an initial request .
oh boy it the i think it 's like one or the other is n't it i mean you either
There is very little left of old Ocho the scant remains of Ocho Rios Fort are probably the oldest and now lie in an industrial area , almost forgotten as the tide of progress has swept over the town .
All-inclusive packages and large resort hotels offer restaurants , sporting activities , entertainment , wide-screen sports channels in the bars , shopping , and a guaranteed suntan .
more of a football powerhouse up there i guess
` Can I get a drink ? '
Over their backs fell the cutting lashes of a whip .
Slate 's Joseph Nocera .
Starting from Scratch
Never trust a Sather , Bork said softly .
Seemingly endemic corruption was compounded by a remarkable dearth of political leadership and decisive action .
do you do you put it in the refrigerator then or you
Waterloo .
Then he turned to Tommy .
The most recent attraction at the pyramid complex is a small museum housing the remains of a solar barque -LRB- a cedar longboat -RRB- which was found in 1954 .
In this rule , cost refers to historical cost and market refers to the current replacement cost by purchase or production .
wow who can afford that my God i ca n't afford to miss a day let alone six
The most comfortable way to see these important Hoysala temples is to visit them on either side of an overnight stay at Hassan , 120 km -LRB- 75 miles -RRB- northwest of Mysore .
4 million , or about 8 percent of total expenditures for the two programs -RRB- .
Detroit Pistons they 're not as good as they were last year
They encourage the view that there 's nothing -- from Iraqi germ weapons programs to Serbian atrocities -- that a few invisible planes ca n't fix .
Anyway , thank you very much for trying to help us .
Also , stakeholders may not interpret principles consistently , and it is important for stakeholders to have the same conceptual framework as preparers when interpreting a principle .
The mansions have been downgraded to consulates since the capital was transferred to Ankara in 1923 , and modern shops and restaurants have sprung up .
After three days of using the gel , my mouth has returned to its familiar self .
1 Now that each unit is fully staffed , the LSC Office of Program Performance and its state planning team contain over 260 years of experience in LSC-funded programs .
I want you to mark him .
Who ? asked Tommy .
How did you get it ? '' A chair was overturned .
The organizations usually allowed individual members who had changed employers to continue participation .
What you say about Lawrence is a great surprise to me , I said .
Pat Buchanan followed immediately behind , handing out smallpox-infected blankets and bottles of whiskey .
The editors , for their part , arrange to have them all written just in case I do .
It is at the moment of maximum audience susceptibility that we hear , for the first time , that the woman was fired not because of her gender but because of her sexual preference .
allow the efficiencies of a low-cost mailstream to be available to all who can use them .
Using a threestep development planning process , managers assess their current capabilities , determine their specific development needs , and build and execute a development plan .
so do you have do you have the long i guess not not if there 's see i was raised in New York but i guess up there you all do n't have too long of a growing season do you
This is arguably starting to distort the practice of science itself .
A federal employment training program can report on the number of participants .
Despite their many similarities , Koreans and Japanese have long been mutually hostile and have pointed to the vast differences between their languages as proof that they lack a shared ancestry .
Table 4.1 : Selected Federal Income Tax Provisions That Influence Personal Saving
i think that the people that are um have um a lower income which you automatically equate with lower education
The volumes are available again but wo n't be returned to the stacks until the damp library itself gets renovated .
The University of Nevada-Las Vegas boasts a student population over 23,000 -LRB- though , like most of the people in Las Vegas , they are commuters -RRB- .
Vishnu 's wife Lakshmi is goddess of good fortune .
To the sociologists ' speculations , add mine .
although the uh it 's uh it we almost one day we painted the house to uh we painted we painted the whole inside and it had all this dark trim we thought uh you know we did the one wall but the other trim i 'm trying to think i think i think we left most of it because it gets to be uh they do n't do that in the newer houses now we do n't the uh mold everything is white in a new house everything is white
Jon replaced Susan 's cloak with a white robe and a head scarf , also quite dirty .
To provide a useful perspective on how alternative levels of national saving affect future living standards , we also compared our simulation results to a historical benchmark .
life track
i also use my PC to emulate a mainframe terminal for our IBM mainframe and also to emulate a deck terminal for our deck machine
The 28 sta?tues representing the kings of Judah and Israel have been remodeled after the drawings of Viollet-le-Duc ; the original ones were pulled down during the Revolution , since they were thought to be the kings of France .
They make a pretty pair working together .
and going to school is also always very prohibitive now unless your parents are wealthy
Many restaurants and bars have live music .
Guangzhou , with a population of more than 5 million , straddles the Pearl River China 's fifth longest which links the city to the South China Sea .
uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh yeah well that 's really neat
HE KNOWS ABOUT THE MINES .
Of how , when tea was done , and everyone had stood , He reached for my head , put his hands over it , And gently pulled me to his chest , which smelledOf dung smoke and cinnamon and mutton grease.I could hear his wheezy breathing now , like the prophet 's Last whispered word repeated by the faithful.Then he prayed for what no one had time to translate -- His son interrupted the old man to tell him a groupOf snake charmers sought his blessing , and a blind thief.The saint pushed me away , took one long look , Then straightened my collar and nodded me toward the door .
For example , NIPA excludes capital transfers , like estate tax receipts , which are recorded as revenue in the unified budget , and investment grants-in-aid to state and local governments , which the unified budget records as outlays .
No , I do n't know .
okay movies i 've i have n't seen too many lately i have kids and we went and saw The Rescuers Down Under over the the break do do you have kids you take to movies or
yes everybody in the country is preapproved i think
Now sink of sorrow I who live -- the more the wrong!Who wishing death , whom death denies , whose thread is all too long ; Who tied to wretched life , who looks for no relief , Must spend my ever dying days in never ending grief .
profit rather
Czarek had to fight for attention :
it 's actually there well Iraq has had uh designs on that place since nineteen twenty two so you know it was n't like something that just suddenly popped up
Hersheimmer `` WELL , '' said Tuppence , recovering herself , `` it really seems as though it were meant to be . '' Carter nodded .
Bettelheim committed suicide in 1990 , evidently having found life unbearable , despite -LRB- or because of -RRB- his fictions .
The man had probably heard him urinating or maybe even noticed the change of his breath as he awoke .
EPA estimates that 5.6 million acres of lakes , estuaries and wetlands and 43,500 miles of streams , rivers and coasts are impaired by mercury emissions .
Although a mile long , its name is misleading because it is not one street but several different streets .
`` The summons was only for Dave Hanson , '' Ser Perth said sternly as the three drew up to him .
This having come to his stepmother 's ears , she taxed him with it on the afternoon before her death , and a quarrel ensued , part of which was overheard .
He was of two minds , one reveled in the peace of this village .
Favorite items that will help preserve your memories of the rugged Lakeland countryside are clothing or blankets made from the local Herdwick wool , coasters of polished slate , or walking sticks with ram 's - horn handles .
We must re-examine the base , including our current human capital policies and practices .
Too bad it chose to use McIntyre instead .
They post loads of newspaper articles -- Yahoo!
Inflation is supposed to be a deadly poison , not a useful medicine .
The streets are crammed with vendors selling shrine offerings of sweets , curds , and coconut , as well as garlands and holy images .
If the data from a series of tests performed with the same toxicant , toxicant concentrations , and test species , were analyzed with hypothesis tests , precision could only be assessed by a qualitative comparison of the NOEC-LOEC intervals , with the understanding that maximum precision would be attained if all tests yielded the same NOEC-LOEC interval .
Click Friedrich Hayek ring to go ...
Shortly after stepping out on the bridge , Jon felt the entire walkway narrow .
Windows 95 costs about $ 90 at my local computer superstore .
In short , we all got tired of clever analyses of what might happen ; and throughout economics there was a shift in focus away from theorizing , toward data collection and careful statistical analysis .
` No one in Large would ever try to harm us .
This marvelous Victorian-Gothic building is famous for the fanciful stone carvings around the base of its pillars -LRB- one pillar , reputedly depicting the club members , shows monkeys playing billiards -RRB- .
REPORT PREPARATION AND TEST REVIEW
yep see we have cable here
The river-beds are mostly too shallow for anything but flat-bottomed boats .
The collection and indeed the building itself is not huge or overbearing , allowing visitors to relax and enjoy the art perhaps more than is possible in such massive galleries as the Louvre or Rijksmuseum .
We 're going to try something different this morning , said Jon .
She 's smiling but her eyes are closed .
made it yeah made it all the way through four years of college playing ball but
Drinks are available and expensive .
Others are Zao -LRB- in Tohoku -RRB- and a number of resorts in Joshin-etsu Kogen National Park in the Japan Alps , where there are now splendid facilities thanks to the 1998 Winter Olympic Games in Nagano .
Introduction
Ramses II did not build it from stone but had it hewn into the cliffs of the Nile valley at a spot that stands only 7 km -LRB- 4 miles -RRB- from the Sudan border , in the ancient land of Nubia .
In the same issue , a document entitled Analysis Regarding The Food And Drug Administration 's Jurisdiction Over Nicotine-Containing Cigarettes And Smokeless Tobacco Products was published and comments were requested .
Hey , no problem , a fine policy .
you know getting clothes and stuff every once in awhile exactly
Unless the political culture changes drastically , there will always be one or more independent prosecutors investigating the administration of the day and/or past administrations , anyway .
In manual systems , attestations , verifications , and approvals are usually shown by a signature or initial of an individual on a hard copy document .
yeah well are you you with TI
Beyond the facade there are cavernous empty rooms .
It must be a difficult situation for you all .
true yeah i know it is n't that ridiculous we have cable which helps a lot
And that squatting he does -- it 's as uncomfortable as it looks .
It started with The Wild Bunch : We sexualized violence , we made it beautiful .
and so i have really enjoyed that but but there are i do have friends that watch programs like they want to see a particular program and they are either home watching it or definitely recording it they have some programs that they wo n't miss
They are all quotations from the Old Testament Book of Aunt Ruth .
From Cockpit Country to St. Ann 's Bay
Beyond the facade there are cavernous empty rooms .
The arts also flourished in India during these early times .
yeah plus uh you know look at the you know the besides the pollution the the aspect of invasion of privacy there 's a big pollution aspect too i find i throw out a lot of those flyers and i have no interest in
Regulation M is adopted under the Securities Act , 15 U.S.C.
The elements of this example , repeated across millions of individual tasks , encapsulates the difference between an advanced industrial economy with a high standard of living and a less developed country with a low standard of living .
That analysis is guided by an economist 's faith in the maxim that people are generally pretty good at looking out for their own interests .
uh-huh oh yeah all the people for right uh life or something
little too much maybe
' I saw him get aboard myself .
i can believe i can believe that
Despite a recent renovation , the Meadows Mall is the least appealing of the three suburban malls .
Today , nothing remains except the foundations .
The second half of the book dealt with the use of the true name .
They are all quotations from the Old Testament Book of Aunt Ruth .
Also beyond city limits is the Legacy Golf Club in the nearby suburb of Henderson .
It was the heyday of the brilliant but lethal Spanish-Italian lecherous Rodrigo , who became Pope Alexander VI , and treacherous son Cesare , who stopped at nothing to control and expand the papal lands .
The guidelines do not apply to inpatient hospital services and hospice services and will be used by Medicare fiscal intermediaries to determine the maximum allowable costs of the therapy services .
Jon walked back to the town to the smithy .
Placido Domingo 's appearance on the package , compellingly photographed in costume as the ancient King of Crete , -LRB- Anthony Tommasini , the New York Times -RRB- is the main selling point for this new recording of one of Mozart 's more obscure operas -- a fact that does not make critics happy .
Apartment...twenty-one B , apparently .
The Vice President and his representatives have asserted that GAO lacks the statutory authority to examine the activities of the NEPDG , recognizing only GAOas authority to audit its financial transactions .
The Wall Street Journal Business Bulletin has a fact that dramatizes how profoundly well-off this country is -- Americans throw out approximately 12 percent of the stuff they buy at the supermarket .
Since The Bell Curve was published , it has become clear that almost everything about it was inexcusably suspect data , mistakes in statistical procedures that would have flunked a sophomore -LRB- Murray -- Herrnstein is deceased -- clearly does not understand what a correlation coefficient means -RRB- , deliberate suppression of contrary evidence , you name it .
What 's needed , alongside an evacuation plan , is a realistic program to stabilize conditions for those left behind .
We have heard , seen this pattern before .
yeah that 's up here in New England that 's we call that backpacking which is the same thing which is you 're you 've got everything on your back you know an aluminum camp frame uh
Second , Clinton has n't used the bully pulpit to speak out against drug use nearly as often as his two predecessors did .
And you are wrong in condemning it .
Madrid is the perfect base for explorations into the heart and soul of Spain , with a wealth of fascinating day trips and a trio of UNESCO-honored cities just an hour or so from the city .
As the Tokugawa shoguns had feared , this opening of the floodgates of Western culture after such prolonged isolation had a traumatic effect on Japanese society .
Climate changes had already had the effect of reducing the amount of forest land ; the monks accelerated this process by clearing many more acres in order to make room for ever-growing herds of sheep .
In the meantime we must send for a doctor , but before we do so , is there anything in this room that might be of value to us ? '' Hastily , the three searched .
yeah yeah you probably get this probably pretty sticky after you get done then you 've got to drain the water out of the watermelon because you know when you scrape it it makes the water
But the world is not run for the edification of tourists .
He dismounted and Ca ` daan saw he was smaller than the rest .
The setting -- wherever it might be -- always seems authentic , not as if it were a Hollywood back lot .
There were maybe three hundred people present .
yeah they uh they the voters voted one way and it and then uh some federal judge said no that was unconstitutional and they have had two or three votes and the city council is divided over what the district should be because they divide it one way and the minorities say we 're losing representation representation and uh it it 's just a big battle
As the Tokugawa shoguns had feared , this opening of the floodgates of Western culture after such prolonged isolation had a traumatic effect on Japanese society .
The central section of Tinos has little of interest , but make your way over the hills to the pretty village of Pyrgos , famed for its school of marble carving .
They keep romance and marriage apart '' Tommy flushed .
I have kept you and clothed you and fed you !
Companies that were foreign had to accept Indian financial participation and management .
There is .
They found plenty of water pouring down from the mountains , and more timber than anyone knew what to do with .
He unleashed a 16-day reign of terror that left 300 Madeirans dead , stocks of sugar destroyed , and the island plundered .
The rock has a soft texture and can be bought in a variety of shapes .
Workers are also represented in civil rights and retaliation claims .
Over their backs fell the cutting lashes of a whip .
Castlerigg near Keswick is the best example .
4 -RRB- Not enough is known about how nontransportation costs vary with distance .
Many restaurants and cafes welcome children .
1 Lower and upper PMSD bounds were determined from the 10th and 90th percentile , respectively , of PMSD data from EPA 's WET Interlaboratory Variability Study -LRB- USEPA , 2001a ; USEPA , 2001b -RRB- .
The road along the coastline to the south travels through busy agricultural towns and fishing villages untouched by tourism .
In the USPS view of the world , institutional costs are a larger share of total costs and fewer costs can be expected to be shed , if and when , say , transaction mail leaves the system .
Some bugs are hell to track down .
They were inferior .
yeah and every once in a while they 'll have dressing but uh whoever makes it uh goes crazy with the sage
how long has he been in his present position
and when they get out they should have uh i do n't know you know some reasonable amount of money
He could make quite an issue out of the need to determine the characteristic impedance of their sky .
FDA suggests there may be an association between BSE and a form of human TSE known as new variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease .
oh hum well uh i have n't for some reason have never really gotten enthused about football in the summer from from the the World League
New York 's John Leonard calls Oz an ecology and anthropology of terror , not for the faint of heart or the queasy of stomach ...
paid back down it uh
Since his death it has been transformed into the Bob Marley Museum and carefully managed by the Marley family to protect the memory of his life .
He loved her .
i think the rate of processing is just about uh reached the rate of housing anyway so keep the keep the normal as it is ca n't upset the system very much
' I really do n't feel comfortable around people who enjoy making speeches . '
I leap ! '' And , in very truth , run and leap he did , gambolling wildly down the stretch of lawn outside the long window .
It is that prospect that may bring Republicans together to defend a CPI everyone knows is inaccurate .
The cane plantations , increasingly in the hands of American tycoons , found a ready market in the US .
Jon took Susan to the mother of the boy who had befriended her .
She admits to Dorcas , ' I do n't know what to do ; scandal between husband and wife is a dreadful thing . ' At 4 o'clock she has been angry , but completely mistress of herself .
They 're taking us away this morning .
It was stated that auditors frequently leave the profession early in their careers to join clients , and that over half of CPAs are not practicing public accounting .
For example , computers and related equipment have an estimated annual depreciation rate of 31 percent ,7 and new versions of software applications are released every few years .
all they you know thinking that they 're going to have money and jobs and success and everything and then they then there is no jobs and they end up homeless and not knowing anybody and no money and it 's terrible
According to this plan , areas that were predominantly Arab the Gaza Strip , the central part of the country , the northwest corner , and the West Bank were to remain under Arab control as Palestine , while the southern Negev Des?Υrt and the northern coastal strip would form the new State of Israel .
Acquaintances of mine have become Orthodox because of the codes .
In this case , shareholders can pay twice for the sins of others .
The four Javis children ? asked Severn .
Inside are leather-bound regimental books with each serviceperson 's name duly inscribed .
Likewise , at their production decision reviews , these programs did not capture manufacturing and product reliability knowledge consistent with best practices .
Tom is the winner of a year 's supply of Turtle Wax , and he will receive his prize just as soon as the Shopping Avenger figures out how much Turtle Wax actually constitutes a year 's supply .
but but it is peaceful i mean it is relaxing to do once you find the time to do it
Sixty percent of Americans are frustrated and angry with the health-care system , and 70 percent favor federal intervention .
That would be a tenfold increase in the Internet 's share .
His voice was even and calm , not a hint of rage .
The state legislature provides significant bipartisan support for the legal services delivery system .
Vrenna looked it and smiled .
yeah so i i trotted back to the car rather quickly uh jumped in went home and took a hot shower and changed clothes and went back
Welts grew on each of the man 's cheeks .
Another quarter billion plus dollars of the total amount sought was earmarked to pay down operating debt accrued in past years .
Finally , the Administration strongly opposes including reductions for CO2 in S. 556 or any multi-pollutant bill .
yeah i mean this this Escort even when the head gasket went i mean it would start first time every time
One reason for the high value of MLB teams is the prospect of new , publicly financed ballparks . Owners in Baltimore , Cleveland , Chicago , Denver , and Texas have all reaped major profits from these new facilities , built at little or no cost to the teams .
i 'm not exactly sure
During the Crimean War -LRB- 1854 56 -RRB- she set up a hospital in the huge Selimiye Barracks -LRB- Selimiye Kelase -RRB- .
The game of billiards is also hot .
News ' cover says the proliferation of small computer devices and the ascendance of Web-based applications are eroding Microsoft 's dominance .
excessively violent i was worried it 's like golly if kids start imitating that
yeah maybe the maybe they 'll bring their good schools with them you know if the industry comes
At the delta of the Rh ?? ne , where its two arms spill into the Medi?ter?ra?nean , the Camargue has been reclaimed from the sea to form a national nature reserve .
Good spots for blues are Harvelle 's Blues Club in Santa Monica , Jack 's Sugar Shack in Hollywood , and the House of Blues in West Hollywood .
well uh normally i like to to go out fishing in a boat and uh rather than like bank fishing and just like you try and catch anything that 's swimming because i 've had such problems of trying to catch any type of fish that uh i just really enjoy doing the boat type fishing
For the first time I entertained the idea of taking my talents to that particular market ... .
When we leave the house we shall be followed again , but not molested , FOR IT IS Mr. BROWN 'S PLAN THAT WE ARE TO LEAD HIM .
She kept her most important papers in a purple despatch-case , which we must look through carefully . ''
Regulation and the Nature of Postal Delivery Services , Ed .
Improved products and services Initiate actions and manage risks to develop new products and services within or outside the organization .
For example , the moderate scenario assumes a 50 % or $ 1 .
He had no real answer .
Participate in the postaward audit for assessing thedegree of success of the acquisition .
i do n't understand that i thought that he was always a good player
The tourist industry continued to expand , and though it became one of the top two income earners in Spain , a realization that unrestricted mass tourism was leading to damaging long-term consequences also began to grow .
I nodded again .
yeah because it like i i think i 've seen those before but i do n't remember what they look like
But you would not trust me . ''
He 's chosen Meg Ryan .
Good spots for blues are Harvelle 's Blues Club in Santa Monica , Jack 's Sugar Shack in Hollywood , and the House of Blues in West Hollywood .
For the upcoming world championships in microhockey , a super-vaccine was to be developed , which would be administered to all participants and audience members .
what does um is Robby Robin Williams does he have a funny part in the movie or is
This confluence of a bad tax , a $ 1 billion reserve , a botched opposition campaign , and voters willing to call a bluff resulted in the I-695 victory .
Criminal discovered in last chapter .
Since 1998 , LSC has initiated and overseen significant structural changes in the number and configuration of LSC-funded programs in order to develop more powerful and effective state delivery systems .
He dismounted and Ca ` daan saw he was smaller than the rest .
All were prominent nationally known organizations .
Divers can explore the deeps but you can also snorkel here , or take a glass-bottom boat or submarine tour to get a glimpse of this watery world .
He and his wife had lived at Styles Court in every luxury , surrounded by her care and attention .
Because GAO 's primary function is to support the Congress in carrying out its decision-making and oversight responsibilities , the number of times our experts testify before congressional panels each year is an indicator of our responsiveness and reflects the impact , importance , and value of our work .
but you know they kids seem like when they get ten or twelve years old they fall out of that and and they do n't follow it at all you know there 're very few scouts go on and become Eagle Scouts and and i do n't know what the high rank is for the gals but
Matches are held only intermittently , however The Calcutta Cup Match , in early April , pits the Scots against their auld enemy the English and is a great spectacle .
On a spur-road just a little north of the sleepy village of Anse-Bertrand is the Anse Laborde , a public beach of tan sand with gorgeous turquoise waters and good snorkeling off rocky promontories .
and oh okay and then went to Colorado
You did , did n't you ? ''
-LRB- In the short run , higher-income taxpayers may pay more taxes , not less , if a capgains rate cut leads them to sell more assets than they otherwise would have done . -RRB-
yeah and they 've got those bins that just stay there and they decorated them real cute you know with a bunch of big old flowers and stuff
They are built on the site of David 's Tower , once the largest and most formidable structure in the castle .
Although it is a significant part of the poverty population , Asians historically have not been able to participate in the services and programs available to the poor , he said .
but i 've lived up here all my life and i 'm fifty eight years old so i i could
But the most sustained assault on Orientalism 's premises , and on its prestige , came from the left .
course the head bangers i stay away from those entirely
There is very little left of old Ocho the scant remains of Ocho Rios Fort are probably the oldest and now lie in an industrial area , almost forgotten as the tide of progress has swept over the town .
Off El Hurriya Street you 'll find the Neo-Classical facade of the Greco-Roman Museum with a fine collection of both Roman , Greek , and Ptolemaic artifacts found around the city and under the waters of the harbor , along with many ancient Egyptian pieces .
Bars with views and live music include Sky Lounge in the Sheraton Hotel and Towers , Tsim Sha Tsui ; and Cyrano in the Island Shangri-La in Pacific Place .
And Alan Tonelson , of the U.S.
couple of years ago i was thinking about moving to Massachusetts but uh boy i 'm glad i did n't
sometimes well there 's definitely a lot more hitting
Everything is a celebration .
It will be COLOSSAL ! ''
I saw that a faint streak of daylight was showing through the curtains of the windows , and that the clock on the mantelpiece pointed to close upon five o'clock .
well i think that 's about all my pet stories right now so
This data is used to model the behavior of access costs .
although the uh it 's uh it we almost one day we painted the house to uh we painted we painted the whole inside and it had all this dark trim we thought uh you know we did the one wall but the other trim i 'm trying to think i think i think we left most of it because it gets to be uh they do n't do that in the newer houses now we do n't the uh mold everything is white in a new house everything is white
The herds give a sense of proportion to the vast openness , just as the scattered farmhouses and characteristic drystone walls add reassuring warmth to even the loneliest valley .
If the data from a series of tests performed with the same toxicant , toxicant concentrations , and test species , were analyzed with hypothesis tests , precision could only be assessed by a qualitative comparison of the NOEC-LOEC intervals , with the understanding that maximum precision would be attained if all tests yielded the same NOEC-LOEC interval .
Cave 31 tries to emulate the style of the great Hindu temple on a much smaller scale , but the artists here were working on much harder rock and so abandoned their effort .
He 's a bad lot .
Of particular significance -- the American public has become acutely aware of the hazards to their health , including the risk of mortality , posed by inhalation of fine particles and exposure to mercury through fish consumption .
so Eric what do you think um
yeah uh-huh yeah it 's one of the things uh if you read in the newspapers and stuff he 's the critics really like it or they really do n't
The national award was created to recognize an attorney in practice for less than 10 years for excellence in public interest or pro bono activities .
no i i even i enjoy reading T News i try to catch it because it 's another example they just they just show you the words and the facts and they they do n't offer any commentary and it gives me a quick chance to to be caught up during the day because you know we do n't listen to the radio at work at all so i do n't like to go the whole day without hearing anything
Part 2 -RRB- , Confidentiality of Alcohol and Drug Abuse Patient Records .
For the upcoming world championships in microhockey , a super-vaccine was to be developed , which would be administered to all participants and audience members .
You 're all right now .
In order to ensure these Americans are not left out of the justice system , a strong federal role in supporting legal services is vital .
now that 's a good idea
I had rejected it as absurd , nevertheless it persisted .
Trial of Galileo
But there 's John '' and Miss Howard , surely they were speaking the truth ? ''
I am not .
The rule prohibits the sale of nicotine-containing cigarettes and smokeless tobacco to individuals under the age of 18 ; requires manufacturers , distributors , and retailers to comply with various conditions regarding the sale and distribution of these products ; requires retailers to verify a purchaser 's age by photographic identification ; prohibits all free samples ; limits the distribution of these products through vending machines and self-service displays by permitting such methods of sale only in facilities where access by individuals under 18 is prohibited ; limits the advertising and labeling to which children and adolescents are exposed ; prohibits promotional , non-tobacco items such as hats and tee shirts ; prohibits sponsorship of
they eat a lot of it you know you can take your vitamins and she was telling me to take zinc so anyway i 've been taking enough zinc you know to kill a horse probably i hope it does n't hurt me but anyway i did read one chapter of that
Also , the final rule is not intended to have any retroactive effect and administrative procedures must be exhausted prior to any judicial challenge to the provisions of the rule .
Indeed , recent economic research suggests that investment in information technology explains most of the acceleration in labor productivity growth-a major component of overall economic growth-since 1995 .
Merrion Square West , Dublin 2 .
The analysis also addresses the various alternatives to the final rule which were considered , including differing compliance or reporting requirements , use of performance rather than design standards , and an exemption for small entities from coverage of the rule .
Children , especially boys , are seen as a blessing and are treated with indulgence , fussed over by mothers and grandmothers .
Yes , it does , admitted Tuppence .
After the recovery of Jerusalem in 1099 , it took four hundred years of sieges and battles , treaties , betrayals , and yet more battles , before Christian kings and warlords succeeded in subduing the Moors .
The park is a graceful and elegant expanse with fine views of the mountains , much loved by Dubliners since it was first opened to the public in 1747 .
but you 're without a paycheck during that time and i do n't at least that 's my understanding is even you know the first time you go for counseling and it 's six weeks before you 're back to work
Boats in daily use lie within feet of the fashionable bars and restaurants .
well so okay you need to get married and have kids and then when they 're big enough you can have them go do the yard and you can do what you want to do
Cop Bud White -LRB- Crowe -RRB- and Ed Exley -LRB- Pearce -RRB- almost mix it up -LRB- 59 seconds -RRB- :
medical and surgical expense coverage .
yeah it 's just a matter of education i think
he was he 's of course uh i guess he 's trained in this uh martial arts of some sort but the plot was bland the acting was bland It was just mostly centered upon his abilities to
yeah no i do n't know if there 's any any series that i pay attention to i try to watch Cheers once in a while
Hersheimmer `` WELL , '' said Tuppence , recovering herself , `` it really seems as though it were meant to be . '' Carter nodded .
Chapter 1 provides general background information on emission control technologies .
... I succeeded in my false career .
Challenges to Restore Public Confidence in
A contract that provides for a firm price or in
On 4 5 May a mass of mud and rocks was swept down by Pelee 's White River -LRB- Riviyre Blanche -RRB- over a factory , killing 25 people .
In about a quarter of an hour the bell rang , and Tuppence repaired to the hall to show the visitor out .
Other pundits beam their opinions at us as through a time warp , from the hazy days of past administrations .
He had to try something .
Perhaps San ` doro 's views had grown into him .
Could you please speak to this issue , with regard to the social ramifications of gum chewing in public ?
when there was the ball that was sort of hit to Buckner to Buckner
In addition , because funding is secured on an
Daniel nodded , fetching me a glass of beer .
He reported masterfully on the '72 campaign and the Hell 's Angels .
so you um-hum so you think it comes down to education or or something like that
but you 're without a paycheck during that time and i do n't at least that 's my understanding is even you know the first time you go for counseling and it 's six weeks before you 're back to work
I did so .
Case Study Evaluations .
ran toward us rather slowly , like people finishing their run .
She seemed so different ''
so it 's it 's changing and the summers are getting hot and the winters are cold but i guess i can live with it
Others watched them with cold eyes and expressionless faces .
maybe adult literacy maybe you know composition writing maybe you know uh volunteering you know on a tutor line or though the even through the elementary schools for help with homework or the other part of me says is God i 've had enough kids do i really
I admit I have knowledge of a certain name , but perhaps my knowledge ends there . ''
Some of the unmet needs are among people who can pay , but who are deterred from seeking a lawyer because of the uncertainty about legal fees and their fear of the profession .
However , SCR installations designed to comply with the NOX SIP Call are generally already into the installation process or , at a minimum , into the engineering phase of the project .
Moreover , it is possible to have questions that require nested case studies .
To be fair , Si does n't pay for all such treats .
To be sure , not all auctions are rip-offs .
There followed the Balkan Wars , in which Turkey lost western Thrace and Macedonia , then World War I , into which Turkey entered on Germany 's side .
Nothing prior to May 7 , 1915 .
Students of human misery can savor its underlying sadness and futility .
and uh it that takes so much time away from your kids
Who are these sons of eggs ?
In short , we all got tired of clever analyses of what might happen ; and throughout economics there was a shift in focus away from theorizing , toward data collection and careful statistical analysis .
Adrin nodded .
More works can be seen in the museum attached to the cathedral -LRB- admission is around 100 pe?setas -RRB- .
He argued that these governors shared the congressional Republican agenda enshrined in the 1994 Contract With America .
These two accounts are commonly combined in discussing the Social Security program .
GAO recommends that the Secretary of Defense revise policy and guidance
I want you to mark him .
That 's why we tried to kill you .
medical and surgical expense coverage .
To provide a common understanding of what is needed and expected in information technology security programs , NIST developed and published Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems -LRB- Special Pub 800-14 -RRB- in September 1996 .
The cathedral in particular is impressive after dark .
We come to a little difficulty here , since Mrs. Inglethorp never drank it . ''
Using a threestep development planning process , managers assess their current capabilities , determine their specific development needs , and build and execute a development plan .
MC2000-2 , was initially considered and recommended by the Commission under the market test rules .
It is not possible to walk up through the water as at Dunn 's River , but steps have been erected at the side of the water to take you to a platform at the foot of the first cascade .
This was built 15 years earlier by Jahangir 's wife , Nur Jahan , for her father , who served as Mughal Prime Minister .
His grandson Akbar chose Agra for his capital over Delhi .
oh i 'll bet they did
She had thrown away her cloak and tied her hair back into a topknot to keep it out of the way .
Many lakes or sections of lakes are also wildlife conservation areas ; these guides list the regulations that are in effect to protect water birds and other animals .
Now suppose there is a private delivery firm in Cleveland that is competing with the postal service .
As recent events illustrate , trust takes years to gain but can be lost in an instant .
Here 's the 439 feet + -LRB- 59 feet x 0.6 -RRB- = 474 feet .
U.S. civil legal services delivery system .
What 's needed , alongside an evacuation plan , is a realistic program to stabilize conditions for those left behind .
Net nonfederal saving
A poll of Hong Kong residents finds them sanguine about the city 's future .
It was like looking into a mirror , except infinitely more realistic .
These aliens may seek legal assistance at any time during the year , although limited English ability and lack of knowledge of rights and procedures may provide obstacles to seeking and obtaining representation .
Charles Geveden has introduced legislation that will increase the Access to Justice supplement on court filing fees .
Ibiza 's seven-bulwark defences are almost completely intact .
In Roman times a temple to Jupiter stood here , followed in the fourth century by the first Christian church , Saint-Etienne .
The Garden Island is lush with botanical estates and Waimea Canyon , the grand Canyon of the Pacific .
However , the associated cost is primarily some of the costs of assessing and collecting duties on imported merchandise , such as the salaries of import specialists -LRB- who classify merchandise -RRB- and the costs of processing paperwork .
and uh really they 're about it they 've got a guy named Herb Williams that that i guess sort of was supposed to take the place of uh Tarpley but he uh he just does n't have the offensive skills
The Data Warehousing Institute provides education and training in the data warehousing and business intelligence industry .
Weicker has yet to declare his intentions .
it takes so much i mean it 's like of course it does i mean by the times it transforms into Wave by mark off model and you put it in there and you want to correct those and then you know you 're trying to make the the Wave smooth so you can approximately of course it 's going to take a lot
` Why is n't a lookalike good enough for them ? '
yeah it 's definitely a way out of the way where where as
yeah the the i mean people like that are crazy i did a study on it though when i was in high school it was one of these things we had to pick a topic to to investigate and at that time i do n't think it 's like that any more but at that time uh it was very unfair capital punishment was a lot more common and if you tended and it tended to be that if you were ignorant or if you were a foreigner or if you were black or any minority for that matter the chances your chances of of uh getting the death penalty were you know like hundreds of times greater than if you could just communicate well i mean you did n't have to be um you did n't even necessarily have to be white but if you could just communicate and you could come across in the court room with some kind of um
HE KNOWS ABOUT THE MINES .
Take a picnic and enjoy an alfresco lunch at this spectacular spot .
We need to look at the implications that these differing roles have for a range of issues , such as SES core competencies , performance standards , recruitment sources , mobility , and training and development programs .
Also , I will be assuming that the 6.0 a cost of the Postal Service to take the mail from basic to workshared condition is constant as limited quantities of mail move back and forth between basic and workshared .
And , just incidentally , the Sons of the Egg who 'd attacked him in the hospital had tried to reach the camp twice already , once by interpenetrating into a shipment of mandrakes , which indicated to what measures they would resort .
And frankly , the number seems a tad low to me .
Many Gothic and Renaissance buildings have been lovingly restored .
Drinks are available and expensive .
Daniel sat buried by the lights , occasionally pressing things .
and uh as a matter of fact he 's a draft dodger
The building will also house two smaller volunteer-based programs , the Multi-Cultural Law Center and the Senior Lawyer Volunteer Project .
Think of it this When consumer confidence declines , it is as if , for some reason , the typical member of the co-op had become less willing to go out , more anxious to accumulate coupons for a rainy day .
Most recently , GAO reviewed activities of the White House China Trade Relations Working Group , which was established at the request of President Clinton in the exercise of his Constitutional powers .
She was taken to the infirmary , and on recovering consciousness gave her name as Jane Finn .
He and his wife had lived at Styles Court in every luxury , surrounded by her care and attention .
-LRB- The Ramseys buried their daughter in Atlanta , then vacationed in Sea Island , Ga. -RRB- This absence , some speculate , gave the Ramseys time to work out a story to explain their innocence .
I entered her shack , opening the painted door covered in runes of warding .
Auditors may use an engagement letter , if appropriate , to communicate the information .
Outside the cathedral you will find a statue of John Knox with Bible in hand .
The road along the coastline to the south travels through busy agricultural towns and fishing villages untouched by tourism .
Look for the servant girl hurtled into hell for flirting with the devil .
His plan was to drive straight up to the house .
GAO recommends that the Secretary of Defense revise policy and guidance
You wonder what youre going to be when you grow up , lawyer Smith said .
It takes a deeper fire than most salamanders can stir , Ser Perth .
The only comprehensible explanation is that the vocation that had burrowed in next to medicine had taken control , had insisted .
If all else failed , I could always make myself an exhibit .
The world ripped apart around them replaced with a world of fear and blood and fire .
Of course I had a watch kept on Mr. Inglethorp , hoping that sooner or later he would lead me to the hiding-place .
well that 's not why i got it right how do you like your tread mill
How did this man know ?
Inside are leather-bound regimental books with each serviceperson 's name duly inscribed .
There 's a dramatic difference between someone like Michael Dell and someone like Al Dunlap .
Bush the elder came of age when New England Republicans led the party , and patrician manners were boons to a Republican .
The DO concentration must not fall below
Built in a.d. 688 691 , it is decorated in thousands of exquisite , predominantly blue and yellow , Persian ceramic tiles , with Koranic scriptures on the lintels .
Lavishly furnished and decorated , with much original period furniture , the rooms are used for ceremonial events , visits from foreign dignitaries , and EU meetings .
Yes , you 've done very well , young man .
Julius before the safe in the flat , her own question and the pause before his reply , `` Nothing . '' Was there really nothing ?
Yet , despite the stock market boom of the 1990s , many households have accumulated little , if any , wealth -LRB- see figure 1.3 -RRB- , and half of American households did not own stocks as of 1998 .
kind of like for the same reasons as you i just the care that goes into them and you know if i you know decide to take off for a week or so
Through a friend who knows the lift boy here .
And environmentalists have on occasion attacked religion for promoting human domination over the natural world .
Also , under credit reform , the credit subsidy cost is recorded as an outlay when a direct or guaranteed loan is disbursed .
and uh well if you if you got got him a power mower it 'd probably take him a lot less time to do it but i enjoy doing it i feel good doing it uh i i feel a lot better doing it with a power mower with that with a with a pull tractor on it so i do n't have to push so hard
However , in the off-field -LRB- sentimental -RRB- tournament , the Falcons and Jets have more appealing story lines .
His proud reserve -- a product of 40 years in the spotlight -- is refreshing but does not bode well for his capacity to shepherd big ideas through Congress .
yeah no i do n't know if there 's any any series that i pay attention to i try to watch Cheers once in a while
18 In 1989 , rural carriers received an average of 34 cents per mile as a motor vehicle allowance .
But the door was locked ? '' These exclamations burst from us disjointedly .
Under the budget deal , by 2002 , national defense will consume about $ 273 billion a year compared with $ 267 billion now .
We are also advocating enhanced reporting in connection with key federal performance and projection information .
Territorial rights , in the form of a deck chair , can be assured for a nominal sum .
First , we can acknowledge , and maybe even do something about , some of the disaffecting fallout from globalization , such as pollution and cultural dislocation .
To assist programs with implementing these web sites , the Northwest Justice Project and ProBonoNet in New York are hiring two full-time circuit riders to assist grantees with content management and to ensure that each web site supports the entire state justice community .
The world ripped apart around them replaced with a world of fear and blood and fire .
you know it 's it 's not easy to do but
Recently I met a guy at a party over at San Barenakedino 's . '
New York Times Book Review Editor Charles McGrath , a former deputy to William Shawn at the New Yorker , calls Lillian Ross ' memoir about her affair with Shawn on occasion factually inaccurate or misleading and a betrayal of Shawn 's high editorial principles .
Sphinxes were guardian deitiesinEgyptianmythologyandthis was monumentalprotection , standing73 m -LRB- 240 ft -RRB- longand20 m -LRB- 66 feet -RRB- high .
They post loads of newspaper articles -- Yahoo!
Back to the subject of celebrity interviews , British magazines have published a huge number with actress Kate Winslet , the star of Titanic , to promote a new British film she has made .
In Roman times a temple to Jupiter stood here , followed in the fourth century by the first Christian church , Saint-Etienne .
` The autopilot 's damaged - will the train still slow down ? '
The book is a parody of Bartlett 's , serving up quotes from Lincoln , Jefferson , and Roger Rosenblatt with equal pomposity .
The public health official 's version of the line , Take my wife , please , is Tell Americans to eat kale five times a week .
It is extremely dangerous to Every trip to the store becomes a temptation .
so they do n't deal much in cash anymore either
But she 's not like her photo one bit .
` Best we could hope for . '
At that event , legal services personnel , court personnel , and other technology experts saw demonstrations by four companies on their products , and assessed their utility for preparing pro se documents .
yeah they 're still laying off like over in Fort Worth and a lot of other companies too just here and there
If he were someone who was an assistant , with an ailing mother to support , well , it would be impossible .
With their fluent Vietnamese and Mandarin , they help Tran understand her family 's eligibility for Medi-Cal and food stamps , assist the 70-year-old woman in finding a place to live and advise abused women how they can stay in the country while staying away from their husbands .
The University of Nevada-Las Vegas boasts a student population over 23,000 -LRB- though , like most of the people in Las Vegas , they are commuters -RRB- .
We know they will have to come from the south but that gives them a space as wide as the town in which to launch their attack .
Julius nodded gravely .
In particular , the model provides a useful framework for assessing the long-term implications of alternative budget policies through their effect on national saving .
I hate pigeons .
you know and he he was talking about that he was talking about nobody went broke over paying thirty percent
Do you think Mrs. Inglethorp made a will leaving all her money to Miss Howard ? I asked in a low voice , with some curiosity .
The crucial part of that world is the home where parents relate to children .
In about a quarter of an hour the bell rang , and Tuppence repaired to the hall to show the visitor out .
For example , the first number in Column -LRB- 10 -RRB- shows that in FY 1997 , the volume of mail sent by households to other households represented 6.6 percent of total First-Class volume .
During his disastrous campaign in Russia , he found time in Moscow to draw up a new statute for the Com ?? die-Francaise -LRB- the national theater -RRB- , which had been dissolved during the Revolution .
A politician connected with the home service of his parliamentary section 's boss , with the mobile phone number 0-609-3459812 , and known for his lack of sense of humor , did not take too well to a message from ` Admirer ' - ` Wishes shovel best ' .
well that 's right because uh one day it 'll be eighty and the next day it 'll be about thirty below i tell you what and uh
At the end of the show is a cluster of popular sportswear with Tommy Hilfiger , Donna Karan , Nautica , the Gap , and such names applied to it .
well the channel eight when they came here thirteen fourteen years ago Dave Fox and Tracy Rowlett came together uh from Oklahoma City and apparently channel eight was way down and now they have turned it all around and done a pretty remarkable job and then
so he donates a lot not everything but a lot of the material then what he does n't donate we just go out and buy
The sculpture on the dome -LRB- a personification of Commerce -RRB- and the river gods -LRB- including Anna Livia , set over the main door -RRB- are by Edward Smyth , who was also responsible for the statues on the GPO .
Mykonos has had a head start as far as diving is concerned because it was never banned here -LRB- after all , there are no ancient sites to protect -RRB- .
and uh it may be a Mexican pizza sometimes both together um along with and see it which is really funny too you know normally she goes straight for vegetables except when she 's having French fries
Ask Cook if she 's missed any . '' It occurred to me very forcibly at that moment that to harbour Miss Howard and Alfred Inglethorp under the same roof , and keep the peace between them , was likely to prove a Herculean task , and I did not envy John .
I think as soon as they get you , they 'll come for me .
Just east of the Star Ferry terminal , you 'll come to CityHall .
There are many such at the present time .
But they also do n't seem to mind when the tranquillity of a Zen temple rock garden is shattered by recorded announcements blaring from loudspeakers parroting the information already contained in the leaflets provided at the ticket office ; when heavy-metal pop music loudly emanates from the radio of the middle-aged owner of a corner grocery store ; and when parks , gardens , and hallowed temples are ringed by garish souvenir shops whose shelves display both the tastefully understated and the hideously kitsch .
Some of the unmet needs are among people who can pay , but who are deterred from seeking a lawyer because of the uncertainty about legal fees and their fear of the profession .
Case Studies in Science Education .
In 1995 and again in 1998 , the Legal Services Corporation recognized that legal services programs were going to have to change the method and manner in which they conducted their business if they were going to remain viable and responsive to the needs of low income persons .
For a small fee , non-guests may use the beach and facilities at a number of Guadeloupe and Martinique hotels ' a great convenience for island-hoppers .
yeah i think they get bogged down in a lot of small issues that people you know special interest groups can blow up
yeah yeah i i went i went off to school wanting to either be a high school algebra teacher or high school French teacher because my two favorite people in the in high school were my algebra teacher and French teacher and uh and i was going to do that until the end of our sophomore year when we wanted uh we came time to sign up for majors and i had taken chemistry for the first time that year and surprised myself i did well in it
` Dave Hanson , to whom nothing was impossible . ' Well , we have a nearly impossible task : a task of engineering and building .
uh well i figured if i had it done in the garage at the Toyota dealer i would be looking at probably three or four hundred dollars
Paper goods .
Huntington -- like Buchanan -- claims not to be a cultural He is defending the integrity of all cultures , theirs and ours .
It 's Legal Aid 's commitment to justice .
Simpson through the tunnels of time .
The second missing benefit includes gains in environmental quality , especially improved health benefits .
well the floor was uneven you know
Other Major Museums
yes it is kind it is family and it 's fun it 's a fun thing and kids enjoy that and
You name it L.A. 's got it .
Alonissos has been settled longer than any other Aegean island , estimated by archaeologists to date from 100,000 b.c. , and was valued by many leaders in classical Greek times .
well and i i noticed since we moved down here to Texas my husband is originally from Texas but uh i 'm not and that you do n't have to have uh such a wide variety of seasonal clothes that you do up north where you have to
This time around , Lloyd believes he 's the Messiah .
There 's nobody telling that landlord to fix the property , Simmons said .
if it had rained any more in the last two weeks instead of planting Saint Augustine grass in the front yard i think i would have plowed everything under and had a rice field
The Case Study Guidelines
There are a number of expensive jewelry and other duty-free shops , all with goods priced in US dollars -LRB- duty-free goods must always be paid for in foreign currency -RRB- .
Judge Bailey was chosen because he should be looked at as the representative of all future winners .
While parents may pick up this gay semaphore , kids are n't likely to .
By seeding packs with a few high-value cards , the manufacturer is encouraging kids to buy Pokemon cards like lottery tickets .
He watched San ` doro silent in his thoughts .
You can count on me , if necessary , for one million dollars .
Why should n't he be ?
Clearly , the press has done a lousy job with its focus on behavior such as infidelity or drug use that most people do n't care about .
yeah okay you go ahead
Be sure to look around and compare before buying .
You did not understand that he believed Mademoiselle Cynthia guilty of the crime ?
She had spoken with no trace of foreign accent .
Bauerstein . ''
NOx can be transported long distances and contribute to ozone many hundreds of miles from its source .
well they 're so close to an undefeated undefeated season they can taste it and they wan na make history so i do n't think they 're gon na lack for motivation
In a still faintly Victorian atmosphere , Dinard has preserved all the best assets of a good luxury villas and long , paved promenades , plush hotels , elegant boutiques , discothyques , casino , parks and gardens , and an Olympic-size public swimming pool .
the the Iranian borders are still open uh from what i understand understand um
some of the professors i think imitate Big Bird
Even analysts who had argued for loosening the old standards , by which the market was clearly overvalued , now think it has maxed out for a while .
The remaining parts of the north , although enticing , are difficult to explore .
The pope , suggesting that Gen.
Penrith and Blencathra are also Celtic names , established during this early period of settlement .
Robust came in third among words and phrases submitted -LRB- 220 citations in the CR -RRB- , and unlike the previous two , it seems to be a genuinely new cliche ; at any rate , Chatterbox had n't previously been aware of its overuse .
Maybe I am too .
The town is also known for its sparkling wine and for the caves where about 70 per?cent of France 's cultivated mushrooms are grown .
Coast Guard rules establishing bridgeopening schedules -RRB- .
After considering comments of the Postal Service and other participants , the Commission found the proposal problematical , and declined to pursue it .
New York 's John Leonard calls Oz an ecology and anthropology of terror , not for the faint of heart or the queasy of stomach ...
However , crashing real estate prices had a domino effect on the rest of the economy , and in the early 1990s Japan slipped quickly into stagnation and then recession .
In the small marina you can eat while surrounded by expensive boats .
oh of course
Expenses included in calculating net cost for education and training programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity shall be reported as investments in human capital as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units .
In fact , European nations need to do some serious fiscal housecleaning .
um-hum um-hum um-hum yeah yeah it is i do n't know i think it 's a very interesting um discussion you know and and there 's certainly uh lots of pros and cons around it
The disorder hardly seemed to exist before the stimulant Ritalin came along .
yeah and the music and uh well it had an excellent story line Everything about it was good
oh , just about nothing .
Click Friedrich Hayek ring to go ...
From 1998 through 2000 , the federal government achieved surpluses , shifting from being a drain on net national saving to become a contributor to it .
well i i 'm doing computer science computer engineering
The commentary is chanted by a chorus of six to eight narrators -LRB- reminiscent of the chorus in Greek tragedy -RRB- who sit at the side of the stage , while musicians positioned at the back of the stage provide stark accompaniment with flute and drums .
Even though the scratch was tiny , it broke his heart and haunted him for two weeks .
so that 's that 's one of your priorities there 's got to be air has to be an automatic
Can I help you ? '
in one sense um i 'm i 'm an older person in my fifties so i feel that we 've lost some things in the sense that women have to work today
Anyway , thank you very much for trying to help us .
It is perfectly feasible to spend a fortnight in Eilat , exploring the Red Sea , lying on the beaches , journeying into the Negev Desert and never see a religious building or an archaeological site .
but like they always say you know got a good profit sharing plan just no profit
Concentration of greenhouse gases , especially CO2 , have increased substantially since the beginning of the industrial revolution .
But when he was persuaded by divers means to help us , he gave up after one week , declaring it beyond his powers .
and not only that it it opens you to phone solicitations
The analysis concluded that , because the rule relaxed the hog cholera-related restrictions imposed on the importation of live swine and prepared pork products from Sonora , Mexico , the proposed rule could have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities in the United States .
Diets for men in their prime
Was it a sudden decision on his part , or had he already made up his mind when he parted from me a few hours earlier ?
But there 's SOMETHING .
The other is retrospective and intended to help those who review case study reports to assess the quality of completed case studies .
yeah well i i started uh studying mathematics basically because i was really good at that in high school
i ripped the ligaments in my right ankle
um-hum yeah that 's very true you know how many is it they say we have so many lawyers in this country and i guess i i live near Washington being in in Baltimore it 's something like one in four people in the Washington
Unfortunately , following the vogue of conceptualism , Kentridge has entered a film in the show , , which uses animation of sketches much cruder than the ones he usually does interspersed with documentary footage from the apartheid era .
Clearly , yes .
Oh , yes , sir . Dorcas was looking very curiously at him and , to tell the truth , so was I.
2.5 Financial audits are performed under the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants ' -LRB- AICPA -RRB- generally accepted auditing standards for field work and reporting , as well as the related AICPA Statements on Auditing Standards -LRB- SASs -RRB- which interpret the standards and provide guidance on conducting such work .
Part 2 -RRB- , Confidentiality of Alcohol and Drug Abuse Patient Records .
Citing conservative critics of Brown vs.
The importer pays duties that are required by law
She gave the girl clothes and gifts and took her to her Connecticut estate for weekend pony rides , according to the Star . How was I supposed to compete with that ?
Hamon said the proposed bill has attracted a number of co-sponsors , and Legal Aid backers are hoping to get it passed in the upcoming legislative session .
My own little corner of the world , policy wonking , is an example .
Today , nothing remains except the foundations .
LSC set a deadline of October 1 , 1998 , for submission of state planning reports .
oh that 's accommodating
The Throne Room is one of a series of apartments built during the reign of Charles II , though it was originally designed as a guard room that screened entrants to the private chambers beyond .
so Eric what do you think um
you know we keep a couple hundred dollars um if that much charged on those which is n't too bad it 's just your normal
I guess history repeats itself , Jane .
Waterloo .
will never be doused -LRB- Brit Hume , Fox News Sunday ; Tony Blankley , Late Edition ; Robert Novak , Capital Gang ; Tucker Carlson , The McLaughlin Group -RRB- . The middle way is best expressed by Howard Kurtz -LRB- NBC 's Meet the Press -RRB- -- he scolds Brill for undisclosed campaign contributions and for overstretching his legal case against Kenneth Starr but applauds him for casting light on the media .
Unless the report is restricted by law or regulation , auditors should ensure that copies be made available for public inspection .
` Dave Hanson , to whom nothing was impossible . ' Well , we have a nearly impossible task : a task of engineering and building .
An important early material , obsidian , was discovered on the island of Milos .
Here you 'll see the delightful but slowly disappearing indigenous FWI costume madras turban , madras skirt over petticoat , silk peplum , white blouse , and gold earrings , bracelets , and collier-choux necklace .
George W. Bush and Bill Bradley are not talking about individual holders of wealth .
News argues that most of America 's 93 million volunteers are n't doing much good .
There 's only one thing for me to do . ''
Although , in this case the equipment did not have to be erected adjacent to an operating boiler , the erection included demolishing and erecting a complete boiler island and demolishing the existing electrostatic precipitator .
There are other reasons that wrecks cause fan excitement -- e.g.
In Texas , the ability to produce fairly stated external financial reports was only the first step in building a more effective , resultsoriented government .
it 's the very same type of paint and everything
Audit committees should not only oversee both internal and external auditors , but also be proactively involved in understanding issues related to the complexity of the business , and , when appropriate , challenge management through discussion of choices regarding complex accounting , financial reporting , and auditing issues .
so who so if you go out and you 're talking like a ten or fifteen thousand dollar vehicle and you add that sales tax on that 's a that 's a big chunk of change you have to come up with
Well , she 's found .
but i do n't know you know maybe you could do that for a certain period of time but i mean how long does that kind of a thing take you know to to um say to question the person or to get into their head
Most of the Clinton women were in their 20s at the time of their Clinton encounter
uh uh yeah that well um the older you get the more convenience you try to bring with you i guess so i 'm up to dragging the trailer around which is my next step is going to be probably Winnebago i hope if i only can afford one but that
He says men are here .
When a GAGAS attestation engagement is the basis for an auditor 's subsequent report under the AICPA standards , it would be advantageous to users of the subsequent report for the auditor 's report to include the information on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control that is required by GAGAS but not required by AICPA standards .
there 's certain times of the year of course that uh that it probably would n't do very well because of the temperature and stuff but but uh the right time of year it works pretty good
How effectively DOD manages these funds will determine whether it receives a good return on its investment .
That is , businesses commonly contract out any function that can be done by another firm at a lower cost .
I am due to speak at a meeting at two o'clock .
yeah that 's a nice place
The interim rule was reviewed by INS and EOIR under Executive Order
Extremely limited exceptions to the authority are established in 31 U.S.C.
Mack Lee , Body Servant of General Robert E. Lee Through the Civil War , published in 1918 .
You are sure that you did not in any way disclose your identity ? '' Tommy shook his head .
They 're both excited about it ...
Matches are held only intermittently , however The Calcutta Cup Match , in early April , pits the Scots against their auld enemy the English and is a great spectacle .
It does n't seem expensive -- they use it in Bangladesh , after all .
yes that i think that 's true so that makes them feel definitely like outsiders but like getting back to the their government benefits they they do have a lot of uh tax benefits
yeah and i 'll do this uh sometimes i 'll put my after I pour that into my back into my saucepan i 'll put the eggs in the same dish and beat them up and then pour the cornstarch and the milk mixture in the egg so
Slate could have put someone with a reasonable grasp of elementary finance and a balanced viewpoint in charge of writing a tax piece .
yeah well i ca n't i 'll you know i say i ca n't wait for my kids to grow up but i believe i 'm going to miss this age when they 're gone
yes that i think that 's true so that makes them feel definitely like outsiders but like getting back to the their government benefits they they do have a lot of uh tax benefits
I want you to mark him .
In Texas , the legislature was instrumental in effecting changes to the state 's benefit programs through provisions in several pieces of legislation .
Since the mid 1990s , aggregate household wealth has swelled relative to disposable personal income , largely due to increases in the market value of households ' existing assets -LRB- see figure 1.2 -RRB- .
This man claims that he has been robbed en route and is stranded without money or his plane ticket in an airport somewhere in Europe or the Middle East .
um-hum with the ice yeah
Critics call the subject of the film inherently intriguing but complain that it has been marred by the Burnsian sensibility , ...
There 's only one thing for me to do . ''
and he 's an engineer so he even came over and set it up for me and had it running for like two hundred dollars so i thought that
i understand i can imagine you all have much trouble up there with insects or
WHOLE LIFE POLICIES - Policies that provide insurance over the insured 's entire life and the proceeds -LRB- face amount -RRB- are paid only upon death of the insured .
Workers are also represented in civil rights and retaliation claims .
One large multinational corporation uses atechnical facilitators - to support its initiatives .
you know like CODA comes out of your out of your pay and the credit union comes out of your pay so we do n't have to do anything there and the rest of it as far as my salary goes i just have it automatically deposited in into our bank
Several of the individuals and organizations that we contacted also suggested that agencies move to a more consistent organization , content , and presentation of information to allow for a more common look and feel to agencies ' ITbased public participation mechanisms in rulemaking .
Using teams can also assist in integrating different perspectives , flattening organizational structure , and streamlining operations .
and maybe we 'll run across each other again
Long Bay is seven miles of sublime fine sand , gentle azure water , and cooling palm trees .
Lewis brought to the campaign the same intensity he had trained upon redneck troopers and sheriffs .
I saw that a faint streak of daylight was showing through the curtains of the windows , and that the clock on the mantelpiece pointed to close upon five o'clock .
how long has he been in his present position
Hearty Sabbath meals .
ran toward us rather slowly , like people finishing their run .
The rustic Bras-David picnic area , for example , is set alongside a burbling stream .
You wake up one bright autumn morning and you 're halfway to the subway when you decide to walk to work instead .
He celebrated the fact by announcing that the capital would be moved from Calcutta to a whole new city to be built in Delhi .
yeah well that 's the other thing you know they talk about women leaving the home and going out to work well still taking care of the children is a very important job and and someone 's got to do it and be able to do it right and
To check this , the central bank has tripled interest rates and used hard currency reserves -LRB- now reduced to $ 10 billion in ready cash -RRB- to buy back rubles .
Update on the Democratic fund-raising scandal : 1 -RRB- President Clinton said FBI agents denied him advance warning about Chinese influence-buying efforts by telling his aides to keep the information secret .
they 'll they 'll say yeah why did n't you buy why did n't you try something more mainline
Therefore , many leading finance organizations have calculated and compared these percentages as a general indication of how well they supported the organization 's business objectives .
I take it Americans have a higher opinion of morality than you have even .
Ile de R ??
On the platform stood an altar and a large stone pillar .
In the first instance , IRS would have no record of time before the person could get through to an agent and of discouraged callers .
Upriver , east of Blois , in a huge densely wooded park surrounded by 31 km -LRB- 20 miles -RRB- of high walls , the brilliant white Ceteau de Cham??bord is the most extravagant of all the royal residences in the Loire Valley .
Generally , if pH of scrubbing liquor falls below a range of 5.0 to 6.0 , additional reagent is required to maintain the reactivity of the absorbent .
In both Britain and America , the term covers nearly everybody .
The contrast between the landscape of the central highlands and the south coast could not be more marked .
I was deeply impressed by the power and eloquence of the counsel for the defence .
Traditionally , certain designs were reserved for royalty , but today elegant geometric or exuberant , stylized floral patterns are available to all .
Anwar el-Sadat succeeded Nasser in 1970 .
The central section of Tinos has little of interest , but make your way over the hills to the pretty village of Pyrgos , famed for its school of marble carving .
Then he is very sure .
In fiscal year 2000 , it reported estimated improper Medicare Fee-for-Service payments of $ 11 .
They were quite , tetanic in character . ''
We can leave them and let them die , said Thorn .
Meanwhile , critics on the left argue that because the United States failed to intervene in Rwanda , its intervention in Kosovo is morally suspect and probably racist .
you did you see that
what was the problem
... I succeeded in my false career .
Later , Tom testified against John so as to avoid the electric chair .
Oh ! I exclaimed , much relieved .
In a magical space looking out over the sea , the beautifully sculpted columns of the cloister create a perfect framework of grace and delicacy for a moment 's meditation .
i guess it 's just you know and when i think about that lady this this particular lady who wrote me a check for twelve dollars and it bounced and i sent it through you know sent it through the check through the bank once and she incurred at least a fifteen dollar fee
If all else failed , I could always make myself an exhibit .
A niche incumbent might provide delivery less frequently or to a subset of possible stops .
Barney Frank , D-Mass. , will log some of the best sound bites , while Rep.
The twenty mastic villages known collectively as mastihohoria were built by the Genoese in the 14 15th centuries .
It is also sometimes called simply Beaubourg , after the 13th-century neighborhood that surrounds it .
A profile crowns Chris Rock The Funniest Man in America .
These rules were not used extensively .
Said we was a-staying at the inn .
well no see i 'm from a town named Panhandle
Pearl Jam detractors still ca n't stand singer Eddie They say he 's unbearably self-important and limits the group 's appeal by refusing to sell out and make videos .
... I succeeded in my false career .
yeah well my uh my uh probably one of the biggest decisions i think that was very strengthened for our family was rather than have one child make that decision
This makes it incumbent on the government to create incentives to recruit new employees and retain older employees .
does does that make since to you
Lie back , and DO N'T THINK .
yeah plus uh you know look at the you know the besides the pollution the the aspect of invasion of privacy there 's a big pollution aspect too i find i throw out a lot of those flyers and i have no interest in
On the Use of Qualitative Methods in Policy A Review of Three Multi-site Studies .
Another unit was added on to the communal dwelling each time a marriage created a new family .
Tommy realized perfectly that in his own wits lay the only chance of escape , and behind his casual manner he was racking his brains furiously .
Straightened out for a while , Humayun came back in 1555 with his Persian army to recapture the Punjab , Delhi , and Agra , but the next year his opium habit caused his death -LRB- see page 64 -RRB- .
The traditional opening time for many hotels is the Orthodox Easter , although some do not open until the end of April .
No , I do n't know .
Net nonfederal saving
i mean i 'm i 'm sort of strange in a way i 'm i 'm about twenty pounds overweight and i smoke but my blood pressure is about my last reading was just the other day it was one hundred two over seventy nine
Still , it would be interesting to know . 109 Poirot looked at me very earnestly , and again shook his head .
The regime 's response of ferocious repression plus numerous other ineptitudes led to a third revolution in 1848 , with the Bonapartists , led by Napoleon 's nephew , emerging triumphant .
Should we invite these young wealthies back to our comparatively humble , small home ?
` You 've double-crossed me about four times in one afternoon .
findings , the Administrator has determined that an environmental impact statement need not be prepared .
She wears either revealing clothes or professional clothes -LRB- or perhaps both -RRB- .
Likewise , at their production decision reviews , these programs did not capture manufacturing and product reliability knowledge consistent with best practices .
For centuries , the Loire river was a vital highway between the Atlantic and the heart of France .
However , some participants cautioned that principle-based standards should not be viewed as a panacea to solve the problems with financial reporting and could lead to an undesirable situation where you would not have comparability or agreement as to the treatment of similar transactions .
is that what you ended up going into
Strange as it may seem to the typical household , capital gains on its existing assets do not contribute to saving as measured in NIPA .
It seeks genuine direct elections after a period that is sufficient to organize alternative parties and prepare a campaign based on freedom of speech and other civil rights , the right to have free trade unions , the release of more than 200 political prisoners , debt relief , stronger penalties for corruption and pollution , no amnesty for Suharto and his fellow thieves , and a respite for the poor from the hardest edges of economic reform .
Peel Edgerton .
You can alternate lazy days on the beach with some of the Medi?ter?ra?nean 's best deep-sea diving , boat excursions around pirate coves , canoeing and fishing on inland rivers , or hikes and picnics in the mountains .
He had to try something .
i agree with you but did you see the map they drew up on uh on how they were gon na divide up the districts
More than half of 800,000 native islanders are children , and the mother is traditionally responsible for bringing them up , handling the money , and making key domestic decisions .
Taking an ecumenical tack , nation officials in Chicago recently issued edicts commanding preachers to back off their anti-Semitic rhetoric .
and they just put instructors out there and you you sign up for instruction and they just give you an arm band and if you see an instructor who 's not doing anything you just tap him on the shoulder and ask him questions and they 'll show you things
Are you ready to train before our ride ? Jon asked Adrin .
I hope that our common interests will lead us to a consensus - one that will provide the country with significant benefits .
You can eat and shop in and around the once-magnificent and heavily fortified Crusader city , with its enormous ramparts and cathedral .
All-inclusive units are in villas and a great house in tropical setting overlooking Caribbean .
The H-2A worker must depart the country and is subject to deportation for failing to do so .
The tomb of Job Charnock , the Company official who founded the city of Caletta , is in the church cemetery .
you 'd be crazy if you trust them but anyway call it what is it McCarthyism no i 'm not like that i just got enough common sense that nope to you come repent make a world apology for all the wrongs that you 've done and yeah we 've done wrongs but we 've not done near the atrocities they 've done and we need to maybe do that also you know
-LSB- W -RSB- e have a book worthy of its subject -- graceful , astonishingly well researched , yet imbued with a sense of flow that is rarely achieved at this level of scholarship , says Daphne Merkin in the New York Times Book Review . -LRB- See Sarah Kerr 's review in Slate . -RRB-
it depends a lot of uh a lot of things were thought that uh as you know the farmers thought okay we got chemicals we 're putting chemicals on the field well the ground will naturally filter out the
Progressives at last are noticing that the best argument for government activism is that it works .
right well the warmth that developed between them and again it i think was a picture of relationships
He reverted to his former point of view .
The house fell into ruin after emancipation , when fear of the witch 's influence drove the plantation 's slaves away .
Neither does it include the mail sent in response to advertising .
It vibrated under his hand .
Look for the servant girl hurtled into hell for flirting with the devil .
For the next two centuries Aelia Capitolina enjoyed an innocuous history .
5 The share of gross national saving used to replace depreciated capital has increased over the past 40 years .
If ancient writings give only a romanticized view , they do offer a more precise picture of Indo-Aryan society .
We hate them because they are smarter , or more studious , or more focused than we are .
To get a wonderful view of the whole stretch of river , and to stretch your legs in a beautiful parklike setting , climb up to the Ceteau de Marqueyssac and its jardins suspendus -LRB- hanging gardens -RRB- .
yeah really no kidding
An organization 's activities , core processes , and resources must be aligned to support its mission and help it achieve its goals .
Standard print film is available in many shops in the major towns , but serious shutterbugs will want to seek out one of the following photography stores for a full range of specialist film and Abbey Photographic , 25 , Stramongate , Kendal LA9 4BH ; Tel. -LRB- 01539 -RRB- 720-085 , or The Photo Shop , North Road , Ambleside , Cumbria LA22 9 DT ; Tel. -LRB- 015394 -RRB- 34375 .
In the meantime we must send for a doctor , but before we do so , is there anything in this room that might be of value to us ? '' Hastily , the three searched .
Technological advances generally come in waves that crest and eventually subside .
well Jerry do you have a favorite team
you know things like that But i do n't follow any team i check the scores the next morning and i know how everybody 's doing and that suffices me But
` You should do the fixing . '
Tommy Thompson of Wisconsin and Mayor Rudolph Giuliani of New York , the conservative vanguard on the issue , show no inclination to exploit research that says , in effect , Why care about day-care quality ?
oh uh-huh well no they would n't would they no
And here , current history adds a major point .
The Varanasi Hindu University has an Art Museum with a superb collection of 16th-century Mughal miniatures , considered superior to the national collection in Delhi .
um i 've visited the Wyoming area i 'm not sure exactly where Dances with Wolves was filmed
saving that did not finance domestic investment would increase net foreign investment and improve the current account balance .
Never know where they wo n't turn up next .
This historically renowned freshwater lake , known both as the Sea of Galilee and Lake Kinneret -LRB- meaning a harp , after its shape -RRB- , is just 58 km -LRB- 36 miles -RRB- in circumference .
Tourist Information offices can be very helpful .
substitute my my yeah my kid 'll do uh four or five hours this week for me no problem
At that event , legal services personnel , court personnel , and other technology experts saw demonstrations by four companies on their products , and assessed their utility for preparing pro se documents .
Both professors soon realized that creating a new language was not an easy task .
Duke William returned from his conquest of England to attend the consecration of Notre-Dame in 1067 .
a 808 -LRB- 2 -RRB- only applies if the agency finds with good cause that notice and public procedure thereon are impracticable , unnecessary , or contrary to the public interest .
oh older ones too i know a few of those
Now then , Miss Tuppence , said Sir James , `` you know this place better than I do .
so i how do you feel that it should be applied
EPA estimates that 5.6 million acres of lakes , estuaries and wetlands and 43,500 miles of streams , rivers and coasts are impaired by mercury emissions .
For a half millennium or more , Madrid idled as a provincial backwater , rarely noticed on the arid central plains of Castile , until Felipe II plucked it from his royal cap in 1561 and proclaimed it the capital of Spain .
THEY ARE READY , returned Susan 's voice in the back of his mind .
Wear a nicely ventilated hat and keep to the shade in the street .
His diet was of wheaten bread ,
oh really it would n't matter if we plant them when it was starting to get warmer
Robust came in third among words and phrases submitted -LRB- 220 citations in the CR -RRB- , and unlike the previous two , it seems to be a genuinely new cliche ; at any rate , Chatterbox had n't previously been aware of its overuse .
Exhibitions are often held in the splendid entrance hall .
during the whole war he never put out like a conservation a conservation effort for oil
On your right is the entrance to the 16th-century Sandal Bedesten , with lovely brick vaults supported on massive stone pillars .
To savour the full effect of the architect 's skill , enter the courtyard through the gate which opens onto the Hippodrome .
Yes , sir .
because i always had to do it and so i just pay someone else to do it and they do the they do the cutting they fertilize they um edge and um i think this year i 'm going to have some landscaping put in
The inquiry expanded very quickly , however , from asking what technology failed to an examination of contextual influences , such as
` Pardon me for saying so , but I really do n't think this is the time for an entree , ' I said .
Second tier , but nearly as promising , are Morales of Texas , Scott Harshbarger of Massachusetts , and Dennis Vacco of New York .
In addition , special service areas are funded for two populations with special needs - Native Americans and migrant workers .
Dan Burton , in an appearance on Good Morning , America , said he had sent a letter to Attorney General Janet Reno urging her to have the FBI seize the Kuhn paperback immediately so it can be examined by its own labs .
Do n't expect to be swinging much after midnight , even in towns .
Strom Thurmond , R-S.C . , celebrated his 95 th birthday by announcing that he will relinquish the chairmanship of the Senate Armed Services Committee a year from now .
The National Association of State Information Resource Executives -LRB- NASIRE -RRB- represents state chief information officers -LRB- CIO -RRB- and information resource executives who share a mission to shape national information technology policy through collaborative partnerships , information sharing , and knowledge transfer .
The family .
In the north , the snowcapped Alps and jagged pink pinnacles of the Dolomites ; the gleaming Alpine-backed lakes of Como , Garda , and Maggiore ; the fertile and industrial plain of the Po , stretching from Turin and Milan across to ancient Verona ; the Palladian-villa studded hills of Vicenza ; and the romantic canals of Venice .
they do n't call them immigrants anymore that was back during my granddaddy 's day
He caught his breath .
Traffic , also , has been controlled , and if you 're staying here you might want to consider getting around by bicycle ; there 's no better way to explore an island that measures no more than 20 km -LRB- 121.2 miles -RRB- from end to end , one-fifth the size of Ibiza .
The H-2A worker must depart the country and is subject to deportation for failing to do so .
The street ends at Taksim Square -LRB- Taksim Meydane -RRB- , the heart of modern Istanbul , lined with luxurious five-star hotels and the glass-fronted Ataturk Cultural Centre -LRB- Ataturk Keleter Sarayy -RRB- , also called the Opera House .
4 billion for mercury .
In 1979 , he stopped at a Lexington clothing store to buy cowboy boots .
This time around , Lloyd believes he 's the Messiah .
All these sites will automatically lead into George Dubbawya 's Web site -LRB- www.georgewbush.com -RRB- .
His heels clicked together .
Their ideas and initiatives can be implemented at the local and national levels .
yeah okay you go ahead
If there was a bit of Fuller in Leonardo , there was also a bit of Liberace in this theatrical , high-living dandy who favored brocade doublets and bad boys with pretty faces .
There was no longer any when you wanted some unbridled adult fun , Las Vegas was the place to be .
New Madeirans traded sugar , the era 's dominant luxury item , with Britain and Flanders , and they proved skillful in the art of winemaking .
He bent down to study the tiny little jeweled gears .
it 's the very same type of paint and everything
and i do n't think they 've repainted since
yeah it 's definitely a way out of the way where where as
I put it to you that , wearing a suit of Mr. Inglethorp 's clothes , with a black beard trimmed to resemble his , you were there '' and signed the register in his name !
more than anything else in this day and age that 's got to be a big factor in your decision 's just the the cost of how much you 're gon na pay
3 -RRB- The gap between the productivity of women and the productivity of men .
Adrin heard of a young king in the south who fought against slavers and had an ivory skinned raven-haired swordswoman at his side .
I ca n't help but wonder if Shuger thought to ask himself a few simple questions before launching his attack -- questions such as , did Tripp ask to be moved to her current job ?
In the original , Reich is set up by his host and then ambushed by a hostile questioner named John , and when he tries to answer with an eloquent Mr. Smith speech -LRB- My fist is clenched .
17 `` Surely you are not thinking of refusing ?
Regulation M is adopted under the Securities Act , 15 U.S.C.
' I do n't know what happened , exactly . ' I said .
With him was the evil-looking Number 14 .
8 A stoichiometry of 1.03 is typical when the FGD process is producing gypsum by-product , while a stoichiometry of 1.05 is needed to produce waste suitable for a landfill .
it sure will well good to talk to
Steps are initiated to allow program board membership to reflect the clienteligible community and include representatives from the funding community , corporations and other partners .
On Naxos , you can walk through the pretty villages of the Tragea Valley and the foothills of Mount Zas , admiring Byzantine churches and exploring olive groves at your leisure .
She did not reply .
Endorphins were flowing .
The city plans to build a community center for Lincoln Place and a future fire station on the site .
I ordered Better Sexual Techniques , Advanced Sexual Techniques , Making Sex Fun , and Advanced Oral Sex Techniques -LRB- priced about $ 11 .
He walked out into the street and I followed .
Charles Geveden has introduced legislation that will increase the Access to Justice supplement on court filing fees .
I can FEEL him . ''
The Romans never really infiltrated Ibiza , and even after the defeat of Hannibal in 202 b.c. during the Second Punic War their influence was restrained .
Likewise , at their production decision reviews , these programs did not capture manufacturing and product reliability knowledge consistent with best practices .
A conventional siege was useless against such a seemingly impregnable rock , however , and with so much food and water the Zealots could not be starved into submission .
He pointed at his bald head .
You will remember my saying that it was wise to beware of people who were not telling you the truth . ''
Two is enough for a secret .
The fascinating exhibits include a section of the massive chain that the Byzantines used to stretch across the mouth of the Golden Horn to keep out enemy ships , as well as captured enemy cannon and military banners , the campaign tents from which the Ottoman sultans controlled their armies , and examples of uniforms , armour , and weapons from the earliest days of the Empire down to the 20th century .
Indeed , the Democratic counteroffensive has already begun .
GAO 's recommendations are intended to improve the economy , efficiency , and effectiveness of an agency 's operations and to improve the accountability of the federal government for the benefit of the American people .
It 's an interesting account of the violent history of modern Israel , and ends in the Scafeld Room where nine Jews were executed .
and the other thing is the cost it 's almost prohibitive to bring it to a dealer
i do n't know if you have a place there called uh or you probably have something similar we call it Service Merchandise
The South African priest who invited Clinton to do so is quoted in the paper as saying that once Clinton stood up , he was thinking about how much embarrassment it would have caused him by my saying , please sit down .
oh older ones too i know a few of those
They were so sure of themselves that they took it for granted he had made a mistake . ''
You will remember my saying that it was wise to beware of people who were not telling you the truth . ''
It 's a great novelty , but very expensive .
The village is Sainte-Marie , named by the explorer when he landed on 4 November 1493 , attracted by the waterfalls and river he could see flowing down the green inland mountains .
If necessary to meeting the restrictions imposed in the preceding sentence , the Administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the basic Phase II allowance allocations for each unit subject to the requirements of section 414 .
Should we invite these young wealthies back to our comparatively humble , small home ?
Randy 's Anecdotal Wrap-Up
yeah that 's that 's always nice when you have an animal that the kids can play with like that how old are the kids
and those are the people that you know can you rehabilitate them the some of the ones that are you know perpetual
Daniel took it upon himself to explain a few things .
According to the Natural Resources Conservation Service , this single , voluntary program will provide flexible technical , financial , and educational assistance to farmers and ranchers who face serious threats to soil , water , and related natural resources on agricultural and other lands , including grazing lands , wetlands , forest lands , and wildlife habitats .
You wonder what youre going to be when you grow up , lawyer Smith said .
I hate pigeons .
In order to ensure these Americans are not left out of the justice system , a strong federal role in supporting legal services is vital .
that 's really true a lot of it is um the color certain colors seem to be more acceptable
huh-uh the the yeah see the Taurus Show has the spoiler kit and the and the big engine and the and stuff like that
Sue me , Royko wrote .
Jerusalem was divided into east and west , under the control of Jordan and Israel respectively .
The great thing is to keep calm . '' Julius groaned .
It is also sometimes called simply Beaubourg , after the 13th-century neighborhood that surrounds it .
It was always a part of me .
The Report and Order , in large part , adopts the unanimous recommendations of the Hearing Aid Compatibility Negotiated Rulemaking Committee , an advisory committee established by the Federal Communications Commission in 1995 .
so we 're expecting our local economy to
For more than 26 centuries it has witnessed countless declines , falls , and rebirths , and today continues to resist the assaults of brutal modernity in its time-locked , color-rich historical center .
Since the rules were issued as interim rules and not as general notices of proposed rulemaking , they are not subject to the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 .
no i i just painted
Do n't you remember ? Today we 're going to auntie Basia 's birthday party . '
oh i believe that uh mine would say the same uh but uh i seem too rely on them too much
so who so if you go out and you 're talking like a ten or fifteen thousand dollar vehicle and you add that sales tax on that 's a that 's a big chunk of change you have to come up with
Such parties may include
They are n't breaking any promises if they decide to take their ball and go home .
It can be done , he said at last .
83 At that point , Poirot nudged me gently , indicating two men who were sitting together near the door .
i think we have too thank you very much you too bye-bye
From the inventories of the initiatives they developed in response to our request , we asked agency officials to identify those agency components and initiatives that , in their view , had successfully involved and empowered employees .
They greeted her and she smiled shyly back .
The cane plantations , increasingly in the hands of American tycoons , found a ready market in the US .
There is a roller coaster up there as well , but experienced riders consider it too slow and uneventful despite the altitude .
The burden of his spiritual functions as high priest of Shinto and the tasks of administration led the emperor to welcome an early abdication , frequently to retire to a life of Buddhist meditation and scholarship .
` Not entirely , ' I snapped , harsher than intended .
In the 1980s , and as late as 1994 , a major Republican theme was a sort of taunting , nyah-nyah populism .
But overinterpretation or even misinterpretation are not the same as bias .
After three days of using the gel , my mouth has returned to its familiar self .
Sandstone and granite were the materials used to build the Baroque church of Bom Jesus , famous for its casket of St. Francis Xavier 's relics in the mausoleum to the right of the altar .
Look here , you 've been asking me a lot of questions .
At the top of the hill is the imposing medieval fortress of Kadifekale .
Because the paper did not say that .
actually i think abortion 's going to take a turn where there 's not going to be as many because i think contraceptives are going to be more popular i mean i realize that they are popular now but i think
Cases in Comparative
Because of the casualties , Lind says , the United States would eventually have had to leave Vietnam anyway .
Supreme Court agreed Monday to hear a Washington case challenging the widespread practice of pooling client money held by lawyers and using the interest to pay for legal services for the poor .
If the company makes money on the policy , other insurers are expected to follow .
With an area of just 541 sq km -LRB- 209 sq miles -RRB- , it is slightly smaller than the Isle of Man or twice Martha 's Vineyard in Massachusetts .
Lucy screamed , I 've got to know .
When he 's ready for a major strike , how many innocents do you suppose are going to suffer ? To quote one of your contemporaries ; ` The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few . ' '
As he stepped across the threshold , Tommy brought the picture down with terrific force on his head .
Oh my God , I 'm actually intimidated by a Simulacra .
From the corner of his eye he saw Jamus look over the broken mare .
Our review indicates that the Food and Drug Administration complied with the applicable requirements .
and maybe we 'll run across each other again
Ricky Martin was filming his triumphant return to the gay porn industry .
There is an exhibition of highland dress , showing how it developed through the centuries .
experiencing cost growth , manufacturing problems with test aircraft , and testing delays .
Write , write , and write .
What changed ?
no it did n't
uh but you could fill a whole bunch of uh holes with these things i used to i used to advertise buying wheat pennies um i 'd give a dollar a roll which two cents a piece which is basically overpriced
they take the football serious
right after the war
The dramatic cliffs of the Serra de Tramuntana mountain range hug the coastline of the entire northwest and north , from Andratx all the way to the Cape of Formentor .
North of Mytilini , stop at the village of Moria , where you will find the remains of a huge Roman aqueduct surrounded by grazing goats .
Joseph Lister pioneered the use of carbolic acid to keep wounds clean , and James Young Simpson experimented with chloroform as an anesthetic .
Corroborating evidence is independent evidence that supports information in the database .
The only comprehensible explanation is that the vocation that had burrowed in next to medicine had taken control , had insisted .
Chatterbox queried Trudeau about the Dallas Morning News quote .
I touched my palm to his mutilated cheek , and tried to stem my instinctive revulsion .
And the trunk ? Big ? Mother asked again to keep up appearances .
Clinton used a floor mop to clean up the dirt he had tracked onto the shiny floor of an elementary school .
To reach any of the three Carbet falls , you must continue walking after the roads come to an end for 20 minutes , 30 minutes , or two hours respectively .
I should put it this way .
These alone could have valuable uses .
Last year , Arafat cracked down on Hamas after a string of bombings in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem , arresting more than 1,200 suspected terrorists , destroying Hamas safe houses , and confiscating its weapons caches .
Not surprisingly , then , Fannie Mae 's public-relations operation is unparalleled in Washington .
now that 's a good idea
It was worth the trip for that .
` Wait here , ' I was ordered .
Diamonds are graded from D to X , with only D , E , and F considered good , D being colorless or river white , J slightly tinted , Q light yellow , and S to X yellow .
The last thing we want is any more attention or any more bounty hunters .
For a review of the literature , see William G. Gale and John Sabelhaus , Perspectives on the Household Saving Rate , Brookings Papers on Economic Activity -LRB- 1:1999 -RRB- , pp. 181-224 .
Unless the mention of the Ritz was an accidental remark ? ''
These gardens used to belong to the governor 's mountain lodge , but the building was demolished by the Japanese during the occupation of Hong Kong .
She had the pathetic aggression of a wife or mother -- to Bunt there was no difference .
away from the children
-LRB- Hypothetical data for this example are given in table 2.2 . -RRB-
my goodness it 's hard to believe i did n't think there was anybody in the country who had n't seen that one
He threw one of them and shot the other .
Exhibit 3 presents total national emissions of NOx and SO2 from all sectors , including power .
It spoke of thousands of years , even before the times of the old empire .
After the execution of Guru Tegh Bahadur , his son , Guru Gobind Singh , exalted the faithful to be ever ready for armed defense .
8 million in relief in the form of emergency housing .
I had an additional reason for that belief in the fact that all the cups found contained sugar , which Mademoiselle Cynthia never took in her coffee .
The m ?? tro -LRB- subway -RRB- is the fastest way to move around the city , but the buses , both in the capital and the other big towns , are best for taking in the sights .
' I do n't suppose you could forget I ever said that ? '
For example , if Ovitz 's five-year deal was worth , say , $ 100 million , and if the compensation committee had added to that a front-end grant of free Disney shares worth , say , $ 50 million , then -- assuming that Ovitz finished his five-year contract period -- the cost to Disney would be $ 150 million .
You wonder whether he could win a general election coming out of the right lane of the Democratic Party .
Most of the dances are suggestive of ancient courtship rituals , with the man being forceful and arrogant , the woman shyly flirtatious .
As discussed in section 1 , personal saving is the amount of aggregate disposable personal income left over after personal spending on goods and services .
Jon replaced Susan 's cloak with a white robe and a head scarf , also quite dirty .
Under the default method , eighty percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances available for allocation each year will be allocated to Acid Rain Program units with coal as their primary or secondary fuel or residual oil as their primary fuel , listed in the Administrator 's Emissions Scorecard 2000 , Appendix B -LRB- 2000 Data for SO2 , NOx , CO2 , Heat Input , and Other Parameters -RRB- , Table B1 -LRB- All 2000 Data for All Units -RRB- .
um-hum they have socialized socialized health care
In the summer , the Sultan 's Pool , a vast outdoor amphitheatre , stages rock concerts or other big-name events .
Do you trust me , Uncle?Gauve hesitated .
A new guideline , for example , may tell us to send heart surgery patients home earlier .
Intifada to the Present
The materials then are searched for counterevidence and subsidiary or branching paths are laid out .
She seemed so different ''
1 -RRB- FBI intelligence files indicate that Democratic fund-raiser Maria Hsia has been a Chinese agent .
INTEREST RATE - The price charged per unit of money borrowed per year , or other unit of time , usually expressed as a percentage .
The Congress also told LSC that it could not continue to fund its grantees presumptively and that it must begin to distribute its funds on a competitive basis .
Cornwall Beach , another private beach with perfect sand and sheltered waters , can be found behind the Jamaica Tourist Office building , a short distance east along Gloucester Avenue .
Though prehistoric remains from the Paleolithic , Neolithic , and Bronze Ages have been unearthed in the Manzanares Valley , prior to Madrid 's sudden elevation to capital city in 1561 its history was rather undistinguished .
Also , under credit reform , the credit subsidy cost is recorded as an outlay when a direct or guaranteed loan is disbursed .
You will also see hippie-made jewellery on sale , especially at the market in Punta Arab? .
Kyoto 's kabuki troupe performs in December and Osaka 's in May .
Marriage is an important institution .
Interesting Conflict Over Conflict of Interest
i spent a number of years in the service as an intelligence analyst
Kom Ombo is an unusual temple in that it is dedicated to two gods .
She hates me . ''
Whether a government postal service can engage in these kinds of negotiations deserves serious study .
you know things like that But i do n't follow any team i check the scores the next morning and i know how everybody 's doing and that suffices me But
3 Accordingly , auditors performing financial audits need to be proficient in applying the AICPA standards and guidance contained in the SASs .
More detailed implementation plans also will be necessary to address business system , processes , and resource issues .
According to Jane Langmuir , director of the project , water and heat come together and create a totally new appliance .
yeah the the i mean people like that are crazy i did a study on it though when i was in high school it was one of these things we had to pick a topic to to investigate and at that time i do n't think it 's like that any more but at that time uh it was very unfair capital punishment was a lot more common and if you tended and it tended to be that if you were ignorant or if you were a foreigner or if you were black or any minority for that matter the chances your chances of of uh getting the death penalty were you know like hundreds of times greater than if you could just communicate well i mean you did n't have to be um you did n't even necessarily have to be white but if you could just communicate and you could come across in the court room with some kind of um
yeah i 've always threatened to take lessons but i 've never gotten around to it
This breakdown of PA-Israeli cooperation is the basis for the Israeli complaint that Arafat is culpable for last week 's Jerusalem bombing .
What idiots girls are !
The tents had been burned , but there was a new building where the main tent had been .
The central porch is still intact , depicting Jesus 's entry into Jerusalem , the Crucifixion , and other scenes from the Bible .
I will practice The Look on old French ladies who are happy to have any old look at all , I say , and then , as I get the hang of it , move gradually into the big leagues .
To savour the full effect of the architect 's skill , enter the courtyard through the gate which opens onto the Hippodrome .
it gets it
From here it 's all through the charming hillside village of Saint-Claude , with its upper-income homes , and on toward the summit or as far as the gendarmes are allowing traffic to proceed that day .
Standard screens may not perform as well in these patient subgroups that may represent a considerable part of the ED population .
In addition , the senior executives at these organizations demonstrated their sustained commitment to financerelated improvement initiatives by using key business/line managers to drive improvement efforts , attending key meetings , ensuring that the necessary resources are made available , and creating a system of rewards and incentives to recognize those who support improvement initiatives .
Britons , however , trumpet their poet laureate as worthy of the ranks of Blake , Keats , Hardy and Auden -LRB- the Times of London -RRB- .
It hopes to bring on another 25 or 35 people when the new building opens next fall .
The majority of the agencies that responded appreciated GAO 's initiative to develop the protocols and said that they were comprehensive and provided a framework for meaningful communication .
Not surprisingly , then , Fannie Mae 's public-relations operation is unparalleled in Washington .
yeah right uh-huh that 's right yeah you you have to work on you really do
yeah i do remember that and uh i remember as a kid my parents watching the Ed Sullivan Show that was really the big deal in our household was the Ed Sullivan Show yeah i guess i guess it was a Saturday night and i went to see the movie The Doors a couple of days ago and they had this scene
Do not talk .
They are levied through the power of the Government to compel payment , and the person or entity that pays these fees does not receive anything of value from the Government in exchange .
This formal Review Process guarantees representatives of every designated state planning body the right to direct communication with LSC officials at the highest level in seeking reconsideration of an LSC decision .
... I saw that I must lead two lives .
but we 're taking our time we 're going uh try to make our decision by July
Tell me , how did those scribbled words on the envelope help you to discover that a will was made yesterday afternoon ? '' Poirot smiled .
Like the Japanese , Chinese , and Portuguese before them , many of the new peoples would stay on in Hawaii , adding to the ethnic and racial mix that has become a hallmark of the islands .
right right they left a woman and a child or the cat the sheep yeah
`` An egg has got to hatch , '' he said .
The experiment lasted only until Ahkenaten 's death when almost all records relating to the King were destroyed .
Explanation building is the inverse starting with the observations , the evaluator develops a picture of what is happening and why .
Other functional components of the Postal Service are presumed here not to exhibit significant scale economies , although this has not been demonstrated .
what do you think about uh about our new governor since she happens to be a female
yes that i think that 's true so that makes them feel definitely like outsiders but like getting back to the their government benefits they they do have a lot of uh tax benefits
Matches are held only intermittently , however The Calcutta Cup Match , in early April , pits the Scots against their auld enemy the English and is a great spectacle .
So many seemingly contrary and opposing factors combine to make it unique .
David Cope , a professor of music at the University of California at Santa Cruz , claims to have created a 42 nd Mozart symphony .
Upon commencement of commercial operation of each new utility unit under subpart 1 of part B , the unit shall comply with the requirements of subsection -LRB- a -RRB- -LRB- 1 -RRB- .
The second half of the book dealt with the use of the true name .
And these are tough times for reviewers in general .
well Jerry do you have a favorite team
him ? '' she asked .
More works can be seen in the museum attached to the cathedral -LRB- admission is around 100 pe?setas -RRB- .
At the least , he was hired in an attempt to influence administration China policy .
Update on the Democratic fund-raising scandal : 1 -RRB- President Clinton said FBI agents denied him advance warning about Chinese influence-buying efforts by telling his aides to keep the information secret .
Their rights have been the source of conflicts in the central government .
The researchers found expected stresses like the loss of a check in the mail and the illness of loved ones .
-LSB- W -RSB- e have a book worthy of its subject -- graceful , astonishingly well researched , yet imbued with a sense of flow that is rarely achieved at this level of scholarship , says Daphne Merkin in the New York Times Book Review . -LRB- See Sarah Kerr 's review in Slate . -RRB-
in our town of five thousand we have one that is uh local FM AM station and their news is fed from CNN too uh it 's more of uh
In my Crossfire days , I was patronized even by Sam Donaldson .
Gordon , Robert J. Does the ` New Economy ' Measure Up to the Great Inventions of the Past .
Any point you failed to win by rigging the questions and categories can be cleaned up in the executive summary -LRB- the pollster 's spin -RRB- and the press release and news conference -LRB- the client 's spin on the pollster 's spin -RRB- .
Each individual 's survival curve , or the probability of surviving beyond a given age , should shift as a result of an environmental quality improvement .
Many users commented on the effectiveness of the new technology in promoting closer relationships among providers .
i do n't know how what it would take to be come up with a true perfect system or if one exists but
The final rule was determined to be an economically significant regulatory action by the Office of Management and Budget and was approved by OMB as complying with the requirements of the Order on March 26 , 1998 .
they ought to take all them little misdemeanor people let them go let them go
This points to a final press-friendly quality of McCain ' brilliant flattery .
what do you think about uh about our new governor since she happens to be a female
They encourage us to indulge ourselves , and they exhort us to worry about our competence at work .
Criminal discovered in last chapter .
Shoot only the ones that face us , Jon had told Adrin .
NIPA had already recognized mineral exploration as investment , and in 1996 , NIPA reclassified government purchases of plant and equipment as investment .
Be forewarned that the download takes quite a while via modem .
it 's neat when you think about how she wrote it and stuff otherwise the lyrics are kind of
Don Saunders attended from the NLADA .
The flame or whatever it was had enough heat , but it was hard to control .
they do n't call them immigrants anymore that was back during my granddaddy 's day
I like ethnic humor .
DOD 's common practice for managing this environment has been to create aggressive risk reduction efforts in its programs .
A member of the only student-run chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union in New York state , Zelon worked to resolve disputes between students and police officers to help protect the public 's right to peaceful protest .
He unleashed a 16-day reign of terror that left 300 Madeirans dead , stocks of sugar destroyed , and the island plundered .
What 's truly striking , though , is that Jobs has never really let this idea go .
Children will enjoy the little steam train that loops around the bay to Le Crotoy in the summer .
I must n't keep you .
To their good fortune , he 's proving them right .
Sit down , will you ? '' Tuppence sat down on the chair facing him .
we have tickets waiting for us
Today it is the effects of pollution that are taking their toll on Agra 's monuments .
While the NIPA measure reflects how government saving affects national saving available for investment , the unified budget measure is the more common frame of reference for discussing federal fiscal policy issues .
He pointed at his bald head .
yeah although i do worry that how easy this one was might be a bad lesson uh to the to the younger people um you know than there is the other generation
Several of the organizations had professional and administrative staffs that provided analytical capabilities and facilitated their members ' participation in the organization 's activities .
I see , said Tuppence thoughtfully .
is there still that type of music available
i do n't know if you have a place there called uh or you probably have something similar we call it Service Merchandise
As a result of the comments received , AMS changed the proposed rule and it was republished for comment in March 2000 .
I do n't know what I would have done without Legal Services , said James .
Oh my God , I 'm actually intimidated by a Simulacra .
INTEREST RATE - The price charged per unit of money borrowed per year , or other unit of time , usually expressed as a percentage .
5 -RRB- The Democrats are reaping what they sowed -LRB- after torturing Robert Bork , John Tower , and Clarence Thomas -RRB- .
At the pictures the crooks always have a restoorant in the Underworld .
but uh that has been the major change that we have noticed in gardening and that 's about the extent of what we 've done just a little bit on the patio and uh and waiting for the the rain to subside so we can mow we after about a month we finally got to mow this weekend
and i use a one of those black soaker hoses that actually oozes water every where so i lace it up and down there a couple of times and i only have to water about two hours a week
you know it took away a lot of of time from them we did go out to you know to the places that you typically take children to and we had a lot of fun but it seems as though the time went by so fast that
3 It should be noted that the toxicity -LRB- LC50 -RRB- of a sample observed in a range-finding test may be significantly different from the toxicity observed in the follow-up chronic definitive test -LRB- 1 -RRB- the definitive test is longer ; and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the test may be performed with a sample collected at a different time , and possibly differing significantly in the level of toxicity .
I will practice The Look on old French ladies who are happy to have any old look at all , I say , and then , as I get the hang of it , move gradually into the big leagues .
One possible explanation is that surging household wealth in recent years contributed to the virtual disappearance of personal saving .
My own little corner of the world , policy wonking , is an example .
' She gets a little obsessive about her sauce .
Gordon , Robert J. Does the ` New Economy ' Measure Up to the Great Inventions of the Past .
senior management oversight and approval ofRequired acquisition objectives and plans .
Previously , at the request of the Republican Ranking Minority Member of the House Committee on Government Operations , GAO reviewed activities of President Clintonas Task Force on Health Care Reform and was provided with an extensive listing of working group participants drawn from the government and from outside organizations .
Jamaican music ska and , especially , reggae has since the 1970s been exported and enjoyed around the world .
because then they 'll or you have a prescription
did oh they 're they are everywhere they
Harlem was our first permanent office , he said .
uh and i think even Electric Light Orchestra had some some real um influences by classical music and i 'm still still my favorite in fact most of my CDs that i got are classical music
Three more days went by in dreary inaction .
Friendly staff .
He grimaced at his own doubts .
The key question may be not what Hillary knew but when she knew it .
We 've been a couple of mutts , who 've bitten off a bigger bit than they can chew .
yeah exactly right it really is because they 're gon na get them one way or another they will always have a way look at drugs they always have a way to get that so
At 60 cents , it 's a bargain !
and uh the whole organization was targeting to replace whole life policies with a term life with annuity an annuity and uh
Also , Time claims that for the past year , the FBI has been seeking Robert Jacques , a possible accomplice to Timothy McVeigh in the Oklahoma City bombing .
Up here , gazing out at strikingly lush mountains , you may find yourself higher than the clouds , which adds to the extraordinarily eerie atmosphere of the place .
It profiles a new kind of office superstore-cum-hotel that sells generic office space to lonely telecommuters .
The levadas were largely built by slave laborers from Africa , whose primary employment was on sugar plantations .
The purpose of this paper is to analyze rural delivery costs and compare them with city delivery costs .
As a result , their services may be more effective when conducted in the emergency department environment .
and uh well if you if you got got him a power mower it 'd probably take him a lot less time to do it but i enjoy doing it i feel good doing it uh i i feel a lot better doing it with a power mower with that with a with a pull tractor on it so i do n't have to push so hard
yeah i can believe that
Big Game Fishing and Boat Trips .
It is really a matter of waiting . ''
Game-trackers will be out by this time in an attempt to locate the tiger 's hunting ground for the evening safari .
Around the year 1400 , fighting over the island of Singapore drove the Srivijaya prince Parameswara to seek refuge up the peninsula coast with his orang laut pirate friends in their small fishing village of Melaka .
It must be a difficult situation for you all .
If the collecting entity transfers the nonexchange revenue to the General Fund or another entity , the amount is accounted for as a custodial activity by the collecting entity .
Keep young skins safe by covering them with sunblock or a T-shirt , even when in the water .
The first installment of the Star Wars Trilogy Special Edition opened in theaters everywhere .
you know they they like what they 're doing they you know they feel good about what they 're doing that type of thing it 's more
Diamonds are graded from D to X , with only D , E , and F considered good , D being colorless or river white , J slightly tinted , Q light yellow , and S to X yellow .
There was food for all , and houses had been conjured hastily to shelter the people .
67 through .67 d , provide a mechanism for limiting the issues on which a trial-type hearing is required ; allow the Postal Service to explain the unavailability of data that would otherwise have to be filed ; and provide for data collection for the duration of the experiment .
my goodness it 's hard to believe i did n't think there was anybody in the country who had n't seen that one
This was used for ceremonial purposes , allowing statues of the gods to be carried to the river for journeys to the west bank , or to the Luxor sanctuary .
What am I to do with them afterwards ? ''
iii Program Letter 1998-1 , published on February 12 , 1998 , called upon all LSC recipients to analyze any progress made toward the development of the legal services model envisioned by state planners .
This call to play fortuneteller is not easily refused .
Long ago -- or away , or whatever -- there was a world called Thar ?? and another called Erath .
Great mistake to say too much .
Could you please speak to this issue , with regard to the social ramifications of gum chewing in public ?
' I do n't know what happened , exactly . ' I said .
I could 've afforded a much swankier , up-town place - or at least , a slightly swankier , mid-town place - but all that space would just encourage me to clutter .
I am not .
The sacred is not mysterious to her .
-LRB- For more information on BLM 's senior executive performance plans , see app .
I am a lacto-vegetarian .
right yeah that 's it 's always handy to have that that credit card for whatever it is that you might need it for
You 're all right now .
You will also see hippie-made jewellery on sale , especially at the market in Punta Arab? .
It 's come back ? cried Julius excitedly .
The media focused on Liggett 's admissions of the obvious -- that cigarettes are addictive and cause cancer and heart disease -- and its agreement to pay the states a quarter of its -LRB- relatively small -RRB- pretax profits for the next 25 years .
that was good and Poland yeah and i 've done some of those yeah i like i like things that are those are a few of the ones i can take of his i like it when they actually are giving you information in a novel format i guess would be the
yeah i think i 'll probably just have to go with one of those splint braces or something
Most produce is locally grown , with some from the restaurant 's own organic garden .
uh unemployment runs approximately six percent
A stable funding level not only supports GAO 's strong return on investment of $ 57 for every $ 1 spent , it creates the environment necessary to recruit , retain , compensate , train and motivate a strong and capable workforce .
actually i listened to one time i remember it 's this is back when rap even uh i would say about ten or fifteen years ago i
The baby 's father responded by filing a wrongful death suit .
Each of them was as tough as a thick tree and loyal to the death .
oh hum well uh i have n't for some reason have never really gotten enthused about football in the summer from from the the World League
and the wind started blowing and it was one of my earlier trips to be really out in the middle of
Under Deng Xiaoping , Beijing actively sought to cultivate a good bilateral relationship .
What 's more , there is no evidence of any competitive evaluation of Tripp before she was offered this job .
Trays can be found in all sizes and those with a wooden stand make wonderful portable tables for the home .
To reach Old Cairo take the Nile River Bus from the jetty near the Ramses Hilton hotel ; it will drop you at the terminus of Masr El-Qadeema ; or take the Cairo metro line 1 to Mari Girgis Station .
i 've yeah i 've done it before and when i was in high in high school and college and thoroughly enjoyed it and and it 's really a a blast my wife hates it but that 's the way life is i guess
The data would be presented as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the consolidated financial statements of the Federal Government but not in individual reports of its component units .
Paper goods .
The WP says that the Paula Jones trial judge has had an interesting prior run-in with Bill Clinton .
Both professors soon realized that creating a new language was not an easy task .
British action would n't have mattered .
MC2000-2 , was initially considered and recommended by the Commission under the market test rules .
However , the specific approaches to executing those principles tended to differ among the various sectors .
So is the salt , drying in the huge , square pans at Las Salinas in the south .
Respondents to the Board 's question on whether the alternatives of presenting costs of Federal mission PP & amp
We make simulacra out of mandrakes -- like the manicurist in the barber shop .
There is no tradition of clothes criticism that includes serious analysis , or even of costume criticism among theater , ballet , and opera critics , who do have an august writerly heritage .
Ca ` daan 's mouth hung open .
Venice and its Repubblica Serena rebounded to turn to the mainland , extending its Veneto territory from Padua across the Po valley as far as Bergamo .
Dinghies are available for hire from the marinas at Tel Aviv , Jaffa , Akko , Netanya , and Nahariya .
we were talking . Try to behave
oh , just about nothing .
`` The summons was only for Dave Hanson , '' Ser Perth said sternly as the three drew up to him .
A silver revolver .
As of last week he charges $ 50 an hour minimum instead of $ 25 for the services of his yearling Northern Utah Legal Aid Foundation .
Cultural transitions of major organizations are never easy to accomplish , and I would certainly not claim that it will be easy for GAO .
The volumes are available again but wo n't be returned to the stacks until the damp library itself gets renovated .
To check this , the central bank has tripled interest rates and used hard currency reserves -LRB- now reduced to $ 10 billion in ready cash -RRB- to buy back rubles .
But the state does arguably have an interest , compatible with the First Amendment , in stipulating the way those media are used , and Fiss ' discussion of those issues is the least aggravating in his book .
13 Executive Effectively Implementing the Government Performance and Results Act -LRB- GAO/GGD -96 -118 , June 1996 -RRB- .
These aliens may seek legal assistance at any time during the year , although limited English ability and lack of knowledge of rights and procedures may provide obstacles to seeking and obtaining representation .
but i think a lot of kids it 's funny get the same kind of fears like there 's somebody under the bed
Are you sure ?
That story remains to be told .
Indeed , 58 percent of Columbia/HCA 's beds lie empty , compared with 35 percent of nonprofit beds .
The call is coming from inside the house !
that 's neat just supervised more or less than anything and security i guess for them
He charged Jon , knife high .
i quit i quit drinking at oh a long time ago quit drinking i did n't smoke i do n't smoke i gave everything up so i guess i do n't know what just old age i guess is why i
For example , a case study of the effectiveness of a job training program might need to take into account general economic trends , such as unemployment rates in the community .
He also has a private practice .
If I had chosen to be an actor , I should have been the greatest actor living !
Suddenly she started , and her face blanched .
REESTIMATE - Refers to estimates of the subsidy costs performed subsequent to their initial estimates made at the time of a loan 's disbursement .
The average MLS ticket costs a mere $ 13 , one-third the price of an NHL or NBA ticket .
These are issues that we wrestle with in practice groups of law firms , she said .
Be of good cheer ,
It 's come back ? cried Julius excitedly .
Today it is possible to walk through the old agora -LRB- marketplace -RRB- and stroll along Roman roads .
He loved her .
In kampung workshops you can watch fantastic birds and butterflies being made of paper -LRB- and increasingly , nowadays , of plastic , too -RRB- drawn over strong , flexible bamboo frames .
The movie does n't come to much , though .
Extensive documentation of the IPM is available at / / www.epa.gov/airmarkets/epa-ipm/index.html .
they eat a lot of it you know you can take your vitamins and she was telling me to take zinc so anyway i 've been taking enough zinc you know to kill a horse probably i hope it does n't hurt me but anyway i did read one chapter of that
They drive it around the country in a dilapidated ice-cream truck trying to keep it cool .
If she did n't like her restaurant so much , the woman 'd be high-up in Applied by now .
Friendly Fire , by Joe Lovano and Greg Osby -LRB- Blue Note Records -RRB- .
Sun Ra 's spaceships did not come , as it were , out of nowhere .
okay movies i 've i have n't seen too many lately i have kids and we went and saw The Rescuers Down Under over the the break do do you have kids you take to movies or
Ah , triple pig !
The island has a long history ; its marble deposits were coveted around the ancient world .
they just did n't watch him on TV
and oh okay and then went to Colorado
From Port-Louis all the way down Grande Terre 's west coast to Pointe Pitre there extend vast mangrove swamps .
My last afternoon in Louisian was supposed to be no different - but the hotel room was small and claustrophobic , and I was utterly bored .
You will learn later that the person who usually poured out Mrs. Inglethorp 's medicine was always extremely careful not to shake the bottle , but to leave the sediment at the bottom of it undisturbed .
They wo n't be killing off George Clooney 's character at ER like they did to Jimmy Smits at NYPD . Instead , Dr. Doug Ross is being forced out over the next two episodes because the maverick heartthrob gives an unauthorized painkiller to a terminally ill boy -LRB- Thursday , 10 p.m. -RRB- .
Beyond the Quantitative Cul-de - A Qualitative Perspective on Youth Employment Programs .
You and your friends are not welcome here , said Severn .
The Palace of Jahangir is built around a square court with arches .
At the least , he was hired in an attempt to influence administration China policy .
Today it is lined with shipyards , factories , and industrial development , and its waters are badly polluted .
The levadas were largely built by slave laborers from Africa , whose primary employment was on sugar plantations .
But if you take it seriously , the anti-abortion position is definitive by definition .
Two separate , exhaustive shots posted simultaneously ?
For more than 26 centuries it has witnessed countless declines , falls , and rebirths , and today continues to resist the assaults of brutal modernity in its time-locked , color-rich historical center .
He asserted that the area was blessed with the highest concentration of exactly those natural features that , when combined , create the most pleasing and relaxing vistas possible landscapes composed of lakes representing the source of life in water , trees offering the promise of shelter , smooth areas providing easy walking and a curved shoreline or path in the distance to stimulate curiosity .
Slate could have put someone with a reasonable grasp of elementary finance and a balanced viewpoint in charge of writing a tax piece .
In fiscal year 2000 , it reported estimated improper Medicare Fee-for-Service payments of $ 11 .
A Newsday story on this incident reports that , Toobin said through a Random House spokesman ...
Audit committees should not only oversee both internal and external auditors , but also be proactively involved in understanding issues related to the complexity of the business , and , when appropriate , challenge management through discussion of choices regarding complex accounting , financial reporting , and auditing issues .
I put it to you that you did do so ?
The agencies requesting guidance on internal controls when implementing fast pay have also designed procedures to verify receipt and acceptance of goods ordered on an afterthefact sampling basis rather than on the basis of a 100percent postpayment verification as is traditionally done .
The Washington Post called it the culmination of a six-month game of political chicken .
And truly , the father was right , his son had already experienced everything , tried everything , and was interested in less and less .
In keeping with other early Buddhist tenets , there is no figurative representation of Buddha here , However , there is a large gilded statue from a later period inside , and behind the temple are the spreading branches and trunks of the sacred Bodhi Tree , which is said to have grown from a sapling of the first one that stood here 2,500 years ago .
No , Dave Hanson , you were too important to us for that .
The Department of Labor 's interim rule is adopted pursuant to the authority contained in Section 707 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act -LRB- Pub .
The most important directions are simply up and up leads eventually to the cathedral and fortress commanding the hilltop , and down inevitably leads to one of three gates through the wall to the new town .
You can alternate lazy days on the beach with some of the Medi?ter?ra?nean 's best deep-sea diving , boat excursions around pirate coves , canoeing and fishing on inland rivers , or hikes and picnics in the mountains .
So it was n't Missenhardt 's singing -- marvelous though that was -- that made Osmin 's rantings so thrilling .
Rouen is the ancient center of Normandy 's thriving textile industry , and the place of Joan of Arc 's martyrdom ' a national symbol of resistance to tyranny .
Puppet Shows .
But there 's SOMETHING .
Even the most aged and infirm travel here to die , for nothing is more blessed for a devout Hindu than to die in the great waters of the Varanasi and thus be released from the eternal cycle of rebirth .
but uh i 've always enjoyed uh the train and you know fooling with it and all
The Santa Monica Pier is the coastal setting for the Twilight Dance Series , a selection of free summer concerts arranged each year .
To some critics , the mystery is n't , as Harris suggests , how women throughout history have exploited their sexual power over men , but how pimps like him have come away with the profit .
The arches that flank the nave are filled with tiers of columns and the walls with windows , while the arches above the entrance and the apse are backed by semi-domes , further increasing the interior space .
More reserved and remote but a better administrator and financier than his uncle , Charles Brooke imposed on his men his own austere , efficient style of life .
and uh it may be a Mexican pizza sometimes both together um along with and see it which is really funny too you know normally she goes straight for vegetables except when she 's having French fries
Is n't a woman 's body her most personal property ?
right right they left a woman and a child or the cat the sheep yeah
No . I guess I 'm going too .
The purpose of the Self-Inspection process was to provide programs a means to verify , by reviewing a sample of cases , that their 1999 CSR data satisfies LSC 's standards for accuracy .
He leaned over Tommy , his face purple with excitement .
This testing of the marketplace may range from written or telephone contacts with knowledgeable federal and non-federal experts regarding similar or duplicate requirements and the results of any market test recently undertaken , to the more formal sources-sought announcements in pertinent publications -LRB- e.g.
We have done that spectacularly .
The interior of the palace is very dark , and the use of flash is forbidden , so photographers should think twice before paying the extra fee for bringing in a camera or video equipment .
The results of even the most well designed epidemiological studies are characterized by this type of uncertainty , though well-designed studies typically report narrower uncertainty bounds around the best estimate than do studies of lesser quality .
Standard print film is available in many shops in the major towns , but serious shutterbugs will want to seek out one of the following photography stores for a full range of specialist film and Abbey Photographic , 25 , Stramongate , Kendal LA9 4BH ; Tel. -LRB- 01539 -RRB- 720-085 , or The Photo Shop , North Road , Ambleside , Cumbria LA22 9 DT ; Tel. -LRB- 015394 -RRB- 34375 .
The younger girl ran screaming to her .
so it 's sociology
Still , commercial calculation is n't sufficient to explain his stand .
But I guess I can take it we were wrong , pursued Julius .
Good sir , Jon began .
well that 's good that 's great
Dinosaurs poked around the remains ; twitchy little scavengers , fighting over scraps .
i bet it was that they do that you know they they have kittens out there in the garage or out in the barn and the first time you try to get around the kittens you know it 's you 'd have to catch them with a uh a fish net or something because they scamper away so quick
Hardly catering to locals , Universal Citys Cityalk attempts to snag tourist dollars with its extensive collection of retail wonders , including magic shops , toy stores , sports shops , and a host of science fiction memorabilia .
The ITC has enlisted legal services attorneys from across the state to manage each of the 12 categories , and those volunteers will organize contributions and add them to a searchable database .
Ca ` daan heard the Kal grunt and felt the horse lift .
Beyond the Quantitative Cul-de - A Qualitative Perspective on Youth Employment Programs .
On the west side of the square is Old King 's House -LRB- built in 1762 -RRB- , which was the official residence of the British governor ; it was here that the proclamation of emancipation was issued in 1838 .
And these are tough times for reviewers in general .
As a basic guide , the symbols below have been used to indicate high-season rates in Hong Kong dollars , based on double occupancy , with bath or shower .
Expenses included in calculating net cost for education and training programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity shall be reported as investments in human capital as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units .
The unintended side effect is radical , direct In what other state do voters set the tax rates ?
No , do n't answer .
The bridge would work for a very short time but the stream is n't a clear defense .
Rep. Charles Rangel , D-N.Y. : I would say that if you had members of the KKK , that were not directly tied to the murder -- that they did not do the murder -- that 90 years -LSB- in jail -RSB- would be excessive .
No money no results ! '' Another voice which Tommy rather thought was that of Boris replied : `` Will you guarantee that there ARE results ? ''
The truth ?
The Santa Monica Pier is the coastal setting for the Twilight Dance Series , a selection of free summer concerts arranged each year .
Time 's cover package considers what makes a good school .
His family had lost a son and a daughter now .
You will need-all of you will need-to be highly visible personally and professionally .
This is Susan .
no nobody 's going to bother you
my parents uh were sailing uh this last year down off uh Costa Rica and they took about two weeks and went into i do n't even know the name of the river there but they went white water rafting and Mom said it was absolutely just a wonderful experience she said it was truly incredible
To the west of the city at Hillend is Midlothian Ski Centre , the longest artificial ski slope in Europe .
Cruises are available from the Bhansi Ghat , which is near the CityPalace .
In 1984 , Clinton picked up rock groupie Connie Hamzy when she was sunbathing in a bikini by a hotel pool .
A recorded menu will provide information on how to obtain these lists .
no i i i do n't i it completely beyond me i went to my under graduate uh education
um-hum yeah i know what that 's like uh-huh
The event is the definition of a crowd pleaser , replete with appearances by the Rockettes , the Mormon Tabernacle Choir , and Santa Claus -LRB- the act is n't entirely without bite ; there 's also a very funny moment involving a heart attack -RRB- .
Unrest and some political extremism have surfaced from time to time , but since aid from France is so vital , and French customs so ingrained , it seems almost inconceivable that the FWI will seek total independence as other Caribbean islands have done .
How effectively DOD manages these funds will determine whether it receives a good return on its investment .
However , some participants cautioned that principle-based standards should not be viewed as a panacea to solve the problems with financial reporting and could lead to an undesirable situation where you would not have comparability or agreement as to the treatment of similar transactions .
Sandstone and granite were the materials used to build the Baroque church of Bom Jesus , famous for its casket of St. Francis Xavier 's relics in the mausoleum to the right of the altar .
His proud reserve -- a product of 40 years in the spotlight -- is refreshing but does not bode well for his capacity to shepherd big ideas through Congress .
million in savings this year .
uh but you could fill a whole bunch of uh holes with these things i used to i used to advertise buying wheat pennies um i 'd give a dollar a roll which two cents a piece which is basically overpriced
The rise of the British Empire in India had begun .
Progressives at last are noticing that the best argument for government activism is that it works .
Abortive countrywide revolts
He sat for a moment in silence .
To reach any of the three Carbet falls , you must continue walking after the roads come to an end for 20 minutes , 30 minutes , or two hours respectively .
Trump , who said he would decide by March whether to run for president , would likely spend $ 100 million to $ 200 million of his own money on a campaign .
yeah well are you you with TI
She , in turn , was worshipped by her subjects as a living god .
The panels are to collect advice and recommendations from representatives of affected small entities as part of their deliberative process .
, number of parks or acres of land -RRB- rather than in terms of historical cost .
Auditors from another country engaged to conduct audits in their country should meet the professional qualifications to practice under that country 's laws and regulations or other acceptable standards , such as those issued by the International Organization of Supreme Audit Institutions .
yeah well i 'm a hot weather person i 'm i can take the heat but i do n't like the cold
A niche incumbent might provide delivery less frequently or to a subset of possible stops .
Oh ! I exclaimed , much relieved .
The inspired centuries-old design sense of the Italians has turned their country into a delightful emporium of style and elegance for the foreign visitor .
Coast Guard rules establishing bridgeopening schedules -RRB- .
For instance , when Clinton cited executive privilege as a reason for holding back a memo from FBI Director Louis Freeh criticizing his drug policies , Bob Dole asserted that the president had no basis for refusing to divulge it .
I felt like a rat .
The conversation he had overheard had stimulated his curiosity .
From Cockpit Country to St. Ann 's Bay
The story of the technology business gets spiced up because the reality is so bland .
huh do you have your own kiln or do you do you
well so okay you need to get married and have kids and then when they 're big enough you can have them go do the yard and you can do what you want to do
Very little indeed , answered Tuppence , and was pleased to note that Whittington 's uneasiness was augmented instead of allayed .
Czarek had to fight for attention :
right and that was back in nineteen fifty nine
But Japan was reluctant to sue for peace because the Allies were demanding unconditional surrender with no provision for maintaining the highly symbolic role of the emperor , still considered the embodiment of Japan 's spirit and divine origins .
In fact , you 're going to be rewarded .
Congress ' determination to make agencies accountable for their performance lay at the heart of two landmark reforms of the 1990 the Chief Financial Officers -LRB- CFO -RRB- Act of 1990 and the Government Performance and Results Act of 1993 -LRB- GPRA -RRB- .
On the northern slopes of this rocky outcropping is the site of the ancient capital of the island , also called Thira , which dates from the third century b.c. -LRB- when the Aegean was under Ptolemaic rule -RRB- .
Trial of Galileo
Judge Bailey was chosen because he should be looked at as the representative of all future winners .
The remaining parts of the north , although enticing , are difficult to explore .
The church has an even more elaborate Baroque pulpit .
As black as it is , Heathers has the same theme as the Ringwald/Cusack movies .
The formation of a single statewide program was adopted to breathe life into a single program that will provide meaningful access to high quality legal services , in the pursuit of justice for as many low-income people throughout Colorado as possible .
For example , if Ovitz 's five-year deal was worth , say , $ 100 million , and if the compensation committee had added to that a front-end grant of free Disney shares worth , say , $ 50 million , then -- assuming that Ovitz finished his five-year contract period -- the cost to Disney would be $ 150 million .
Several of the organizations had professional and administrative staffs that provided analytical capabilities and facilitated their members ' participation in the organization 's activities .
Visit at sundown or out of season to get the full flavor of the setting .
There are also dozens of fabulous pictures .
By then , the program had added Carroll and Grayson counties and the city of Galax and had five attorneys .
The tabs are getting fed up with women who have become rich and famous by telling everyone else how to be better .
Julius Caesar 's nephew Octavian took the name Augustus ; Rome ceased to be a republic , and became an empire .
Whether you drink beer or alcohol or not , a trip to Dublin is n't complete without a visit to some of its pubs do n't miss this experience .
Watch for Pagla Jhora , the Mad Torrent , just after Gladstone 's Rock -LRB- shaped like the statesman 's head -RRB- .
The Commission 's analysis uses both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities .
To see the desert at its best , go out at dawn and at sunset .
The elements of this example , repeated across millions of individual tasks , encapsulates the difference between an advanced industrial economy with a high standard of living and a less developed country with a low standard of living .
The dramatic cliffs of the Serra de Tramuntana mountain range hug the coastline of the entire northwest and north , from Andratx all the way to the Cape of Formentor .
If you still want to join , it might be worked .
true yeah i know it is n't that ridiculous we have cable which helps a lot
the hologram makes up all these things and uh i mean sometimes sometimes it 's funny sometimes it 's not but uh you know it 's something to pass the time until we do and then and then we watch football
Until all members of our society are afforded that access , this promise of our government will continue to be unfulfilled .
oh of course
Penrith and Blencathra are also Celtic names , established during this early period of settlement .
Additions to the 2002 Request for Proposal -LRB- RFP -RRB- include questions for applicants on staff diversity , recruitment and retention strategies and training , and the organization 's strategic planning .
yeah i 'm trying to find out how long we 're supposed talk
For example , computers and related equipment have an estimated annual depreciation rate of 31 percent ,7 and new versions of software applications are released every few years .
In the other bracket , the Broncos beat the New York Jets .
Just look at the entertainment industry 's self-image instead .
` Upload him into his body ? What body ? '
approaches for setting different requirements for sources that pose different levels of hazard -LRB- tiering -RRB- ; worst-case releases and other hazard assessment issues ; accident information reporting ; public participation ; inherently safer approaches ; and implementation and integration of section 112 -LRB- r -RRB- with state programs , particularly state air permitting programs .
` Why is n't a lookalike good enough for them ? '
And put like that , she added confidentially to Tommy , `` nobody could boggle at the expense ! '' Nobody did , which was the great thing .
I awoke looking up at stone lit by fire .
The first historical mention of Agra is in 1501 , when Sultan Sikandar Lodi made it his capital .
The Wither 's eldest boy , one of the four of the town militia , saluted in the old style with his stick sword .
but you know they kids seem like when they get ten or twelve years old they fall out of that and and they do n't follow it at all you know there 're very few scouts go on and become Eagle Scouts and and i do n't know what the high rank is for the gals but
The park on the hill of Monte makes a good playground , while the ride down in a wicker toboggan is straight out of an Old World theme park -LRB- though surely tame for older kids -RRB- .
And these are tough times for reviewers in general .
Leather Wares
My body is to me like a crippled rabbit that I do n't want to pet , that I forget to feed on time , that I have n't time to play with and get to know , a useless rabbit kept in a cage that it would be cruel to turn loose .
He slowed .
and then i got into it and then back out of it and it it just seems like every couple of years i get back in there
Beyond the Quantitative Cul-de - A Qualitative Perspective on Youth Employment Programs .
You can count on me , if necessary , for one million dollars .
uh i do n't know i i have mixed emotions about him uh sometimes i like him but at the same times i love to see somebody beat him
Views from Implementation Research in Education .
Among the sights in Beziers are the ancient Eglise Saint Jacques and Eglise Sainte Madeleine , the 19th-century Halles -LRB- covered market -RRB- , and the massive Cathedrale Saint-Nazaire , from which there is a good view over the river valley .
yeah because those things i think would just snap you know
Sandstone and granite were the materials used to build the Baroque church of Bom Jesus , famous for its casket of St. Francis Xavier 's relics in the mausoleum to the right of the altar .
year , they gave morethan a half million dollars to Western Michigan Legal Services .
An Indian traveler described the prosperous Bujang Valley settlement as the seat of all felicities .
it 's like but the time we went to Florida and needed to rent a car you know he believed in it
Maybe I am too .
yeah and then about every five years you have to dig them up and throw them away and start over again they do n't last forever
life track
The book is a parody of Bartlett 's , serving up quotes from Lincoln , Jefferson , and Roger Rosenblatt with equal pomposity .
Mr. Inglethorp , said the Coroner , `` you have heard your wife 's dying words repeated here .
What and who will they tax ?
The Government does not sacrifice anything of value in exchange and the entity that forfeits the property does not receive anything of value .
yes they would they just would n't be able to own the kind of automobiles that they think they deserve to own or the kind of homes that we think we deserve to own we might have to you know just be able to i think if we a generation went without debt then the next generation like if if our our generation my husband and i we 're twenty eight if we lived our lives and did n't become you know indebted like you know our generation before us that um the budget would balance and that we became accustomed to living with what we could afford which we would n't be destitute i mean we would n't be living on the street by any means but just compared to how spoiled we are we would be in our own minds but i feel like the generation after us would oh man it it would be so good it would be so much better it would n't be perfect but then they could learn to live with what what they could afford to save to buy and if you want a nicer car than that well you save a little longer
i 'll listen and agree with what i think sounds right
In the case of speech , Fiss appears to believe that the reason the American public is less enlightened than he would wish it to be concerning matters such as feminism , the rights of homosexuals , and regulation of industry is that people are denied access to the opinions and information that would enlighten them .
On the northern slopes of this rocky outcropping is the site of the ancient capital of the island , also called Thira , which dates from the third century b.c. -LRB- when the Aegean was under Ptolemaic rule -RRB- .
Good Oklahoma now has a Public Guardianship Program , albeit unfunded , that will supply lawyers to perform this rights-monitoring process
all they you know thinking that they 're going to have money and jobs and success and everything and then they then there is no jobs and they end up homeless and not knowing anybody and no money and it 's terrible
Among runners-up is Boston solo Eleanor Newhoff .
It is not a surprise , either , that Al Pacino chews the scenery in Devil 's Advocate . And the idea that if the devil showed up on Earth he 'd be running a New York corporate-law firm is also , to say the least , pre-chewed .
Other Major Museums
He wanted silk and encouraged the Dutch and British as good , nonproselytizing Protestants just interested in trade .
The great attraction of the church is the splendid exterior , which is crowned by golden onion-shaped cupolas .
' I see . '
Conversely , an increase in government saving adds to the supply of resources available for investment and may put downward pressure on interest rates .
right and uh there 's usually nobody running against you know the incumbents
` You 've double-crossed me about four times in one afternoon .
Reports on attestation engagements should state that the engagement was made in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards .
it 's just it 's the morals of the people which i mean i guess we everybody 's responsible for the society but if i had a child that that did things so bad it 's not they do n't care about anybody these people they 're stealing from they 're just the big bad rich guy
You 're the Desert Ghost .
The day my deadline came , I got a business card .
Then he sobered .
St. Barts , of course , is completely undefended .
Though prehistoric remains from the Paleolithic , Neolithic , and Bronze Ages have been unearthed in the Manzanares Valley , prior to Madrid 's sudden elevation to capital city in 1561 its history was rather undistinguished .
Closed on Friday .
It was here in 1952 that King Farouk signed his abdication before boarding his yacht for exile in Italy .
Well , let us leave it .
Hold hard , said Tommy .
WHOLE LIFE POLICIES - Policies that provide insurance over the insured 's entire life and the proceeds -LRB- face amount -RRB- are paid only upon death of the insured .
um-hum they keep you entertained they sure do we have a uh my wife 's uh mother is uh oh about seventy seven i guess she really gets a thrill when we go over to see her and bring the dog i think she 's more happy to see the dog than she is us
I take it Americans have a higher opinion of morality than you have even .
yeah i can believe that
The interior of the palace is very dark , and the use of flash is forbidden , so photographers should think twice before paying the extra fee for bringing in a camera or video equipment .
oh thank God i 've never been to Midland
Many are based on industry-recognized models such as the Constructive Cost Model -LRB- COCOMO -RRB- , PRICE , Putnam , and Jensen .
and uh we went through a time period that we had three Danes
yeah um gosh i think it was only like three and a half pounds and for me that 's big that 's why i 'm saying i love to go fishing because i 've never caught anything really really big um so because it 's always been you know in the on a lake and uh i know they have bigger fish than that but you know three and a half pounds and that was huge for me
TEST ORGANISMS
i do n't know how what it would take to be come up with a true perfect system or if one exists but
Wear a nicely ventilated hat and keep to the shade in the street .
i ripped the ligaments in my right ankle
`` If you people only knew how fatally easy it is to poison some one by mistake , you would n't joke about it .
On the window above the sink a small container is stuffed with bits of leftovers -- the red berries of barberry , small twigs of willow , cuttings of hinoki cypress with its fruits attached , and the pendulous leathery seed pods of wisteria .
Jon ran as the tunnel collapsed behind him .
And two - the personal pronoun problems were going to get serious .
How long , Thaler and Siegel ask , will it take most investors to get wise to the fact that the equity premium is just too damned high ?
This is a powerful and evocative museum .
In 1923 , Turkey broke away from the tired Ottoman rulers , and Kemal Ataturk rose to power on a wave of popular support .
That first glimpse of the towering , steepled abbey rising from the sea on its rock is a moment you will not forget .
because uh i know people who eat tons of that kind of stuff and they 're just as healthy as can be
Since the mid 1990s , aggregate household wealth has swelled relative to disposable personal income , largely due to increases in the market value of households ' existing assets -LRB- see figure 1.2 -RRB- .
It is one of those rare cases in which I can please everyone .
Venice and its Repubblica Serena rebounded to turn to the mainland , extending its Veneto territory from Padua across the Po valley as far as Bergamo .
yeah well at least as they told us uh two shifts
The Tunnel of Eupalinos can be explored but it 's not for the claustrophobic .
Perhaps San ` doro 's views had grown into him .
they just did n't watch him on TV
I 've thought it well over ''
Governed by the great bendahara Mutahir with more diplomacy than military force , the sultanate asserted its supremacy over the whole Malay peninsula -LRB- except for the northernmost Thai-held Patani region -RRB- and across the Melaka Straits to the east coast of Sumatra .
The key question may be not what Hillary knew but when she knew it .
The Vice President and his representatives have asserted that GAO lacks the statutory authority to examine the activities of the NEPDG , recognizing only GAOas authority to audit its financial transactions .
yeah that 's that 's a big step yeah
Auditors from another country engaged to conduct audits in their country should meet the professional qualifications to practice under that country 's laws and regulations or other acceptable standards , such as those issued by the International Organization of Supreme Audit Institutions .
She leaned back in her chair .
Agreed-upon Auditors perform testing to issue a report of findings based on specific procedures performed on subject matter .
Other attractions include hot springs , a market , and the forests and ski-slopes of nearby Uluda .
oh boy it the i think it 's like one or the other is n't it i mean you either
They are the four sentences you always insert in plagiarized papers to throw the professor off track .
Mallorca prospered .
From ethnic food shops and vintage clothing stores to electronics and book shops , there are so many interesting shopping spots that it is hard to imagine their breadth and depth .
I was pulled into the bar .
I nodded again .
As for the divisive issue of whether the Mass is a sacrifice for the remission of sins , the statement affirms that Christ 's death upon the cross ...
Harlem was our first permanent office , he said .
Most of the Clinton women were in their 20s at the time of their Clinton encounter
findings , the Administrator has determined that an environmental impact statement need not be prepared .
well no see i 'm from a town named Panhandle
Each of them was as tough as a thick tree and loyal to the death .
It is n't , of course .
If that investor were willing to pay extra for the security of limited downside , she could buy put options with a strike price of $ 98 , which would lock in her profit on the shares at $ 18 , less whatever the options cost .
I sha n't stop you . ''
There 's nothing like the trendy resort clothing available here , styled on the island by the designers of the Ad-Lib group .
yeah TI people yeah and so i just figured no it 's just this area you know
once you have something and it 's like i was watching this program on TV yesterday in nineteen seventy six NASA came up with Three D graphics right
Emeralds ?
The man who had once come up with a has-been corner skit , in which , as Zmuda recalls , forgotten performers would be sent out to flounder in front of an audience ...
Poor Dave , she said .
with little back packs of their own and you know things like that
that 's true um-hum well that 's true the America 's paying all this money to have other people give uh aid to other countries so they could be paying their own people and training their own people at the same time
But there are two kinds of the pleasure of doing , and the pleasure of not doing ; the pleasure of indulging , and the pleasure of abstinence .
A newly unified Christian Spain under the Catholic Monarchs , Ferdinand and Isabella , completed the Reconquest , defeating the only Moorish enclave left on the Iberian peninsula , Granada , in 1492 .
yeah and the music and uh well it had an excellent story line Everything about it was good
and uh i know what nothing is when i moved out there
The strangest role reversal is going on right now and concerns democracy itself .
well i meant when when you were when you were growing up i mean like Galveston
Or , eligibility could be restricted to those who have already been pregnant , or at least sexually active ; to those over age 13 , or under age 21 ; or some combination thereof .
By coordinating policy development and awareness activities in this manner , she helps ensure that new risks and policies are communicated promptly and that employees are periodically reminded of existing policies through means such as monthly bulletins , an intranet web site , and presentations to new employees .
down here it 's been it 's everybody 's got colds and everything because it 's cold one day and hot the next day
I have kept you and clothed you and fed you !
yeah yeah you know we 're kind of that way too i try to i 'm the same way you are i kind of try to judge from day to day i know you know where i am we work a lot with the customers and we have a lot of government folks come in all the time and
With a little practice almost anyone can flip off to an interesting rock formation and watch the multi-coloured fish pass in review .
REESTIMATE - Refers to estimates of the subsidy costs performed subsequent to their initial estimates made at the time of a loan 's disbursement .
The Standard , published a few days before Deng 's death , covers similar territory .
Under the budget deal , by 2002 , national defense will consume about $ 273 billion a year compared with $ 267 billion now .
But there are two kinds of the pleasure of doing , and the pleasure of not doing ; the pleasure of indulging , and the pleasure of abstinence .
He seemed a trifle embarrassed .
Reports on attestation engagements should state that the engagement was made in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards .
Also , the tobacco executives who told Congress they did n't consider nicotine addictive might now be prosecuted for fraud and perjury .
It spoke of thousands of years , even before the times of the old empire .
um-hum yeah we 're still pretty much you know in winter as far as that goes here
The cuts will take the biggest bite out of Land of Lincoln , a network of eight offices and 40 lawyers who help clients in southern Illinois with problems like eviction , access to Social Security and obtaining orders of protection from abusive spouses .
Hong Kong has long been China 's handiest window on the West , and the city is unrivaled in its commercial know-how and managerial expertise .
Analytical Perspectives .
yeah no i do n't know if there 's any any series that i pay attention to i try to watch Cheers once in a while
The public health official 's version of the line , Take my wife , please , is Tell Americans to eat kale five times a week .
He wore a simple leather breastplate with a single red glyph over the chest .
And , for the rest of the way home , I recited to them the various exploits and triumphs of Hercule Poirot .
profit rather
In a further role reversal , Gingrich may have positioned himself to fill it .
To help ensure the success of GPRA , the CFO Council , which the CFO Act created to provide the leadership foundation necessary to effectively carry out the Chief Financial Officers ' responsibilities , established a GPRA Implementation Committee .
Ca ` daan 's mouth hung open .
Companies that were foreign had to accept Indian financial participation and management .
In the other sight he saw Adrin 's hands cocking back a pair of dragon-hammered pistols .
for the direct sunlight and stuff right but uh but i i have n't really found it too bad we 've lived in our house about uh oh thirteen years i suppose and and really really only painted once and you know it was new when we bought it and we painted one time since then but you know it 's probably going to be time to paint again in a couple of years
The first , reached from Luxor , is Esna , 54 km -LRB- 33 miles -RRB- by road .
no chemicals and plus then you can use it as a fertilizer and not have to worry about spreading those chemicals like on your lawn or your bushes or whatever
Case Studies in Science Education .
To reach Old Cairo take the Nile River Bus from the jetty near the Ramses Hilton hotel ; it will drop you at the terminus of Masr El-Qadeema ; or take the Cairo metro line 1 to Mari Girgis Station .
It is really a matter of waiting . ''
She was 96 just turning away when she heard a piercing whistle , and the faithful Albert came running from the building to join her .
She had thrown away her cloak and tied her hair back into a topknot to keep it out of the way .
With most plants needing to install control equipment to meet these requirements , it is likely that this approach would lead to installation of controls that become obsolete and stranded capital investments as additional requirements are promulgated .
The large scale production of entertainment films is a phenomenon well worth seeing several times .
Our efforts having been in vain , we had abandoned the matter , hoping that it might turn up of itself one day .
Today , the island is little more than a forgotten backwater with few ferry connections to other islands , but its strong natural defenses gave it advantages in ancient times .
They 're taking us away this morning .
It was here in 1952 that King Farouk signed his abdication before boarding his yacht for exile in Italy .
The Varanasi Hindu University has an Art Museum with a superb collection of 16th-century Mughal miniatures , considered superior to the national collection in Delhi .
and ancient coins
Always Sacrilegious , Always Coca-Cola . -RRB-
In the meantime we must send for a doctor , but before we do so , is there anything in this room that might be of value to us ? '' Hastily , the three searched .
8 . Jury Nullification .
i understand i can imagine you all have much trouble up there with insects or
Finish it , someone yelled .
On the platform stood an altar and a large stone pillar .
It was going to be a hot day .
Conspiracy theorists MasterCard is investing in a chip that can store electronic cash , your medical history , and keys to your home and office .
I felt an immeasurable 230 contempt for him ... .
Jon drew it out and stabbed again in the man 's throat .
Despite their 17th-century origins , these gardens avoid the rigid geometry of the Tuileries and Ver?sailles .
did you see it
Attractively colorful ukiyo-e woodblock prints and scroll paintings can be found in antique stores , second-hand bookstores , and even temple markets .
For example , service coordination is a popular remedy for limited funds .
Then he ran .
trying to keep grass alive during a summer on a piece of ground that big was expensive
now that 's a good idea
The Women 's Haven , which provides shelter and outreach to domestic-violence victims , already has a full-time attorney .
But he said he thought the Ledfords understood they could qualify only if he put down a stated income , typically an undocumented business income that raises the borrower 's interest rate .
yeah yeah i think well i know it 's true you see a lot of that you know rally behind the female she may lose but by golly we 're going to make a statement here
As long as Assad lives , he can manage these troubles and keep an agreement with Israel .
Then he shrugged .
It sounds perfect , said Jon .
` We ca n't find him , Benjamin , ' Lincoln/Natalia said .
The girls who wish to wear the scarf in Turkey say it represents Muslim female empowerment , and they consider themselves oppressed if it 's forbidden .
The basic elements of life in the Aegean began to come together as early as 5000 b.c. , and were already in place by the late Bronze Age -LRB- c.
you know maybe it just was n't possible at all in the first place you know like the no new taxes thing you know that 's uh with the economy going the way it is and everything that was nearly ridiculous thing to
For the first time I entertained the idea of taking my talents to that particular market ... .
With an area of just 541 sq km -LRB- 209 sq miles -RRB- , it is slightly smaller than the Isle of Man or twice Martha 's Vineyard in Massachusetts .
Kentucky officials say there is a virtual epidemic of abusive relationships in the state .
Per week ?
This call to play fortuneteller is not easily refused .
To provide a useful perspective on how alternative levels of national saving affect future living standards , we also compared our simulation results to a historical benchmark .
Major journeys from one part of the country to another , say , from Milan to Rome or down to Naples , is most enjoyed by train buffs and travelers with plenty of time , patience , and curiosity .
Where do you think she can be , Sir James ? '' The lawyer shook his head .
so uh i hope you like your office
Like Arabs and Jews , Diamond warns , Koreans and Japanese are joined by blood yet locked in traditional enmity .
It was made up to look as much like an old-fashioned steam train as possible .
Long famous as the home of artists and bohemians , who call it La Butte -LRB- The Mound -RRB- , Montmartre is an essential piece of Paris mythology .
and the professors who go there and you 're not going to see the professors you know you 're going to see some TA you know uh
The museum is well laid out and the perfect size for relaxing away a couple of hours on a wet day .
Without the discount , nobody would buy the stock .
In the vaults of the Bank .
There should be someone here who knew more of what was going on in this world than he did now .
um-hum yeah that 's very true you know how many is it they say we have so many lawyers in this country and i guess i i live near Washington being in in Baltimore it 's something like one in four people in the Washington
Indeed , the Democratic counteroffensive has already begun .
and uh the whole organization was targeting to replace whole life policies with a term life with annuity an annuity and uh
Tommy was suddenly galvanized into life .
yeah most mine generally stay in the windows they 're they ` re
But I 've seen five other bodies come down like this .
I am not aware of any studies comparing the number of words an average person could expect to hear spoken in a typical day 500 years ago vs. the number that can be heard now , but the increase surely is vast .
After the high emotion of de Gaulle 's march down the Champs-Elys ?? es , the business of post-war reconstruction , though boosted by the generous aid of the Americans ' Mar?shall Plan , proved arduous , and the wartime alliance of de Gaulle 's conservatives and the Communist Party soon broke down .
It sounds perfect , said Jon .
Initial demand for land in the New Town was not spectacular ; in fact , incentives had to be offered to entice buyers .
It shows clearly enough that my poor old friend had just found out she 'd been made a fool of !
-LSB- Requires free registration .
` Upload him into his body ? What body ? '
Because of the casualties , Lind says , the United States would eventually have had to leave Vietnam anyway .
I did so .
4 billion for mercury .
Explanation building is the inverse starting with the observations , the evaluator develops a picture of what is happening and why .
This breakdown of PA-Israeli cooperation is the basis for the Israeli complaint that Arafat is culpable for last week 's Jerusalem bombing .
Oh , sorry , wrong church .
Perhaps all we can say of great acting is that it involves assimilation rather than accumulation , that the performer is n't so much a surrogate as a vessel .
In short , we all got tired of clever analyses of what might happen ; and throughout economics there was a shift in focus away from theorizing , toward data collection and careful statistical analysis .
Energy-related activities are the primary source of U.S. man-made greenhouse gas emissions .
Wacky Tangent of the Washington Week in Review host Ken Bode scolded the New York Times Magazine for a Nov. 9 fashion spread he said endorsed the now-discredited fashion trend of heroin chic .
To get a wonderful view of the whole stretch of river , and to stretch your legs in a beautiful parklike setting , climb up to the Ceteau de Marqueyssac and its jardins suspendus -LRB- hanging gardens -RRB- .
and for regular readers who are a bit confused about our schedule -LRB- and who can blame them ? -RRB-
The entire economy received a massive jump-start with the outbreak of the Korean War , with Japan ironically becoming the chief local supplier for an army it had battled so furiously just a few years earlier .
3 It should be noted that the toxicity -LRB- LC50 -RRB- of a sample observed in a range-finding test may be significantly different from the toxicity observed in the follow-up chronic definitive test -LRB- 1 -RRB- the definitive test is longer ; and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the test may be performed with a sample collected at a different time , and possibly differing significantly in the level of toxicity .
wow who can afford that my God i ca n't afford to miss a day let alone six
The information provided in this guide is current as of the date of this publication .
COST ASSIGNMENT - A process that identifies costs with activities , outputs , or other cost objects .
She kept her most important papers in a purple despatch-case , which we must look through carefully . ''
The logic of analysis in case studies is the same
But he said he thought the Ledfords understood they could qualify only if he put down a stated income , typically an undocumented business income that raises the borrower 's interest rate .
John Panzar has characterized street delivery as a bottleneck function because a single firm can deliver to a recipient at a lower total cost than multiple firms delivering to the same customer .
The aggregate effect on the amount of federal government saving is what affects the level of national saving and economic growth .
I 'm sure I wo n't get stuck to it , ' Julia remarked about the suitcase she was carrying .
Through Responsive and Naturalistic Approaches .
uh plastic is just too easy i mean that 's the that 's the whole problem with it um have
Next , you enter the vast and splendid Imperial Hall , with three handsome marble fountains , and a canopied throne from which the sultan would enjoy the music and dancing of his concubines .
Little is recorded about this group , but they were probably the ancestors of the Gododdin , whose feats are told in a seventh-century Old Welsh manuscript .
Sales of goods and services in undercover operations .
Great mistake to say too much .
` Do n't worry , ' he whispered .
But if Clinton consents , censure and community service can proceed .
agencies ' operating trust , enterprise and internal service funds -RRB- are required to produce auditable financial statements .
Kentucky officials say there is a virtual epidemic of abusive relationships in the state .
Part 2 -RRB- , Confidentiality of Alcohol and Drug Abuse Patient Records .
Their rights have been the source of conflicts in the central government .
Hatch : Muslims treat Moses as a great prophet .
Cultural transitions of major organizations are never easy to accomplish , and I would certainly not claim that it will be easy for GAO .
The main gate of the churchyard leads out to Greyfriars Place , and across the street you will find an excellent view of one of Scotland 's newest museums .
Hughes has accomplished this in part by the unusual technique of double ghosting .
He fell in love with Monica Lewinsky -- and even told her he wanted to be with her when he left office .
In the final rule , HCFA revised certain regulations pertaining to the costs of graduate medical education programs to conform to a recently enacted statute .
Agreed-upon Auditors perform testing to issue a report of findings based on specific procedures performed on subject matter .
To see the desert at its best , go out at dawn and at sunset .
Good-bye . '' Julius was bending over the car .
Friendly Fire , by Joe Lovano and Greg Osby -LRB- Blue Note Records -RRB- .
In Temple Bar , the bookshop at the Gallery of Photography carries a large selection of photographic publications , and the Flying Pig is a secondhand bookshop .
The analysis concluded that , because the rule relaxed the hog cholera-related restrictions imposed on the importation of live swine and prepared pork products from Sonora , Mexico , the proposed rule could have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities in the United States .
um-hum yeah i know what that 's like uh-huh
Mykonos has had a head start as far as diving is concerned because it was never banned here -LRB- after all , there are no ancient sites to protect -RRB- .
I should think some one had taken charge of it . ''
yeah those yeah it was all bloodless and the good guys can get hit all day long and they have to shake it off they do n't they do n't you know get epileptic fits or anything from getting hit on the head
Their ideas and initiatives can be implemented at the local and national levels .
` Upload him into his body ? What body ? '
They made little effort , despite the Jesuit presence in Asia , to convert local inhabitants to Christianity or to expand their territory into the interior .
This was the site of the Bateau-Lavoir studio , an unprepossessing glass-roofed loft reconstructed since a 1970 fire .
Still Bork waited , staring upwards .
paid back down it uh
This majestic room is used for modern-day entertaining when the queen hosts dinners and banquets .
yeah well we veered from the subject
Supreme Court agreed Monday to hear a Washington case challenging the widespread practice of pooling client money held by lawyers and using the interest to pay for legal services for the poor .
and and so you know like every other day or or so they have like movies for a dollar Sometimes they 're even free i think uh they showed uh Chima Para Diso free
David Cope , a professor of music at the University of California at Santa Cruz , claims to have created a 42 nd Mozart symphony .
This is the island 's main city and financial , governmental , and administrative centre , and its charms match those of other Mediterranean jewels .
Sarawak pottery is ochre-colored with bold geometric designs .
yes yeah yeah well it it that 's right and it
Most large hotels will have a floorshow featuring music and dance , including a voluptuous belly-dancer , who will introduce the audience to the art of gyrating Egyptian style .
You 've got the keys still , have n't you , Poirot ? I asked , as we reached the door of the locked room .
are you originally from uh Texas
These runs could cost far more than the value of the small improvement in service .
They capitalized on the natural resources by using the salt to cure fish , which they exported to their home country .
Of the four main buildings , all of them whitewashed and decorated with bright painted sculptures , the first is where the worshippers bring offerings of flowers and fruit , the second is for sacred dances , and the third for viewing the divine effigies , which are enshrined in the sanctum of the fourth and tallest edifice .
Progressives at last are noticing that the best argument for government activism is that it works .
it was difficult
He needs to keep his finger on the pulse to succeed during the short tourist season .
it may be arrogant but i mean let them come to us
As legal scholar Randall Kennedy wrote in his book Race , Crime , and the Law , Even if race is only one of several factors behind a decision , tolerating it at all means tolerating it as potentially the decisive factor .
I saw that a faint streak of daylight was showing through the curtains of the windows , and that the clock on the mantelpiece pointed to close upon five o'clock .
uh high humidity
yeah well that 's not really immigration
with little back packs of their own and you know things like that
Arawak peoples migrated to various Caribbean islands , arriving in Jamaica by the beginning of the eighth century .
so uh listen i 'll call Triple A uh auto club any time
Then you 're ready for the fray , either in the bustling great bazaars such as Delhi 's Chandni Chowk or Mumbai 's Bhuleshwar , or the more sedate ambience of grander shops and showrooms .
Knowing this can help workers understand that some combination of revenue increases and benefit reductions will be necessary to restore the program 's long-term solvency .
yeah because it like i i think i 've seen those before but i do n't remember what they look like
5 -RRB- The Democrats are reaping what they sowed -LRB- after torturing Robert Bork , John Tower , and Clarence Thomas -RRB- .
These 900 hectares -LRB- 2,224 acres -RRB- of parkland on the western edge of the city constitute one of Baron Haussmann 's happier achievements .
However , crashing real estate prices had a domino effect on the rest of the economy , and in the early 1990s Japan slipped quickly into stagnation and then recession .
Last year , they were spooked .
It was stated that auditors frequently leave the profession early in their careers to join clients , and that over half of CPAs are not practicing public accounting .
Daniel sat buried by the lights , occasionally pressing things .
In a further role reversal , Gingrich may have positioned himself to fill it .
but it but again it depends on what job you 're in the men that are out there fixing power lines are tested a lot
oh really yeah so he he 's uh he 's probably going to be going to jail and and the problem with him is he 's on a guaranteed salary like for three years so whether he plays or not they 've got to pay him ten million dollars so if they
As shown in Exhibits A-1 and A-2 in Appendix A , in the first phase of technology implementation , an engineering review and assessment of the combustion unit is conducted to determine the preferred compliance alternative .
Under the budget deal , by 2002 , national defense will consume about $ 273 billion a year compared with $ 267 billion now .
For example , the first number in Column -LRB- 10 -RRB- shows that in FY 1997 , the volume of mail sent by households to other households represented 6.6 percent of total First-Class volume .
You know .
I 'm busy now .
True to his word to his faithful mare , Ca ` daan left Whitebelly in Fena Dim and borrowed Gray Cloud from his uncle .
They said that -LRB- 1 -RRB- agencies need to be able to design their procedures to fit their particular circumstances -LRB- e.g.
Flanked with patches of forest leading up into the foothills of the Himalayas , the flat plain stretches right across to the Bay of Bengal 1,600 km -LRB- 1,000 miles -RRB- away , but some areas are kept as nature reserves for the country 's wildlife , notably its tigers , leopards , and elephants .
And now they here put him in a coma . '
This formal Review Process guarantees representatives of every designated state planning body the right to direct communication with LSC officials at the highest level in seeking reconsideration of an LSC decision .
yeah yeah and i took a five year note out on my car when i right when i got out of college and uh i 'll never do that again i still got a couple of years on it to go and i 'm
You claw your way into a position to get your calls returned by actually breaking stories , but that reward is empty .
It 's all right .
He dismounted and Ca ` daan saw he was smaller than the rest .
Also downtown is the Flower Market , on Wall and 8th streets ; fresh-cut flowers and a variety of plants can be had for bargain prices , but the best selections are found before dawn .
The door opened and Severn stepped out .
Tommy had a healthy and vigorous appetite .
They said that the current system reflects that diversity , with agencies developing new participation processes and information management systems as needed for their individual programs and communities .
Here you 'll find the finest leather goods and of-the-moment fashions from all the predictable high-priests -LRB- Valentino , Armani , Versace , Gucci , Missoni , etc. -RRB- . A number of classic men 's clothing meccas such as Cucci -LRB- with a C -RRB- , Brioni , and Battistoni are still going strong .
They make a pretty pair working together .
Slate continues to be available on MSN and directly on the Web at slate.com .
Ever since the Tokugawa shoguns restricted performances to the samurai classes , noh drama has had a rather elitist appeal .
Emissions will be cut from current emissions of 48 tons to a cap of 26 tons in 2010 , and
Participants suggested the need for a new reporting model for auditing , a renewed focus on the quality of auditing , and building more effective working relationships with the audit committee .
Rather , kids today are not only little bundles of joy but also are perhaps the ultimate symbols of worldly success and status .
After criticizing the GOP openly for weeks , Buchanan announced that he would seek the Reform presidential nomination , which would bring him $ 12 million in federal funds .
Despite protests by preservationists , there was little alternative .
Through Responsive and Naturalistic Approaches .
yeah and they 've got those bins that just stay there and they decorated them real cute you know with a bunch of big old flowers and stuff
And if they did come , as remote as that is , you and your men look strong enough to handle anything .
well i i 'm doing computer science computer engineering
oh i did and i laughed real hard when i took it in for the two thousand mile checkup and uh
You wonder what youre going to be when you grow up , lawyer Smith said .
Clearly , people do n't know how to reach lawyers .
Tommy had a healthy and vigorous appetite .
There followed the Balkan Wars , in which Turkey lost western Thrace and Macedonia , then World War I , into which Turkey entered on Germany 's side .
At Gatehouse , in Kent .
so you um-hum so you think it comes down to education or or something like that
As Russell points out , some 400,000 legal aid cases go unassisted each year .
As the road climbs toward the entrance , you 'll pass fields full of Santorini 's famed tomatoes growing on the steep slopes .
As a result , an estimated four out of five low-income people requiring legal help in our community do not receive it .
At the west end is a detailed model of the whole temple complex .
The much-previewed profile of Michael Huffington reveals that he is -- surprise , surprise -- gay .
The technology used to capture and evaluate information in response to the RFP permits LSC to compile and assess key information about the delivery system at the program , state , regional , and national level .
The fine weave and pattern are typical of a Scottish weaver 's attention to detail .
The case law is a whole body unto itself .
If anything , ultimate fighting is safer and less cruel than America 's blood sport .
well UNLV they say UNLV may be the greatest amateur team ever
REESTIMATE - Refers to estimates of the subsidy costs performed subsequent to their initial estimates made at the time of a loan 's disbursement .
The door did not budge .
First , the Comptroller General sends a written request to the agency head for the record that has not been made available to GAO within a reasonable time after an initial request .
Chennai , known until 1996 as Madras , is easy-going , pleasant , and remarkably uncrowded .
oh does it sure
yes it is kind it is family and it 's fun it 's a fun thing and kids enjoy that and
But although the 60 Minutes producer is played by the star -LRB- Pacino grandstands , but not to the point of distraction -RRB- , Bergman 's story does n't have the same primal force .
yeah okay yeah those games are fun to watch you you you watch those games
This step of the analysis employs complex computer models that simulate the transport and transformation of emitted pollutants in the atmosphere .
In the market proper , spices and grain are piled up in multi-colored mountains ; merchants chant as they measure out separate lots of five kilos three , three , three , four , four , four , and five , five , five .
IQ boosting was achieved through a fetal replacement process where the embryos from two carefully selected mothers were to be switched from one to another .
Information is the resource-extractive industry of the next century , and the concept of intellectual property -- a term that dates back 150 years -- comes up when individuals or companies assert a particular claim and embody it in the form of copyrights , trademarks , and patents .
We need to be sure of our going . '' But Tuppence , for once , seemed tongue-tied .
A proserous tourist district , it is full of shopping centers and department stores , along with a number of good restaurants .
, First-Class Mail used by households to pay their bills -RRB- and the household bill mail -LRB- i.e.
yeah i can believe that
I have a situation .
Do n't mean the police , but the people that are right in it .
Everything is a celebration .
well what station plays uh that type of music
His ruthless campaigns resulted in more than 600,000 Irish dead or deported .
well that 's good that 's great
On your right is the entrance to the 16th-century Sandal Bedesten , with lovely brick vaults supported on massive stone pillars .
and uh it that takes so much time away from your kids
The standard technology assumptions of scenario A were used by EIA in the development of the AEO2001 reference case projections .
um-hum they have socialized socialized health care
hey it 's reaching all over
It was utterly mad .
But I 'll take up my stand somewhere near , and when he comes out of the building I 'll drop a handkerchief or something , and off you go ! ''
Five minutes later she smiled contentedly at her reflection in the glass .
that 's really true a lot of it is um the color certain colors seem to be more acceptable
right right well you know i think uh i think it 's going to happen i do n't know i do n't know what else i could suggest to them you know if they ask me what should we do i do n't know i would n't know what else to suggest to them just education start with these little kids you know and like you said you know start making it practice you know start showing all the street signs and all the cars of course i think all the cars are manufactured that way they are n't are n't all of them most o f the new ones i 'm seeing are are made with miles per hour and kilometers on them
Several security managers said that by participating in our study , they hoped to gain insights on how to improve their information security programs .
I noticed that there was a long branch running out from the tree in the right direction .
yeah it 's definitely a way out of the way where where as
Neither does it include the mail sent in response to advertising .
On the easternmost tip of Jamaica stands Morant Point Lighthouse , built in 1841 .
i always wait for the movie i do n't have time to read the book
Bork shuddered .
They returned to live in the Galilee village of Nazareth , making pilgrimages to Jerusalem .
The strychnine had been found in a drawer in the prisoner 's room .
He had forgotten about Adrin .
and they just put instructors out there and you you sign up for instruction and they just give you an arm band and if you see an instructor who 's not doing anything you just tap him on the shoulder and ask him questions and they 'll show you things
oh that sounds interesting too
Anwar el-Sadat succeeded Nasser in 1970 .
oh really yeah i 've i 've never seen either one of them
Congress ' determination to make agencies accountable for their performance lay at the heart of two landmark reforms of the 1990 the Chief Financial Officers -LRB- CFO -RRB- Act of 1990 and the Government Performance and Results Act of 1993 -LRB- GPRA -RRB- .
The tip was hooked towards the edge , the same way the tips are hammered for knives used for slaughter .
well that 's uh i agree with you there i mean he did n't have the surrounding cast that Montana had there 's no doubt about that
News ' cover says the proliferation of small computer devices and the ascendance of Web-based applications are eroding Microsoft 's dominance .
I think as soon as they get you , they 'll come for me .
you know and he he was talking about that he was talking about nobody went broke over paying thirty percent
They encourage us to indulge ourselves , and they exhort us to worry about our competence at work .
yep that 's what he 's worried about the trees or a bush because lilac bushes they they grow fast some people uh would really like to have them and then the people that do have them they spread and they sprout all over their their lawn
To the northwest of the chateau , the Grand Trianon palace , surrounded by pleasantly unpompous gardens , was the home of Louis XIV 's mistress , Madame de Maintenon , where the aging king increasingly took refuge .
However , the associated cost is primarily some of the costs of assessing and collecting duties on imported merchandise , such as the salaries of import specialists -LRB- who classify merchandise -RRB- and the costs of processing paperwork .
and uh you know it 's like they they consider that but it would be the same way here you know it 's like if if you had to do it you know you have a big sign i 'm sorry i do n't get paid you know
um-hum yeah right uh is yours a is it a a slab foundation or pier and beam
yeah really no kidding
You can either fly on TAP/Air Portugal -LRB- 15-minute flight -RRB- or take the ferry -LRB- which leaves daily at 8am ; Tel. 291/226 511 -RRB- .
To control land and sea routes to the south , the Mauryas still needed to conquer the eastern kingdom of Kalinga -LRB- modern Orissa -RRB- .
Calcutta seems to be the only other production center having any pretensions to artistic creativity at all , but ironically you 're actually more likely to see the works of Satyajit Ray or Mrinal Sen shown in Europe or North America than in India itself .
huh-uh the the yeah see the Taurus Show has the spoiler kit and the and the big engine and the and stuff like that
Closed on the Sabbath .
oh sure sure right um-hum right
Eve 's Apple turns out to be a sturdier book than it seems .
well the floor was uneven you know
Along the eastern coastline are several fine beaches with perfect windsurfing conditions in their wide , shallow bays .
`` You 're not going to marry him , do you hear ? '' he said dictatorially .
that 's true i did n't think about that
oh yes yeah yeah yeah that 's true too that 's true
The man looked at the girl .
Many lakes or sections of lakes are also wildlife conservation areas ; these guides list the regulations that are in effect to protect water birds and other animals .
As black as it is , Heathers has the same theme as the Ringwald/Cusack movies .
Never trust a Sather , Bork said softly .
I think this report shows that we have had an inordinately productive and successful year .
In this rule , cost refers to historical cost and market refers to the current replacement cost by purchase or production .
Both were run by editors -LRB- Paul Williams , Jann Wenner -RRB- who saw rock stars as modern poets and voices of their generation .
agencies ' operating trust , enterprise and internal service funds -RRB- are required to produce auditable financial statements .
A lot of people rely on their local government for protection .
13 Executive Effectively Implementing the Government Performance and Results Act -LRB- GAO/GGD -96 -118 , June 1996 -RRB- .
That 's what guarantees that people will keep buying tickets as long as the odds are in their favor .
I have a situation .
yeah right right yeah i know i uh i remember my college days and having to do that too
A more unusual dish is azure , a kind of sweet porridge made with cereals , nuts , and fruit sprinkled with rosewater .
of course you could annex Cuba but they would n't like that a bit
ooh it 's kind of tough to think of some of the others although i do watch some of some of those frivolous things uh like on Thursday nights at nine o'clock when i get home from aerobics i will watch uh Knots Landing
Well , we 've just got to get down to it , that 's all .
Trays can be found in all sizes and those with a wooden stand make wonderful portable tables for the home .
Across the river from the city , it has superb views ; rooms are very contemporary in design .
yeah yeah and i took a five year note out on my car when i right when i got out of college and uh i 'll never do that again i still got a couple of years on it to go and i 'm
Ask Cook if she 's missed any . '' It occurred to me very forcibly at that moment that to harbour Miss Howard and Alfred Inglethorp under the same roof , and keep the peace between them , was likely to prove a Herculean task , and I did not envy John .
They capitalized on the natural resources by using the salt to cure fish , which they exported to their home country .
Other advantages the Postal Service could retain relate to such things as the payment of taxes , the need for a return on investment , the right of eminent domain , and immunity from parking tickets .
He knew how the Simulacra was supposed to develop .
He did not immediately recognize Tuppence .
I 'm confused .
yeah yeah seven percent or something it depends on where you 're at some places in Dallas i guess it 's like closer to eight and places like in Lewisville it 's a lot closer to seven
The category of qualifying teen-agers and women could include all recipients of welfare or other public assistance -LRB- including daughters of recipients -RRB- who are competent to give informed consent to the implant procedure .
Extensive documentation of the IPM is available at / / www.epa.gov/airmarkets/epa-ipm/index.html .
Interpreters will be provided by APALRC .
For a half millennium or more , Madrid idled as a provincial backwater , rarely noticed on the arid central plains of Castile , until Felipe II plucked it from his royal cap in 1561 and proclaimed it the capital of Spain .
yeah uh yeah absolutely and the credit union has nine percent interest so yeah so that 's
Still , I guess that can be got over .
LSC 's State Planning Initiative began in 1995 primarily in response to the programmatic changes and budget cuts that were threatening the very survival of legal services delivery across the nation .
that 's neat just supervised more or less than anything and security i guess for them
Puppet Shows .
Did the ancestors of the Indians really come from Asia over the Aleutian land bridge ?
They copied Louis XIV 's centralized administration and tax-collection , and by the 18th century Turin was a sparkling royal capital built , quite unlike any other Italian city , in classical French manner .
There are no means of destroying it ; and he dare not keep it .
Several pro-life Dems are mounting serious campaigns at the state level , often against pro-choice Republicans .
a good team but they 're an underdog that 's why i like them is the Philadelphia Eagles
As Malaysia has moved resolutely into the modern age , it has also remained , culturally and historically , a rich , multi-layered blend of traditions wrapped up within a modern , busy economy .
` Have you Mr. Whittington 's address in town ?
In the 1980s , a pragmatic socialist coalition government with the Christian Democrats brought a few years of unusual stability .
Like Arabs and Jews , Diamond warns , Koreans and Japanese are joined by blood yet locked in traditional enmity .
um i know that i had heard that uh McDonald 's has gotten so much flack about sending their hot foods out in the Styrofoam that they are going to work on something
While the NIPA measure reflects how government saving affects national saving available for investment , the unified budget measure is the more common frame of reference for discussing federal fiscal policy issues .
France knew a good thing when she seized one , but then so did Britain .
He wore a simple leather breastplate with a single red glyph over the chest .
Now they 're telling mothers to deny food to infants all night long once the kids are a few months old .
His fantastic body could heal itself against whatever they did to him , and his mind refused to accept the torture supinely .
It is at the moment of maximum audience susceptibility that we hear , for the first time , that the woman was fired not because of her gender but because of her sexual preference .
The flame or whatever it was had enough heat , but it was hard to control .
Only trouble was , they had infinite ammunition ... we only had so many bullets .
no i i i do n't i it completely beyond me i went to my under graduate uh education
Today , the island is little more than a forgotten backwater with few ferry connections to other islands , but its strong natural defenses gave it advantages in ancient times .
South Carolina has no referendum right , so the Supreme Court canceled the vote and upheld the ban .
yeah they 're still laying off like over in Fort Worth and a lot of other companies too just here and there
Case Study Evaluations .
Another unit was added on to the communal dwelling each time a marriage created a new family .
Starting from Scratch
i 've been getting a kick out of those lately
Usually , sites for program effects case studies should be selected with great care for criteria such as whether there is evidence that the program has been implemented at the site , whether the site has been subjected to changes that could have the same effects as the program or that could mask its effects , and how the addition of this site to the group of sites being studied supports the generalizability of the findings .
The strangest role reversal is going on right now and concerns democracy itself .
i spent a number of years in the service as an intelligence analyst
just look what we did to Iraq
However , crashing real estate prices had a domino effect on the rest of the economy , and in the early 1990s Japan slipped quickly into stagnation and then recession .
She admits to Dorcas , ' I do n't know what to do ; scandal between husband and wife is a dreadful thing . ' At 4 o'clock she has been angry , but completely mistress of herself .
The majority of the agencies that responded appreciated GAO 's initiative to develop the protocols and said that they were comprehensive and provided a framework for meaningful communication .
The important thing is to realize that it 's way past time to move it .
To the sociologists ' speculations , add mine .
The collection and indeed the building itself is not huge or overbearing , allowing visitors to relax and enjoy the art perhaps more than is possible in such massive galleries as the Louvre or Rijksmuseum .
IQ boosting was achieved through a fetal replacement process where the embryos from two carefully selected mothers were to be switched from one to another .
It can be done , he said at last .
To get a wonderful view of the whole stretch of river , and to stretch your legs in a beautiful parklike setting , climb up to the Ceteau de Marqueyssac and its jardins suspendus -LRB- hanging gardens -RRB- .
It is constrained by laws and regulations formulated by Congress over more than two centuries .
Hang it all ! said Tommy indignantly .
i voted in the last national one yeah i 'm not sure if i got the last local one
They look just as good as new . '' They cut them carefully and ripped away the oilskin .
So , which one of you ladies wants to go first .
But even managers who try to stay alert to these forces often gather their information anecdotally or informally .
Sarawak pottery is ochre-colored with bold geometric designs .
That example points to an important general Total expenditure is determined by the value of the prize , whether we 're talking about presidential campaigns or state lotteries .
No , do n't answer .
These are issues that we wrestle with in practice groups of law firms , she said .
do you do you put it in the refrigerator then or you
Using a threestep development planning process , managers assess their current capabilities , determine their specific development needs , and build and execute a development plan .
there 's certain times of the year of course that uh that it probably would n't do very well because of the temperature and stuff but but uh the right time of year it works pretty good
Component modularization and prefabrication off-site can reduce the amount of time cranes are needed on a site , as well as provide opportunities to reduce project schedules and construction costs and to concentrate jobs locally at the prefabrication facility .
Turns out that Bill got one letter last year that just tore at his heartstrings .
-LRB- It may resemble Dungeons & amp
Such experience better enables the CIOs to work with business managers to build a shared vision for meeting mission needs .
I think as soon as they get you , they 'll come for me .
Her state is probably to be attributed to the mental shock consequent on recovering her memory . ''
18 In 1989 , rural carriers received an average of 34 cents per mile as a motor vehicle allowance .
From that spot she could see all of them and , should she need to , she could see through them as well .
We still espouse a God-given right of human beings to use the environment for their benefit , says Barrett Duke of the Southern Baptists .
Paris and its immediate surroundings are a magnet for tourists , students , businessmen , artists , inventors ' in short , everyone except perhaps the farmer and fisherman , who may well come to the city to protest government policies .
yeah what do you do
Long Bay is seven miles of sublime fine sand , gentle azure water , and cooling palm trees .
Meanwhile , a site established for the WorldAid '96 Global Expo and Conference on Emergency Relief , which took place last fall , gives you a firsthand glimpse of the frequently crass world of the relief business -LRB- note the long list of commercial exhibitors in attendance -RRB- .
My last afternoon in Louisian was supposed to be no different - but the hotel room was small and claustrophobic , and I was utterly bored .
The unintended side effect is radical , direct In what other state do voters set the tax rates ?
yeah and every once in a while they 'll have dressing but uh whoever makes it uh goes crazy with the sage
Answer ? said Julius .
They greeted her and she smiled shyly back .
For big Raj-buffs , the supreme example of Indo-Gothic style is the Victoria Terminus , affectionately abbreviated to VT nowadays , once the railway station that launched adventures inland , now handling mostly suburban traffic .
4 -RRB- Clinton 's job rating fell from 60 to 55 points in a Washington Post poll , apparently because pollees disapproved of his use of the White House for fund raising .
The Indigenous Project , a new program run by the Oregon Law Center , is one of only a handful of places in the United States where indigenous farmworkers from Mexico and Central America can find free and confidential legal aid .
In a still faintly Victorian atmosphere , Dinard has preserved all the best assets of a good luxury villas and long , paved promenades , plush hotels , elegant boutiques , discothyques , casino , parks and gardens , and an Olympic-size public swimming pool .
i always wait for the movie i do n't have time to read the book
Still , I guess that can be got over .
The results of even the most well designed epidemiological studies are characterized by this type of uncertainty , though well-designed studies typically report narrower uncertainty bounds around the best estimate than do studies of lesser quality .
Snap Judgment
Arafat is also ailing and has no clear successor .
you know they they like what they 're doing they you know they feel good about what they 're doing that type of thing it 's more
In keeping with other early Buddhist tenets , there is no figurative representation of Buddha here , However , there is a large gilded statue from a later period inside , and behind the temple are the spreading branches and trunks of the sacred Bodhi Tree , which is said to have grown from a sapling of the first one that stood here 2,500 years ago .
Later , Tom testified against John so as to avoid the electric chair .
With most plants needing to install control equipment to meet these requirements , it is likely that this approach would lead to installation of controls that become obsolete and stranded capital investments as additional requirements are promulgated .
yes yeah yeah well it it that 's right and it
On the other side of the peninsula , off the tourist track in the peninsula 's heel , are the curiously romantic landscapes of Puglia , from its centuries-old trulli constructions to the medieval fortresses of the German emperors .
yeah so i i trotted back to the car rather quickly uh jumped in went home and took a hot shower and changed clothes and went back
Of course I had a watch kept on Mr. Inglethorp , hoping that sooner or later he would lead me to the hiding-place .
uh well no i just know i know several single mothers who absolutely ca n't afford it they have to go with the a single uh what i mean a babysitter more more or less
If you have the energy to climb the 387 steps to the top of the south tower , you will be rewarded with a stunning view over the city .
he was he 's of course uh i guess he 's trained in this uh martial arts of some sort but the plot was bland the acting was bland It was just mostly centered upon his abilities to
Her voice was doubtful .
To help identify solutions to this problem , Senators Fred Thompson and John Glenn , Chairman and Ranking Minority Member , respectively , of the Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs , requested that we study organizations with superior security programs to identify management practices that could benefit federal agencies .
Four or five from the town rode past , routed by their diminished numbers and the fury of the Kal and Thorn .
She has exchanged a hollow life for a heightened life , and has tried to comprehend all its turns , get its possibilities .
Model yields an estimate of the percentage change in a household 's demand for postage as a result of owning a computer
Marilyn Manson is darker , more serious , and more vicious than Alice Cooper was .
i was trying to think about some of my favorite people that i liked in music and they 're none of them are recent right
i know that you know the further we go from Adam the worse the food is for you but God still somehow makes us all be able to still live i think it 's a miracle we 're all still alive after so many generations well the last couple of processed foods you know i mean but i do n't know i like to i like to my i like to be able to eat really healthy you know what am saying and i guess i 'm going to have to wait for the millennium i think though because i do do n't think we 're going to restore the earth to you know i think Jesus is the only one that can make this earth be restored to what it should be
Then he sobered .
Very often the emperor was only a minor , so that the Fujiwara patriarch acted as regent .
but uh i 've always enjoyed uh the train and you know fooling with it and all
Pesticide concentrations should not exceed USEPA 's Ambient Water Quality chronic criteria values where available .
oh it 's fun i call
The Sikhs reacted violently to persecution , and the Marathas spread to Orissa , after which , in the year 1739 , Nadir Shah of Persia invaded and carried off the Peacock Throne -LRB- broken up after his assassination -RRB- .
And you are wrong in condemning it .
The conspiracy-minded allege that the chains also leverage their influence to persuade the big publishers to produce more blockbusters at the expense of moderate-selling books .
In the final rule , HCFA revised certain regulations pertaining to the costs of graduate medical education programs to conform to a recently enacted statute .
it 'll be a nice little bit of money we 're going to
but i think a lot of kids it 's funny get the same kind of fears like there 's somebody under the bed
Because GAO 's primary function is to support the Congress in carrying out its decision-making and oversight responsibilities , the number of times our experts testify before congressional panels each year is an indicator of our responsiveness and reflects the impact , importance , and value of our work .
After shuttering the DOE , Clinton could depict himself as a crusader against waste and bureaucracy who succeeded where even Reagan failed .
Duke William returned from his conquest of England to attend the consecration of Notre-Dame in 1067 .
Massive tidal waves swept over Crete , and other parts of the Mediterranean , smashing buildings and drowning many thousands of people .
In order to ensure these Americans are not left out of the justice system , a strong federal role in supporting legal services is vital .
He saw Stark buried under the earth , screaming for a mercy or death that would never come and crawling out of the rock decades later .
yeah yeah i think well i know it 's true you see a lot of that you know rally behind the female she may lose but by golly we 're going to make a statement here
Here 's the 439 feet + -LRB- 59 feet x 0.6 -RRB- = 474 feet .
The four Javis children ? asked Severn .
He was born Siddhartha Gautama in a grove of sal trees at Lumbini -LRB- just across the Nepalese border -RRB- around the year 566 b.c.
Interesting Conflict Over Conflict of Interest
He caught a grip on himself , fighting the fantasies of his mind , and took another breath of air .
In 1984 , Clinton picked up rock groupie Connie Hamzy when she was sunbathing in a bikini by a hotel pool .
We next present the test of our hypothesis by comparing the predicted percentages for each of the seven posts with the actual percentages .
it it like strange that it you 're right in the middle of the mountains and it 's so brown and dry but boy you just did n't feel
My unborn children will never appear on the Today show .
Supreme Court agreed Monday to hear a Washington case challenging the widespread practice of pooling client money held by lawyers and using the interest to pay for legal services for the poor .
I guess history repeats itself , Jane .
it was really easy i mean just just did a thumb print you know
they they are good
Endorphins were flowing .
He was standing in front of a grey backdrop - somewhere that could be anywhere .
5 are highly correlated during summer months in some areas .
Even though the scratch was tiny , it broke his heart and haunted him for two weeks .
As Malaysia has moved resolutely into the modern age , it has also remained , culturally and historically , a rich , multi-layered blend of traditions wrapped up within a modern , busy economy .
course the head bangers i stay away from those entirely
All of the islands are now officially and proudly part of France , not colonies as they were for some three centuries .
First , injected cannabinoids may not mirror the effects of smoked marijuana .
okay okay that 's it that GTE had purchased Tigon and yeah that 's what we have
Table 2 : Examples of BLM 's , FHWA 's , IRS 's , and VBA 's Customer Satisfaction Expectations for Senior Executive Performance
For example , a case study of the effectiveness of a job training program might need to take into account general economic trends , such as unemployment rates in the community .
Outside , set in manicured gardens , are the remains of the Abbey of Holyrood .
Our work has also shown that agencies can do a better job of providing incentives to encourage employees to improve performance and achieve results .
i quit i quit drinking at oh a long time ago quit drinking i did n't smoke i do n't smoke i gave everything up so i guess i do n't know what just old age i guess is why i
I found Steven E. Landsburg 's piece Pay Scales in Black and White extremely unconvincing .
well that would be a help i wish they would do that here we have got so little landfill space left that we 're going to run out before the end of this decade and it 's really going to be
and going to school is also always very prohibitive now unless your parents are wealthy
It incorporates a risk assessment methodology intended to reduce audit planning time and ensure that significant issues are included .
I awoke looking up at stone lit by fire .
Happily , there 's still a lot that has n't yet been adulterated on the two islands ` meaning that visitors also have a choice .
All of our many earnest experiments produced results in line with random chance , they conclude .
I take it Americans have a higher opinion of morality than you have even .
Later , Tom testified against John so as to avoid the electric chair .
no never heard of it
and they 're fairly close to the water are n't they i mean they 're right on the late
They should have him be just a disembodied voice .
First , injected cannabinoids may not mirror the effects of smoked marijuana .
But they reached a shrubbery near the house quite unmolested .
and I 'm not a Negro tonight !
Jon shifted and the sword tip slid past .
Second tier , but nearly as promising , are Morales of Texas , Scott Harshbarger of Massachusetts , and Dennis Vacco of New York .
Managing better requires that agencies have , and rely upon , sound financial and program information .
But they reached a shrubbery near the house quite unmolested .
8 million in relief in the form of emergency housing .
uh-huh oh yeah all the people for right uh life or something
He threw one of them and shot the other .
They wo n't be killing off George Clooney 's character at ER like they did to Jimmy Smits at NYPD . Instead , Dr. Doug Ross is being forced out over the next two episodes because the maverick heartthrob gives an unauthorized painkiller to a terminally ill boy -LRB- Thursday , 10 p.m. -RRB- .
Bien ! he said at last .
CHAPTER 6 : HUMAN CAPITAL
6 cents are used for domestic investment .
Now sink of sorrow I who live -- the more the wrong!Who wishing death , whom death denies , whose thread is all too long ; Who tied to wretched life , who looks for no relief , Must spend my ever dying days in never ending grief .
Trump , who said he would decide by March whether to run for president , would likely spend $ 100 million to $ 200 million of his own money on a campaign .
Piccadilly Tube station .
Twenty-eight grants targeted statewide web sites , which encompass not only all of the LSC programs in a state , but other state justice community partners .
When the next modernist revolution comes around , he 'll be ready .
Most of the dances are suggestive of ancient courtship rituals , with the man being forceful and arrogant , the woman shyly flirtatious .
that 's really true a lot of it is um the color certain colors seem to be more acceptable
uh-huh and is it true i mean is it um
Lie back , and DO N'T THINK .
NHTSA noted that the only other possible interpretation of section 330 was to treat the phrase standards promulgated ... prior to the enactment of this section as
The experiment lasted only until Ahkenaten 's death when almost all records relating to the King were destroyed .
you know and he he was talking about that he was talking about nobody went broke over paying thirty percent
From ethnic food shops and vintage clothing stores to electronics and book shops , there are so many interesting shopping spots that it is hard to imagine their breadth and depth .
but i think a lot of kids it 's funny get the same kind of fears like there 's somebody under the bed
you know Arnold Schwarzenegger is getting to be uh a bit of a variety actor you know at first he was just a big muscle man but he 's kind of branching out
Rehnquist 's conferences are no-nonsense .
The seven grants flow from a new Nonprofit Capacity Building program at the foundation , part of a trend among philanthropists to give money to help organizations grow stronger , rather than to the program services they provide .
uh right now we 're actually having uh it 's getting nice i mean it was in the high fifties today but three and a half weeks ago we had an ice storm
Decline in total expenditure -LRB- income -RRB- elasticity of demand from 0.36 to 0.25 over same period .
At the fulcrum is a coffee bar and cafe under a giant screen television flanked by CD listening stations .
but i think let 's see the teams that were there last year were see somebody from California i do n't even know who won the pennant last year
This one ended up being surprisingly easy !
It vibrated under his hand .
Oh , I I have n't quite worked that out .
The Romans never really infiltrated Ibiza , and even after the defeat of Hannibal in 202 b.c. during the Second Punic War their influence was restrained .
This whole unsavory episode brings back memories of skits with Monty Python ! One of my favorite lines was , You are guilty of six -- no , seven -- charges of heresy .
Yet Mrs. Inglethorp ordered a fire !
In the short term , U.S. consumers will benefit from cheap imports -LRB- as will U.S. multinationals that use parts made in East Asian factories -RRB- .
oh you went to the dollar movie yeah yeah they show up at the dollar movie right after they get come out you know they 're usually not not that great or did n't do that great anyway let me see let me see another movie i watched uh i want to see is uh that new one uh
If not the most beautiful , the chateau is certainly the most formidable in the Loire Valley , a real defensive fortress , its black ramparts still forbidding despite having had their towers decapitated on the orders of Henri III .
so i really i really do n't have heart burn at all with doing it myself over four nights tie i tied the car up if four days but we 're fortunate we did n't need it
but like they always say you know got a good profit sharing plan just no profit
I noticed that there was a long branch running out from the tree in the right direction .
and not only is it you know trouble to have to drive but it takes time away from your home and your family when you 're out driving
Growth & amp
Nonetheless , the rationality of service tiers remains .
no not it not no it 's a it 's not something
The Journal put the point succinctly to Is any publicity good publicity ?
Where alternative country runs into trouble is its tendency to ignore what 's durable about country in favor of its stereotypical hay-bales-and-whiskey-bottles shtick .
Perhaps North Africans and eastern Europeans peopled the Ligurian coast , while the Adriatic and south may have been settled by people from the Balkans and Asia Minor .
Figure 1 : Delivery Points to Stops
So unlike people who are fortunate enough to be able to afford attorneys and can go to another lawyer , our clients are simply lost in the legal system if they can not get access to it from us .
uh i really i miss college i had a good time
ooh it 's kind of tough to think of some of the others although i do watch some of some of those frivolous things uh like on Thursday nights at nine o'clock when i get home from aerobics i will watch uh Knots Landing
In fact , the Flamingo would launch over two decades of strong mob presence in Las Vegas .
However , assuming the procedural requirements of Chapter 36 are met , changes negotiated by the Postal Service and a mail user for their mutual benefit may merit recommendation under the applicable statutory standards .
Several of the organizations had professional and administrative staffs that provided analytical capabilities and facilitated their members ' participation in the organization 's activities .
In particular , the model provides a useful framework for assessing the long-term implications of alternative budget policies through their effect on national saving .
I have been visiting an old woman in the village , she explained , `` and as Lawrence told me you were with Monsieur Poirot I thought I would call for you . ''
I 'm sure he 'll be back to work soon enough - it 's only a leg wound , barely broken flesh .
well the first thing for me is i wonder i see a couple of different ways of talking about what privacy is um if privacy is something that disturbs your private state i mean an invasion of privacy is something that disturbs your private state that 's one thing and if privacy is something that comes into your private state and extracts information from it in other words finds something out about you that 's another and the first kind of invasion of the first type of privacy seems invaded to me in very much everyday in this country but in the second type at least overtly uh where someone comes in and uh finds out information about you that should be private uh does not seem uh um obviously everyday
Are you ready to train before our ride ? Jon asked Adrin .
For centuries , the Loire river was a vital highway between the Atlantic and the heart of France .
A man like me can not fail ... .
Angry consumers would complain about cheapo car care .
But it 's for us to get busy and do something . ''
Do not talk .
Keep young skins safe by covering them with sunblock or a T-shirt , even when in the water .
Sure , the man yells back , you 're in a hot air balloon about 30 feet above this field .
One opportunist who stayed was Octavius Decatur Gass .
The regime 's response of ferocious repression plus numerous other ineptitudes led to a third revolution in 1848 , with the Bonapartists , led by Napoleon 's nephew , emerging triumphant .
The Black River , at 71 km -LRB- 44 miles -RRB- , is the longest in Jamaica ; it was an arterial route used to transport rum and lumber from the inland plantations .
Well , we will come in and interview the brave Dorcas . '' Dorcas was standing in the boudoir , her hands folded in front of her , and her grey hair rose in stiff waves under her white cap .
Funchal 's central area boasts the best variety of shops and local products on the island .
There may be a small savings at the factory showrooms in Manacor , where you 'll have the biggest choice .
The percent of total cost for each function included in the model and cost elasticity -LRB- with respect to volume -RRB- are shown in Table 1 .
Well , shut it then , laughed the woman .
So it was traumatic .
okay i guess i 'll get back to my laundry
The baker was not jolly .
Programs in Michigan and the District of Columbia received one-year grant terms for 2002 .
Although it is a significant part of the poverty population , Asians historically have not been able to participate in the services and programs available to the poor , he said .
We start with the fine review of a shockingly funny comedy about eye disease .
However , the specific approaches to executing those principles tended to differ among the various sectors .
Poor Dave , she said .
I now submit this report to you and the other designated officials .
Clearly , GAO needs assistance to meet its looming human capital challenges .
His voice was even and calm , not a hint of rage .
The Government does not sacrifice anything of value in exchange and the entity that forfeits the property does not receive anything of value .
Kyoto 's kabuki troupe performs in December and Osaka 's in May .
uh there 's uh some very nice places like the bass which is a uh sort of a huge monolithic rocks that you can you can walk up the beach and into these uh enormous caverns that are partially submerged and you can wade in the pools and so forth very popular tourist spot
The museum is well laid out and the perfect size for relaxing away a couple of hours on a wet day .
Big Game Fishing and Boat Trips .
Krugman 's column will henceforth be known as The Dismal Science , a phrase too famous to be ownable by anyone , except possibly British essayist Thomas Carlyle -LRB- 1795-1881 -RRB- , who coined it .
Hence , it appears likely that the proportion of LC to AO mail is less for inbound mail than for outbound .
The national award was created to recognize an attorney in practice for less than 10 years for excellence in public interest or pro bono activities .
The FCC will publish a notice in the Federal Register when such approval is granted .
yeah uh yeah absolutely and the credit union has nine percent interest so yeah so that 's
All-inclusive packages and large resort hotels offer restaurants , sporting activities , entertainment , wide-screen sports channels in the bars , shopping , and a guaranteed suntan .
You know .
i ca n't do any jumping up and down because it makes it hurt
a 808 -LRB- 2 -RRB- only applies if the agency finds with good cause that notice and public procedure thereon are impracticable , unnecessary , or contrary to the public interest .
uh it 's in Georgia it 's yeah it 's right outside of Macon and and it 's just a i like the way that i like the way that idea of the south is
But it was quite a natural suggestion for a layman to make . ''
Melatonin
It was always a part of me .
Many restaurants and bars have live music .
you know things like that But i do n't follow any team i check the scores the next morning and i know how everybody 's doing and that suffices me But
yeah well i 'm a hot weather person i 'm i can take the heat but i do n't like the cold
well that 's good that 's great
Everybody has this quote from NBA commissioner David You can not strike your boss and still hold your job -- unless you play in the NBA .
The analyses comply with the informational requirements of the sections including the classes of small entities subject to the rule and alternatives considered to reduce the burden on the small entities .
Upon commencement of commercial operation of each new utility unit under subpart 1 of part B , the unit shall comply with the requirements of subsection -LRB- a -RRB- -LRB- 1 -RRB- .
The Congress , which controls our funding levels , began to include many members who did not support the purpose and goals of a federal civil legal services program .
The only drawback is , of course , the large crowds in summer .
Do n't take it to heart , lad , he said kindly .
And , for the rest of the way home , I recited to them the various exploits and triumphs of Hercule Poirot .
In short , most of the whale is incompressible .
um yeah we 've tried to do that we 've paid ours off you know all the way down to where we had everything down to zero and especially right before i i quit work two years ago to stay home with the kids
Sir James 's presence in Manchester was not accidental .
i think they prey on people 's um inherent politeness on the phone even with a machine i find people being kind of polite and waiting for it to finish what it has to say and then they feel an obligation to respond even though there 's not even a person there
Tommy felt his ascendancy less sure than a moment before .
In the vaults of the Bank .
yeah but uh do you have small kids
Smart men make good thieves , as long as they 're desperate .
3 -RRB- Dare you rise to the occasion , like Raskolnikov , and reject the petty rules that govern lesser men ?
Accusations of corruption among officials in Rao 's administration in 1995 also paved the way for a comeback .
It was made up to look as much like an old-fashioned steam train as possible .
The primary screen must be integrated into the standard intake procedure of the emergency setting and must be the responsibility of the staff to administer to all patients .
yeah i can usually i can put in oh probably mid March i can put anything in the ground you know beets and onions and stuff like that
i think Buffalo is an up an coming team they 're going to they 're showing some real promise for the next uh few years
This is the island 's main city and financial , governmental , and administrative centre , and its charms match those of other Mediterranean jewels .
It may be that the best way to read this text in the years ahead will not be with a magnifying glass , but through the looking glass -- as a prism to discern what the political culture that produced Nixon shares with our own .
There followed the Balkan Wars , in which Turkey lost western Thrace and Macedonia , then World War I , into which Turkey entered on Germany 's side .
I am not .
He was crying like his mother had just walloped him .
Jon sat down on the ground cross legged .
It 's thought he used the same architect who worked on the Taj Mahal .
Current Chinese leaders have distinctive characteristics that give them significant advantages over the United States in foreign policy .
it depends a lot of uh a lot of things were thought that uh as you know the farmers thought okay we got chemicals we 're putting chemicals on the field well the ground will naturally filter out the
Recommendations
But is the Internet so miraculous an advertising vehicle that Gross will be able to siphon off $ 400 per person from total ad spending of $ 1,000 per family -- or persuade advertisers to spend an additional $ 400 to reach each of his customers ?
I still did n't trust the little buggers .
The chain wielder smiled at her .
The Wall Street Journal Business Bulletin has a fact that dramatizes how profoundly well-off this country is -- Americans throw out approximately 12 percent of the stuff they buy at the supermarket .
Number of testimonies
This is my old friend , Monsieur Poirot , whom I have not seen for years . ''
Click here for Finkelstein 's explanation of why this logic is expedient .
I 've thought it well over ''
It is also sometimes called simply Beaubourg , after the 13th-century neighborhood that surrounds it .
Then , all the time , it was in the spill vase in Mrs. Inglethorp 's bedroom , under our very noses ? I cried .
The spear missed Vrenna by only a hand-span .
3 -RRB- Dare you rise to the occasion , like Raskolnikov , and reject the petty rules that govern lesser men ?
A member of the only student-run chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union in New York state , Zelon worked to resolve disputes between students and police officers to help protect the public 's right to peaceful protest .
Hey , no problem , a fine policy .
He wanted silk and encouraged the Dutch and British as good , nonproselytizing Protestants just interested in trade .
It will be held in the Maryland woods , and the telecast will consist of jittery footage of the contestants ' slow descent into madness as they are systematically stalked and disappeared/disqualified by Bob Barker .
That 's why we tried to kill you .
If you have any questions regarding this report , please call me at -LRB-202-RRB- 512-4841 .
Strange as it may seem to the typical household , capital gains on its existing assets do not contribute to saving as measured in NIPA .
right well there 's yeah there there 's going to be some measure of incentive uh reward or whatever but the reward ultimately ultimately comes down to what you want
yeah uh-huh oh yeah petting zoos and things
There never will be .
I took to him at once .
He pulled his cloak tighter and wished for a moment that he had not shaved his head .
uh-huh so do you have to get a shade tolerant grass is that what you ` re
That had been made by the Cadets -LRB- Constitutional Democrats -RRB- under Prince Lvov .
yeah maybe the maybe they 'll bring their good schools with them you know if the industry comes
He married Dona Filipa Moniz -LRB- Perestrelo -RRB- , the daughter of Porto Santo 's first governor , and lived on the island for a period , fathering a son there .
67 through .67 d , provide a mechanism for limiting the issues on which a trial-type hearing is required ; allow the Postal Service to explain the unavailability of data that would otherwise have to be filed ; and provide for data collection for the duration of the experiment .
and not only is it you know trouble to have to drive but it takes time away from your home and your family when you 're out driving
but like they always say you know got a good profit sharing plan just no profit
Rehnquist 's conferences are no-nonsense .
well what is it
um-hum with the ice yeah
He 's too cautious .
It incorporates a risk assessment methodology intended to reduce audit planning time and ensure that significant issues are included .
That had been made by the Cadets -LRB- Constitutional Democrats -RRB- under Prince Lvov .
The Honorable Bill Archer , Chairman The Honorable Charles B. Rangel Ranking Minority Member Committee on Ways and Means House of Representatives
They greatly outnumber the 6,500-odd human inhabitants mostly white , many the descendants of Huguenots from Brittany and Normandy .
In that case , price discrimination can survive .
Carmel Man , a relation of the Neanderthal family , lived here 600,000 years ago .
Some of the salesladies at this colorful , soft-sell market wear traditional Martinique costumes .
and take it easy now good night
Most produce is locally grown , with some from the restaurant 's own organic garden .
uh yeah they were uh they were very good i was impressed
He was a pilot , not a platoon leader .
Second , reducing the rate of HIV transmission is in any event not the only social goal worth If it were , we 'd outlaw sex entirely .
The disputes among nobles were not the first concern of ordinary French citizens .
From Sant Francesc , take the road that leads southwest to Cap Berber?a -LRB- the southernmost point in the Balearics -RRB- .
If you have any questions about this report , please contact Henry R. Wray , Senior Associate General Counsel , at -LRB-202-RRB- 512-8581 .
Working groups were established to coordinate training statewide , to focus on the establishment of a statewide website and to continue coordination and sharing in technology matters .
They even smiled at Susan and she smiled back .
Hong Kong has long been China 's handiest window on the West , and the city is unrivaled in its commercial know-how and managerial expertise .
He walked out into the street and I followed .
This northern beach of magnificent tan sand is most agreeably reached by boat .
At 79 m -LRB- 260 ft -RRB- wide and 36 m -LRB- 118 ft -RRB- high , it was built by the Ptolemies during a total reconstruction of the temple in the years 237 105 b.c.
Consider the Globe : As the respectable media have become sleazy , the Globe has become sleazier .
The rule prohibits the sale of nicotine-containing cigarettes and smokeless tobacco to individuals under the age of 18 ; requires manufacturers , distributors , and retailers to comply with various conditions regarding the sale and distribution of these products ; requires retailers to verify a purchaser 's age by photographic identification ; prohibits all free samples ; limits the distribution of these products through vending machines and self-service displays by permitting such methods of sale only in facilities where access by individuals under 18 is prohibited ; limits the advertising and labeling to which children and adolescents are exposed ; prohibits promotional , non-tobacco items such as hats and tee shirts ; prohibits sponsorship of
Nash showed up for an MIT New Year 's Eve party clad only in a diaper .
The church has an even more elaborate Baroque pulpit .
You have to have good peripheral vision and you have to really concentrate .
yeah that 's probably a a little bit under what it is for this time of year i i think i have n't seen the weather the news the weather on the news in the evening lately but i think the average high would be it should be about seventy
The category of qualifying teen-agers and women could include all recipients of welfare or other public assistance -LRB- including daughters of recipients -RRB- who are competent to give informed consent to the implant procedure .
and see the thing is you know he go out and he 'll spend it when he wants you know and uh uh i 'm afraid to i 'm afraid to use that credit card
Black professionals braid their hair to display their ethnic pride .
General Accounting Office , A Model of Strategic Human Capital Management , GAO-02-373SP -LRB- Washington , D.C. : Mar. .
The baker was not jolly .
Many Greeks in Asia Minor were forced to leave their homes and brought an influence of eastern cadences with them .
If you have the energy to climb the 387 steps to the top of the south tower , you will be rewarded with a stunning view over the city .
The sacred is not mysterious to her .
All-inclusive units are in villas and a great house in tropical setting overlooking Caribbean .
well that 's not why i got it right how do you like your tread mill
Civil libertarians denounced it as an improper church-state partnership , a sectarian scheme to milk the taxpayer , and a feel-good diversion from the rest of the coalition 's agenda .
Respondents to the Board 's question on whether the alternatives of presenting costs of Federal mission PP & amp
Hang it all ! said Tommy indignantly .
Despite their 17th-century origins , these gardens avoid the rigid geometry of the Tuileries and Ver?sailles .
It displays some superb marble sculptures of the second century a.d. , most notably a Venus and the Emperor Hadrian and his wife Sabina .
The Chinese calendar was used to calculate the year of Japan 's foundation by counting back the 1,260 years of the Chinese cosmological cycle .
yes i i always turn on the TV set and it seems like i catch that program in the last five minutes and
Asked about abortion the other day on CNN , Republican National Committee Chairman Jim Nicholson also invoked what is apparently the party-line inclusive party .
Lavishly furnished and decorated , with much original period furniture , the rooms are used for ceremonial events , visits from foreign dignitaries , and EU meetings .
Lincoln glared .
On various episodes he is a member , along with Bluebeard and the Grim Reaper , of the Jury of the Damned ; he takes part in a snake-bludgeoning -LRB- in a scandal exposed by a Bob Woodward book -RRB- ; his enemies list is used for dastardly purposes ; even his dog Checkers is said to be bound for hell .
and that you 're very much right but the jury may or may not see it that way so you get a little anticipate you know anxious there and go well you know
He watched the river flow .
We 'll be the first to admit we make mistakes , but most of those are bureaucratic .
Two separate , exhaustive shots posted simultaneously ?
Cultural festivals are one opportunity , but the better way is at a private wedding or feast day when the performances are set in their true context .
uh we 've gotten a little Atari computer uh husband describes it as a a computer with training wheels
Although , in this case the equipment did not have to be erected adjacent to an operating boiler , the erection included demolishing and erecting a complete boiler island and demolishing the existing electrostatic precipitator .
This is arguably starting to distort the practice of science itself .
These revelations were embarrassing to Clinton 's opponents , wrote the Washington Post . The Sun-Times quoted Rahm Emanuel , Stephanopoulos ' successor , on the From Day One I always thought this was politically motivated and had politics written all over it ; after five years , it is nice to have the truth catch up with the president 's political opponents .
This town , which flourished between 6500 and 5500 b.c. , had flat-roofed houses of mud and timber decorated with wall-paintings , some of which show patterns that still appear on Anatolian kilims .
The company later told us that it had discontinued the program because of its adverse effect on employee morale .
There are slave irons , traditional island costumes , and an interesting French map of 1778 showing the theatre de la guerre -LRB- theater of war -RRB- between the Americans and the British .
Regulation M is adopted under the Securities Act , 15 U.S.C.
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY
i 'm not opposed to it but when its when the time is right it will probably just kind of happen you know
If I had chosen to be an actor , I should have been the greatest actor living !
Did Meriwether Lewis really commit suicide , as historians claim ?
Thus , recent evidence suggests that by not including an estimate of reductions in short-term mortality due to changes in ambient ozone , both the Base and Alternative Estimates may underestimate the benefits of implementation of the Clear Skies Act .
The year of 1820 was a pivotal one in the story of the King?dom of Hawaii .
Possibly three months . ''
As the double-decker boats get ready to leave the pier , bells ring , the gangplank is raised , deckhands in blue sailor suits man the hawsers , and a couple of hundred commuters begin a seven-minute sightseeing tour .
The following are examples of how agencies engaged employee unions .
i think they prey on people 's um inherent politeness on the phone even with a machine i find people being kind of polite and waiting for it to finish what it has to say and then they feel an obligation to respond even though there 's not even a person there
He was standing in front of a grey backdrop - somewhere that could be anywhere .
yeah now do Indian are Indian foods kosher
Almost directly overhead , there was a rent place where the strange absence of color or feature indicated a hole in the dome over them .
Information is the resource-extractive industry of the next century , and the concept of intellectual property -- a term that dates back 150 years -- comes up when individuals or companies assert a particular claim and embody it in the form of copyrights , trademarks , and patents .
Enter the realm of shopping malls , where everything you 're looking for is available without moving your car .
Now open political debate flourished , especially in Calcutta where Karl Marx was much appreciated .
Lawyers in their first three years of practice or who are inactive pay $ 90 , and retired lawyers pay nothing .
In a six-year study , scientists fed dogs and other animals irradiated chicken and found no evidence of increased cancer or other toxic effects .
What a brilliantly innocuous metaphor , devised by a master manipulator to obscure his manipulations .
Their supplies scarce , their harvest meager , and their spirit broken , they abandoned the fort in 1858 .
oh yeah all all mine are uh purebreds so i keep them in
He writes that it 's the first time he 's added such a track .
the winged Victory of Samothrace and the beautifully proportioned Venus de Milo .
Marina del Rey is another , where you can also charter a yacht .
Last year at Tuscaloosa 's Turning Point Domestic Violence Sexual Assault Services , half of the 160 women who sought shelter used Legal Services , said executive director Kathy Benitez .
Daniel took it upon himself to explain a few things .
yeah that 's a nice place
Oh , yes , sir . Dorcas was looking very curiously at him and , to tell the truth , so was I.
Look , it 's your skin , but you 're going to be in trouble if you do n't get busy .
life in prison then he 's available for parole if it 's if it 's life and a day then he 's not eligible for parole so what you know let 's quit BSing with the system
We 'll be the first to admit we make mistakes , but most of those are bureaucratic .
The second half of the book dealt with the use of the true name .
But if you take it seriously , the anti-abortion position is definitive by definition .
and you back in you know and or just pull into your spot and uh some you can rent by the year some you can rent daily or nightly or by the week or whatever
Small boats tie up here with batches of crayfish , fresh fish , and eel , and housewives clamor for the fishermen to weigh their choices on rudimentary scales .
While headquarters staffing is to be streamlined , the staffing levels at the ports are to be maintained or increased .
Hersheimmer `` WELL , '' said Tuppence , recovering herself , `` it really seems as though it were meant to be . '' Carter nodded .
Most of France went enthusiastically into World War I , and came out of it victorious yet bled white .
did you use a textured paint or
well i hear my kids are needing me again so i 'll go see what they need and we 'll maybe talk to you again
Concentration of greenhouse gases , especially CO2 , have increased substantially since the beginning of the industrial revolution .
which they probably Mexican people do n't even know what a taco salad is but i think it 's now it 's moving up too because uh just a change you know just something different
No , John , I said , `` it is n't one of us .
There are actually three winding roads , or the Grande , the high road , starting out from the Avenue des Diables-Bleus in Nice ; the Moyenne , the middle one , beginning at Place Max-Barel ; and the Basse , along the coast from Boulevard Carnot , but usually jammed with traffic .
Even if auditors do not follow such other standards and methodologies , they may still serve as a useful source of guidance to auditors in planning their work under GAGAS .
He touched it and felt his skin swelling and growing hot .
they really do i i sometimes think that that should be limited more
He had never felt better .
you know and then how long are they supposed to take it
And , although I got a Ph.D. in philosophy many years ago and have thought and read about these matters ever since , heaven -LRB- or whatever -RRB- knows I do n't have too many answers that I feel confident about .
The church has an even more elaborate Baroque pulpit .
Larger boats for up to 20 people , plus crew , offer organized gourmet cruises .
On my honour , I will hang him as high as Haman ! ''
It can not be outlawed .
but we 're taking our time we 're going uh try to make our decision by July
In Japan , Mainichi Shimbun criticized the new Liberal Democratic Party leader Keizo Obuchi for being devoid of fresh ideas for reviving the Japanese economy .
But I 've seen five other bodies come down like this .
The first , reached from Luxor , is Esna , 54 km -LRB- 33 miles -RRB- by road .
It does n't seem expensive -- they use it in Bangladesh , after all .
I regretfully acknowledge that it may even make practical sense to have a few hired guns like Norquist , Downey , and Weber around -- people of value only for their connections to power , not for any knowledge or talent .
The almost midtown Massabielle quarter -LRB- faubourg de Massabielle -RRB- , is sometimes described as the most picturesque in the city .
Sir James 's presence in Manchester was not accidental .
One wag , J. , wrote in to ask , Is there a difference between pests and airlines ?
Indeed , 58 percent of Columbia/HCA 's beds lie empty , compared with 35 percent of nonprofit beds .
I should put it this way .
Reportedly the biggest payment made in such a case , it is hardly a nick in Texaco 's annual revenue of more than $ 30 billion .
and not only that it it opens you to phone solicitations
ooh that does get high yeah i mean
For the first time I entertained the idea of taking my talents to that particular market ... .
A federal employment training program can report on the number of participants .
These latter vast regions of forests , rivers , and mountains border the Indonesian state of Kalimantan and the oil-rich sultanate of Brunei .
` For one thing , Mr. Franklin , you appear to be taking your...re-actualisation ... extremely well . '
uh was n't that Jane Eyre no he wrote Jane Eyre too
Bill Clinton has developed a rhetoric and a series of positions that span this divide .
The CEO and CFO 's vision was to make Pfizer the preeminent corporate finance organization in the industry .
Similarly , OIM revised the electronic Grant Renewal Application to accommodate new information sought by LSC and to ensure greater ease for users .
Ah , ma foi , no ! replied Poirot frankly .
This northern beach of magnificent tan sand is most agreeably reached by boat .
And truly , the father was right , his son had already experienced everything , tried everything , and was interested in less and less .
Although , in this case the equipment did not have to be erected adjacent to an operating boiler , the erection included demolishing and erecting a complete boiler island and demolishing the existing electrostatic precipitator .
When I was in school I really liked Virginia Woolf , Schwartz said of her nascent literary tastes .
Founded by Alexander the Great on the Mediterranean coast in 322 b.c. , Alexandria was capital of Egypt during the Ptolemaic era .
She was quite young , not more than eighteen .
They do not know it themselves . '
Founded by Alexander the Great on the Mediterranean coast in 322 b.c. , Alexandria was capital of Egypt during the Ptolemaic era .
A spark of annoyance lit Lincoln 's eyes ; the smallest hint of Natalia 's Russian fire .
I put it to you that you did do so ?
Agency officials stated that copies of both the initial and the final analysis were submitted to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the Small Business Administration as required by section 605 -LRB- b -RRB- .
Most traditional reform options involve workers paying more for promised benefits or getting lower benefits .
Why , when I was your age , I already had ... '' Dave was n't listening any longer .
oh boy it the i think it 's like one or the other is n't it i mean you either
finding the latest thing out from my friends is usually the most uh time effective
I 'm confused .
i 'm not sure what the overnight low was
well that 's right because uh one day it 'll be eighty and the next day it 'll be about thirty below i tell you what and uh
i know because i think i 've been reading i read this ten years ago that they were having these big uh um rallies and people would be in the streets flashing signs statehood yes and other people would statehood down the statehood it 's it down there if you 're um familiar with their politics they uh it 's very uh i i do n't know it 's called Latino there they have loudspeakers on their cars and they run down the neighborhood saying vote for you know Pierre he 's or uh Pedro uh Pedro he 's the best it 's it 's really kind of comical
A button on the Chatterbox page will make this easy , so please do join in .
That is , businesses commonly contract out any function that can be done by another firm at a lower cost .
i 'm not opposed to it but when its when the time is right it will probably just kind of happen you know
You claw your way into a position to get your calls returned by actually breaking stories , but that reward is empty .
There 's a dramatic difference between someone like Michael Dell and someone like Al Dunlap .
The great breathtaking Italian adventure remains the road .
Princes Street is to Scots what Oxford Street is to the English the premier shopping street of the land .
Perhaps a further password would be required , or , at any rate , some proof of identity .
H-2A agricultural workers are required to maintain a foreign residence which they have no intention of abandoning .
And the door into Mr. Inglethorp 's room ?
Apartment...twenty-one B , apparently .
it it i think that is the biggest problem when you really not you do n't do n't really need the stuff but the nicer looking clothes are the more expensive nicely tailored clothes
Agencies may perform the analyses required by sections 603 and 604 in conjunction with or as part of any other agenda or analysis required by other law if such other analysis satisfies the provisions of these sections .
Economic growth also depends on education to enhance the knowledge and skills of the nation 's work
Hall said that Britain has enjoyed a half-century of pre-eminence in this field of endeavor and that this could now be destroyed .
Among the allegations is that Tokyo Joe -- listen , he calls himself that -- duped subscribers to his e-mail advisory , exaggerating his annual returns by leaving out losing trades .
i am surprised though that we do have so many that are in politics down here
Anyway , she was found dead this morning . ''
In research designs based on statistical inference , the criterion for establishing casuality is whether the findings are likely to have occurred by chance following appropriate comparisons to eliminate alternative interpretations .
Auditors may use an engagement letter , if appropriate , to communicate the information .
Annette told me how you 'd escaped .
The Indigenous Project , a new program run by the Oregon Law Center , is one of only a handful of places in the United States where indigenous farmworkers from Mexico and Central America can find free and confidential legal aid .
The other is retrospective and intended to help those who review case study reports to assess the quality of completed case studies .
Venice and its Repubblica Serena rebounded to turn to the mainland , extending its Veneto territory from Padua across the Po valley as far as Bergamo .
well they 're so close to an undefeated undefeated season they can taste it and they wan na make history so i do n't think they 're gon na lack for motivation
and it just depends on how bad that person is
Puri also has a beautiful beach , southwest of town , which is ideal for cooling off but those are n't sandcastles the Indians are making , they 're miniature temples , for this is the Swarga Dwara -LRB- Heaven 's Gateway -RRB- , where the faithful wash away their sins .
well his knees were bothering him yeah
There are no shares of a stock that might someday come back , just piles of options as worthless as those shares of Cook 's American Business Alliance .
It 's an interesting account of the violent history of modern Israel , and ends in the Scafeld Room where nine Jews were executed .
But anyway , never underestimate the power of hypocrisy .
Any subsequent alterations to the data can be readily detected .
Where are you going ?
It seeks genuine direct elections after a period that is sufficient to organize alternative parties and prepare a campaign based on freedom of speech and other civil rights , the right to have free trade unions , the release of more than 200 political prisoners , debt relief , stronger penalties for corruption and pollution , no amnesty for Suharto and his fellow thieves , and a respite for the poor from the hardest edges of economic reform .
She did not reply .
For the upcoming world championships in microhockey , a super-vaccine was to be developed , which would be administered to all participants and audience members .
oh constantly
Generally , FGD systems tend to be constructed closer to the ground compared to SCR technology retrofits .
Under the overmechanical assumptions of affirmative-action opponents themselves -LRB- and putting aside the racial IQ theories of Murray and some others -RRB- , blacks would move up the list , and whites would move down .
The activities included in the Unified Agenda are , in general , those expected to have a regulatory action within the next 12 months , although agencies may include activities with an even longer time frame .
Asked about abortion the other day on CNN , Republican National Committee Chairman Jim Nicholson also invoked what is apparently the party-line inclusive party .
As it is now , Web companies not only have the ability to provide diabolically precise demographic targeting to political campaigns , they can also make such offers exclusively .
The Sikhs reacted violently to persecution , and the Marathas spread to Orissa , after which , in the year 1739 , Nadir Shah of Persia invaded and carried off the Peacock Throne -LRB- broken up after his assassination -RRB- .
Beginning with his unsuccessful reconnoitring at Bournemouth , he passed on to his return to London , the buying of the car , the growing anxieties of Tuppence , the call upon Sir James , and the sensational occurrences of the previous night .
yeah it is it is and i guess you do n't have to but you know if you look at oh have you ever seen any of the Jacques Teti Teti movies the French movies uh Teti it it
Puri also has a beautiful beach , southwest of town , which is ideal for cooling off but those are n't sandcastles the Indians are making , they 're miniature temples , for this is the Swarga Dwara -LRB- Heaven 's Gateway -RRB- , where the faithful wash away their sins .
These 900 hectares -LRB- 2,224 acres -RRB- of parkland on the western edge of the city constitute one of Baron Haussmann 's happier achievements .
Politically , it 's anti-democratic , replacing congressional and executive branch decision-making .
In most methods , we plan for data collection , then we collect the information , then we analyze it , and then we write the report .
The entrance is also home to several sculptures , including one of Carlyle , the gallery 's founding father .
14 Managing for Federal Managers ' Views Show Need for Ensuring Top Leadership Skills -LRB- GAO-01-127 , Oct. 20 , 2000 -RRB- ; Management Using the Results Act and Quality Management to Improve Federal Performance -LRB- GAO/T-GGD -99 -151 , July 29 , 1999 -RRB- ; and Management Elements of Successful Improvement Initiatives -LRB- GAO/T - GGD-00-26 , Oct. 15 , 1999 -RRB- .
uh-huh well it 's good that she does that i mean bring it to people 's attention
Then he gave in .
I still did n't trust the little buggers .
She 's very tired .
Larger boats for up to 20 people , plus crew , offer organized gourmet cruises .
have you read Tom Clancy
She hardly needs to mention it -- the media bring it up anyway -- but she invokes it subtly , alluding -LRB- as she did on two Sunday talk shows -RRB- to women who drive their daughters halfway across the state to shake my hand , a woman they dare to believe in .
For example , Bruce Barton 's The Man Nobody Knows , a best seller in 1925-26 , portrays Jesus as the ultimate businessman .
Also , the final rule is not intended to have any retroactive effect and administrative procedures must be exhausted prior to any judicial challenge to the provisions of the rule .
The Implementation of National and European Legislation Concerning Air Emissions from Large Combustion Plants in Germany
um i know that i had heard that uh McDonald 's has gotten so much flack about sending their hot foods out in the Styrofoam that they are going to work on something
There 's nothing like the trendy resort clothing available here , styled on the island by the designers of the Ad-Lib group .
But recently , the speculation has subsided .
The party 's broad aims were to support capitalist policies and to continue close ties with Britain and the rest of the Commonwealth .
This time around , Lloyd believes he 's the Messiah .
Trial of Galileo
Look here , you 've been asking me a lot of questions .
To their good fortune , he 's proving them right .
Energy-related activities are the primary source of U.S. man-made greenhouse gas emissions .
The rain had stopped , but the green glow painted everything around them .
`` You 're not going to marry him , do you hear ? '' he said dictatorially .
and uh you know once you start up at the top and try to get those dollars on down to the hands that need them you know there 's a lot of places the money stops and disappears along the way
The final rule was determined to be an economically significant regulatory action by the Office of Management and Budget and was approved by OMB as complying with the requirements of the Order on March 26 , 1998 .
we were lucky in that in one respect in that after she had her stroke she was n't really you know really much aware of what was going on
There may be a small savings at the factory showrooms in Manacor , where you 'll have the biggest choice .
Annette told me how you 'd escaped .
Angry consumers would complain about cheapo car care .
Who ? asked Tommy .
and to have children and just get a day care or someone to take care of it and not really have the bonding process that takes place with babies and stuff you know
away from the children
All-inclusive packages and large resort hotels offer restaurants , sporting activities , entertainment , wide-screen sports channels in the bars , shopping , and a guaranteed suntan .
uh we 've gotten a little Atari computer uh husband describes it as a a computer with training wheels
All the Eilat activities can be booked through Red Sea Sports -LRB- see Scuba Diving , below -RRB- .
He sat for a moment in silence .
It has a full program of events , including lectures .
So it was n't Missenhardt 's singing -- marvelous though that was -- that made Osmin 's rantings so thrilling .
Release 2.0 : A Design for Living in the Digital Age , by Esther Dyson -LRB- Broadway Books -RRB- .
The pieces paying 33 .
But , Slate protests , it was -LSB- Gates ' -RSB- byline that appeared on the cover .
really oh i thought it was great yeah
Typically assumed to be a high-roller card game , baccarat -LRB- bah-cah-rah -RRB- is similar to blackjack , though it 's played with stricter rules , higher limits , and less player interaction .
One large multinational corporation uses atechnical facilitators - to support its initiatives .
It is constrained by laws and regulations formulated by Congress over more than two centuries .
no North Carolina State
Something may be better than nothing . If trials compared low-cost therapy to the complete AZT regimen it 's likely that the new regimens will prove less effective .
Bork shuddered .
Off El Hurriya Street you 'll find the Neo-Classical facade of the Greco-Roman Museum with a fine collection of both Roman , Greek , and Ptolemaic artifacts found around the city and under the waters of the harbor , along with many ancient Egyptian pieces .
Poirot remained lost in thought for a few minutes .
Savonarola burned in Florence
Both initial and supplemental proposed rule publications invited comments on the information collection requirements imposed by the rule .
The liberation of these old European colonies created the basis for postwar independence movements proclaiming the Japanese slogan Asia for the Asians .
and to have children and just get a day care or someone to take care of it and not really have the bonding process that takes place with babies and stuff you know
4 -RRB- Not enough is known about how nontransportation costs vary with distance .
The analysis presented here is an attempt to address the second argument .
While AILA has joined the ACLU and other organizations in a Freedom of Information Act request to find out who is being detained where and why , Mohammed notes that the reasons for the immigrants ' detention were not immediately clear and sometimes had dire consequences .
more of a football powerhouse up there i guess
To be fair , Si does n't pay for all such treats .
The sculpture on the dome -LRB- a personification of Commerce -RRB- and the river gods -LRB- including Anna Livia , set over the main door -RRB- are by Edward Smyth , who was also responsible for the statues on the GPO .
-LRB- Imagine the difference between smoking a cigarette and injecting pure nicotine directly into a vein . -RRB-
yeah well that 's my uh i mean every time i 've tried to go you know it 's always there 's there 's always a league bowling
At the west end is a detailed model of the whole temple complex .
Many are based on industry-recognized models such as the Constructive Cost Model -LRB- COCOMO -RRB- , PRICE , Putnam , and Jensen .
yeah uh-huh oh yeah petting zoos and things
right right well you know i think uh i think it 's going to happen i do n't know i do n't know what else i could suggest to them you know if they ask me what should we do i do n't know i would n't know what else to suggest to them just education start with these little kids you know and like you said you know start making it practice you know start showing all the street signs and all the cars of course i think all the cars are manufactured that way they are n't are n't all of them most o f the new ones i 'm seeing are are made with miles per hour and kilometers on them
A 1994 Roper Poll concluded that the NewsHour is perceived by the public as the most credible newscast in the country .
my parents uh were sailing uh this last year down off uh Costa Rica and they took about two weeks and went into i do n't even know the name of the river there but they went white water rafting and Mom said it was absolutely just a wonderful experience she said it was truly incredible
Hatch : Muslims treat Moses as a great prophet .
Participation in the rulemaking process requires -LRB- 1 -RRB- the public to be aware of opportunities to participate and -LRB- 2 -RRB- systems that will allow agencies to receive comments in an efficient and effective manner .
It must also report the information to the employee 's home agency promptly to facilitate disbursement of pay by the home agency .
They wo n't be killing off George Clooney 's character at ER like they did to Jimmy Smits at NYPD . Instead , Dr. Doug Ross is being forced out over the next two episodes because the maverick heartthrob gives an unauthorized painkiller to a terminally ill boy -LRB- Thursday , 10 p.m. -RRB- .
First , injected cannabinoids may not mirror the effects of smoked marijuana .
Most of it , I could n't even begin to identify .
Time reports that Harrer denies having known she was . -RRB-
Comparing our experience on the Acid Rain Program with the NOx SIP Call and the Section 126 petitions demonstrates the benefit of having certain key issues decided by Congress rather than left to Agency rulemakings .
HCFA published a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on March 28 , 1997 -LRB- 62 Fed .
Barney Frank , D-Mass. , will log some of the best sound bites , while Rep.
Professor Rogers began her career by clerking for The Honorable Thomas D. Lambros of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio .
Tracking down the tiger is a subtle affair , and requires a degree of dedication , calm , and stealth .
evaluation questions .
The Committee intends that LSC consult with appropriate stakeholders in developing this proposal .
The following are examples of how teams were used in the agency initiatives we reviewed .
Dinosaurs poked around the remains ; twitchy little scavengers , fighting over scraps .
Per week ?
Possibly no other country has had such a turbulent history .
So it was traumatic .
yeah because you look at the statistics now and i 'm sure it 's in your your newspapers just like it is in ours that every major city now the increase of crime is is escalating i mean there are more look at the look at the people there are being shot now i mean every day there 's there 's dozens of dozens of people across the nation they just get blown away for no reason you know stray bullets or California they were going out there and they were shooting and they get these guys and they do n't do anything with them so i kind of i kind of agree with you i 'm kind of you still in the in the uh prison system
Though the two cities remained unlinked by rail , this was about to change quickly .
The Sikhs reacted violently to persecution , and the Marathas spread to Orissa , after which , in the year 1739 , Nadir Shah of Persia invaded and carried off the Peacock Throne -LRB- broken up after his assassination -RRB- .
-LRB- It may resemble Dungeons & amp
and i look back on that and i bought shoes i went shopping i did not need that money i did not need it i did n't need it i should n't have even qualified to get it i did n't need it and it would have been a little rough i might have eaten some bologna instead of roast beef out of the deli but i did not need it and as i look back now now we 're paying that back i told my son if you have to live in the ghetto to go to college do it but do n't take out ten thousand dollars in loans do n't do it and i do n't i hope do n't think he 'll have to do that but i just so like we might if we did n't have those loans we could have saved in the last five years the money for that and i believe we would have because God 's really put it in our heart not to get in debt you know but we have friends at church that do this on a constant basis that are totally debt free and they pay cash for everything they buy
Practice 16 : Be Alert to New Monitoring Tools and Techniques
Specifically , by defining mission improvement objectives , senior executives determine whether their organization needs a CIO who is a networking/marketing specialist , business change agent , operations specialist , policy/oversight manager , or any combination thereof .
Just as in ancient times , without the River Nile , Egypt could not exist .
Snap Judgment
According to the Natural Resources Conservation Service , this single , voluntary program will provide flexible technical , financial , and educational assistance to farmers and ranchers who face serious threats to soil , water , and related natural resources on agricultural and other lands , including grazing lands , wetlands , forest lands , and wildlife habitats .
uh-huh yeah yeah they 're good
It 's Legal Aid 's commitment to justice .
However , assuming the procedural requirements of Chapter 36 are met , changes negotiated by the Postal Service and a mail user for their mutual benefit may merit recommendation under the applicable statutory standards .
We 've been a couple of mutts , who 've bitten off a bigger bit than they can chew .
See you Aug. 12 , or soon thereafter , we hope .
and uh oh i guess an hour into my somewhat sleep a guy woke me up and uh said you 'd better get out of the the tent they 're they 're liable to come down several of the others had already come down blown down they had n't blown away but they had flattened
so it 's sociology
That seems to make up for how he feels about what you did to the Voth .
But the third try worked better .
Mr. Clinton rewards Mr. Knight for his fund raising , Mr. Gore lays the groundwork for his anticipated presidential bid four years from now , and the companies , by hiring Mr. Knight , get the administration 's ear .
So is the salt , drying in the huge , square pans at Las Salinas in the south .
Fira is a shopper 's paradise , a series of narrow alleys where you can wander free from the fear of traffic , although keep your eyes and ears open for donkeys .
Saint-Paul-de-Vence
oh yeah IBM uh i mean uh a lot of people use human factors folks but IBM is what i 'm looking at right now
hm oh is oh that 's great uh-huh do you get the full benefits
They managed to control much of the country for nearly a century before the Muslim leader Saladin -LRB- Salah-ad-Din -RRB- defeated them in 1187 .
There 's one thing , he thought to himself , `` they ca n't go on shooting .
She was a very good mistress to me , sir .
Turns out that Bill got one letter last year that just tore at his heartstrings .
Today it is possible to buy cheap papyrus printed with gaudy Egyptian scenes in almost every souvenir shop in the country , but some of the most authentic are sold at The Pharaonic Village in Cairo where the papyrus is grown , processed , and hand-painted on site .
Gore has been Clinton 's lackey for more than six years .
Decline and Decadence
A portion of the nation 's income , in turn , is saved , allowing for additional investment in domestic factories , equipment , and other forms of capital that workers use to produce more goods and services or for investment abroad .
but how do you know the good from the bad
Unless the mention of the Ritz was an accidental remark ? ''
Market Street is home to the Edinburgh CityArt Gallery , showcasing the work of up-and-coming artists .
Instead , the task of defending Bradley fell to Erving , who shrugged that it 's probably a debatable issue , but knowing Sen.
Other attractions include hot springs , a market , and the forests and ski-slopes of nearby Uluda .
Very little indeed , answered Tuppence , and was pleased to note that Whittington 's uneasiness was augmented instead of allayed .
it does n't have to do i mean the thing is is that you know it 's like you might be standing somewhere right and like let 's say you 're you you go you know you 're driving out and you 're driving back home and it 's late at night and you stop by one of these you know twenty four hour you know gas stations joints
To accommodate these fluctuations and use resources evenly , it would seem reasonable to offer two tiers of rapid and deferred , with air transportation being used for the rapid product .
in you know just dealing with the customer maybe that 's there only reason why they do n't it 'd seem like they 'd just put a little barrel out there and say it pour here and go on we 'll take your money
In the north , the snowcapped Alps and jagged pink pinnacles of the Dolomites ; the gleaming Alpine-backed lakes of Como , Garda , and Maggiore ; the fertile and industrial plain of the Po , stretching from Turin and Milan across to ancient Verona ; the Palladian-villa studded hills of Vicenza ; and the romantic canals of Venice .
Or anything else you wanted and could n't keep against magic .
However , assuming the procedural requirements of Chapter 36 are met , changes negotiated by the Postal Service and a mail user for their mutual benefit may merit recommendation under the applicable statutory standards .
A poll of Hong Kong residents finds them sanguine about the city 's future .
If the difference between these two prices is large enough , the mailer could hire a trucking firm , as discussed above .
Flying at a discount should be more dangerous .
Most of France went enthusiastically into World War I , and came out of it victorious yet bled white .
If you have any questions regarding this report , please call me at -LRB-202-RRB- 512-4841 .
Under the rule , HUD may also accept an assignment of
Or anything else you wanted and could n't keep against magic .
Something broke inside her , something in her head .
That is , as the discount is increased in steps , the cost to the Postal Service of sorting the mail that becomes workshared on step 4 is probably greater than the cost of sorting the mail that becomes workshared on step 3 . This assumption will be relaxed in Part III below , where larger discount changes are considered .
The rise of the British Empire in India had begun .
um well i hate to yes i do
So they set about clearing the land for agriculture , setting fire to massive tracts of forest .
` And I do n't want to risk a fire fight with what appear to be horribly equal numbers . '
And the trunk ? Big ? Mother asked again to keep up appearances .
Favorite items that will help preserve your memories of the rugged Lakeland countryside are clothing or blankets made from the local Herdwick wool , coasters of polished slate , or walking sticks with ram 's - horn handles .
yeah i know the motor oil
By placing '' one card '' on another '' with mathematical '' precision ! '' I watched the card house rising under his hands , story by story .
football and baseball and
If the difference between these two prices is large enough , the mailer could hire a trucking firm , as discussed above .
They would burn to the ground by morning .
Enlarging the village was not desirable and most knew that Severn only desired wealth and a seat on the council of elders .
Number of testimonies
Thorn held a sword different from any Ca ` daan had ever seen .
that 's right you can work yourself to death well i 'm sorry to hear your color did n't come out so good over the weekend
oh yeah well i play softball a couple of times a year it 's they 're getting ready to start up the the season again
There was food for all , and houses had been conjured hastily to shelter the people .
yeah yeah uh-huh yeah we we saw that one uh we find that uh that uh if you can get into those dollar movies you know they 're uh they 're a dollar and a half what is it dollar and a quarter dollar and a half now
Ca ` daan felt his skin get hot and unable to come up with any suitable response , moved on .
There are also a couple of small aircraft lying offshore -LRB- relics of drug runners who ran out of luck -RRB- that make fascinating artificial dive sites .
no no but you know i was just thinking of getting one those for the yard because they they are really nice and um up here we have uh we have quite a few mosquitoes at nighttime
Shall I tell you what it would be like for your soul to live in the muck of a swamp in a mandrake root ? Dave shook his head .
Just look at the entertainment industry 's self-image instead .
Two , most other productive operations are easier to study and understand , since few firms have 40,000 locations and a large proportion of their workforce working outdoors .
Do n't you remember ? Today we 're going to auntie Basia 's birthday party . '
THEY ARE READY , returned Susan 's voice in the back of his mind .
First , the horsemen brought out a teaser horse .
Good sir , Jon began .
i do n't even know how they figure it really i 'm glad i do n't work in a store
you did you see that
That 's it . The girl looked at him , then passed her hand across her forehead .
The Shore Temple , which has withstood the wind and the waves for 12 centuries , is made up of two shrines .
The volumes are available again but wo n't be returned to the stacks until the damp library itself gets renovated .
uh unemployment runs approximately six percent
The Congress , which controls our funding levels , began to include many members who did not support the purpose and goals of a federal civil legal services program .
1 -RRB- Increased federal enforcement . Before Hoover 's death , the FBI did not aggressively investigate the Mafia .
PROGRAM ACCOUNT - The budget account into which an appropriation to cover the subsidy cost of a direct loan or loan guarantee program is made and from which such cost is disbursed to the financing account .
Pro-Microsoft analysts spin this as a heroic sacrifice , removing the lightning rod whose seemingly disingenuous testimony has ostensibly driven the DOJ to the verge of demanding the company 's breakup .
yeah it 's just a matter of education i think
Apartment...twenty-one B , apparently .
aChange in personal saving depends on how much of the $ 4,000 IRA contribution represents new saving .
Ceter of the national aerosece industry , with a vigorous local culture and bright and breezy street life , this university city has an infectious enthusiasm to it .
A piece describes the Learning Channel 's new women-targeted reality TV A Wedding Story , A Baby Story , and A Dating Story , featuring real-life marriages , babies , and dates .
In Texas , the ability to produce fairly stated external financial reports was only the first step in building a more effective , resultsoriented government .
Calcutta seems to be the only other production center having any pretensions to artistic creativity at all , but ironically you 're actually more likely to see the works of Satyajit Ray or Mrinal Sen shown in Europe or North America than in India itself .
where they they brew their own beer there
One possible explanation is that surging household wealth in recent years contributed to the virtual disappearance of personal saving .
I sha n't stop you . ''
and the nurses are n't no see you have to pay that
To control land and sea routes to the south , the Mauryas still needed to conquer the eastern kingdom of Kalinga -LRB- modern Orissa -RRB- .
The Mosque of El-Jezzar , built in 1781 , dominates the landside of the old city -LRB- the other three sides jut into the Mediterranean -RRB- .
He had forgotten about Adrin .
But in all probability the girl will have entirely forgotten the intervening period , and will take up life where she left off at the sinking of the Lusitania . ''
Divers can explore the deeps but you can also snorkel here , or take a glass-bottom boat or submarine tour to get a glimpse of this watery world .
Most large hotels will have a floorshow featuring music and dance , including a voluptuous belly-dancer , who will introduce the audience to the art of gyrating Egyptian style .
I was soon strong enough to move .
The final reason for the teen renaissance is boomer self-obsession .
She buried his remains to spare her mother the gruesome sight .
someone else noticed it and i said well i guess that 's true and it was somewhat melodio us in other words it was n't just you know it was really funny
Do not talk .
This is an excerpt from the voice-over credo read in the opening credits for the new UPN series Star Pitiful Helpless Giant , starring former Secretary of State George Shultz .
THEY ARE READY , returned Susan 's voice in the back of his mind .
After three days of using the gel , my mouth has returned to its familiar self .
Be forewarned that the download takes quite a while via modem .
Mr. Erlenborn attended undergraduate courses at the University of Notre Dame , Indiana University , the University of Illinois , and Loyala University of Chicago .
Kicked out of the house when she was only 16 -LRB- she was called Suzie in those days -RRB- , Roy went to Delhi and then to architecture school , supporting herself by selling empty milk bottles -LRB- some say beer bottles -RRB- .
Bush the elder came of age when New England Republicans led the party , and patrician manners were boons to a Republican .
Missouri was asked to continue its planning efforts and file a supplemental planning report with LSC on or before October 1 , 1999 .
Emergency physician attitudes concerning intervention for alcohol abuse/dependence in the emergency department .
and have been back and every now and then some news filters in that they went to see some of the old things and of course the savings and loan program um that was that you know that that just continued to grow in fact after my group i mean we were just a very small specialized group too to get that going and spread and then of course Peace Corps bowed out of that because that 's uh uh something that nationalized very quickly and the same with the coops
Something in his mind seemed also to have developed a `` tan '' that let him face the bite of chance without flinching .
Are you sure ?
News ' cover says the proliferation of small computer devices and the ascendance of Web-based applications are eroding Microsoft 's dominance .
Another thing those early French and Dutch settlers agreed upon was that their island should be free of levies on any imported goods .
Enthusiasm for Disney 's Broadway production of The Lion King dwindles .
The mansions have been downgraded to consulates since the capital was transferred to Ankara in 1923 , and modern shops and restaurants have sprung up .
The sunlight , piercing through the branches , turned the auburn of her hair to quivering gold .
Still , it would be interesting to know . 109 Poirot looked at me very earnestly , and again shook his head .
Cultural transitions of major organizations are never easy to accomplish , and I would certainly not claim that it will be easy for GAO .
we only have to get up for you know for the daytime feedings
but uh that has been the major change that we have noticed in gardening and that 's about the extent of what we 've done just a little bit on the patio and uh and waiting for the the rain to subside so we can mow we after about a month we finally got to mow this weekend
appropriate agency representatives , help resolve
A lack of sleep can always be remedied later , a Madrile ?? o might tell you , as he tops off a late night with early-morning chocolate con curros -LRB- a fried-dough and chocolate snack ideal for absorbing alcohol -RRB- on the way home for a shower and then continues on to work .
Current Chinese leaders have distinctive characteristics that give them significant advantages over the United States in foreign policy .
Kutchins and Kirk cite a particularly amusing example of such Robert Spitzer , the man in charge of DSM-III , was sitting down with a committee that included his wife , in the process of composing a criteria-set for Masochistic Personality Disorder -- a disease that was suggested for , but never made it into , the DSM-III-R -LRB- a revised edition -RRB- .
After being diagnosed with cancer , Carrey 's Kaufman decides to do a show at Carnegie Hall .
Normally , these discussions are kept secret .
But they persevered , she said , firm and optimistic in their search , until they were finally allowed by a packed restaurant to eat their dinner off the floor .
looking at that and you know and if it 's if it 's funny or if it keeps my interest if it 's exciting i 'll watch it if not i do n't and times that i saw that or pieces of that it was n't any it was n't great Thirty Something i watched a few times because there was a few good episodes and then after that it it i just lost interest in it
Also downtown is the Flower Market , on Wall and 8th streets ; fresh-cut flowers and a variety of plants can be had for bargain prices , but the best selections are found before dawn .
There would be little benefit to national saving from allowing early access to mandatory accounts with set contribution levels-which has been proposed for Social Security -LRB- see Q4 .
Even though the scratch was tiny , it broke his heart and haunted him for two weeks .
Cave 31 tries to emulate the style of the great Hindu temple on a much smaller scale , but the artists here were working on much harder rock and so abandoned their effort .
Michael B. Wachter of the University of Pennsylvania and his colleagues conclude that there is a wage and fringe benefit premium for the postal bargaining labor force of 29 .
After the second course I began to feel slightly at ease , although I could n't help being disturbed by the way they just stared at me .
He turned and saw Jon sleeping in his half-tent .
you know like CODA comes out of your out of your pay and the credit union comes out of your pay so we do n't have to do anything there and the rest of it as far as my salary goes i just have it automatically deposited in into our bank
After their savage battles , the warriors recuperated through meditation in the peace of a Zen monastery rock garden .
and we decided we 'd just go across the road to the office and see if we could rent anything
Participants suggested the need for a new reporting model for auditing , a renewed focus on the quality of auditing , and building more effective working relationships with the audit committee .
as long as you got congressmen and senators that are getting kickbacks kickbacks from these different companies that are getting awarded for the defense contracts that 's never going to happen
it ca n't last seven years but it can last five IBM says let 's throw it away Leading Edge will say we 'll buy it from you
U.S. civil legal services delivery system .
are you and since being Argentinean we also have a lot of pasta
Any point you failed to win by rigging the questions and categories can be cleaned up in the executive summary -LRB- the pollster 's spin -RRB- and the press release and news conference -LRB- the client 's spin on the pollster 's spin -RRB- .
so we 're expecting our local economy to
ooh that does get high yeah i mean
1 Now that each unit is fully staffed , the LSC Office of Program Performance and its state planning team contain over 260 years of experience in LSC-funded programs .
The WP says that the Paula Jones trial judge has had an interesting prior run-in with Bill Clinton .
But in all probability the girl will have entirely forgotten the intervening period , and will take up life where she left off at the sinking of the Lusitania . ''
Tuppence rose .
CHAPTER 6 : HUMAN CAPITAL
Oh yeah ? San Barenakedino ? How 's he ? Clarisse and Onardo both asked .
You 'll even be able to consult a traditional herbalist to cure your ailments .
Look here , I said , `` I may be altogether wrong .
The guidelines do not apply to inpatient hospital services and hospice services and will be used by Medicare fiscal intermediaries to determine the maximum allowable costs of the therapy services .
A succession of discoveries has taught us about archeabacteria , very ancient and primitive single-cell organisms that live in the places you 'd least expect anything to call home .
From 1998 through 2000 , the federal government achieved surpluses , shifting from being a drain on net national saving to become a contributor to it .
Time 's cover package considers what makes a good school .
Through a friend who knows the lift boy here .
Think of it this When consumer confidence declines , it is as if , for some reason , the typical member of the co-op had become less willing to go out , more anxious to accumulate coupons for a rainy day .
Pick up a map from the tourist office here and ask about walking tours .
yeah because those things i think would just snap you know
A small page-boy was waiting outside her own door when she returned to it .
Each edition of the DSM is the product of arguments , negotiations , and compromises .
Blair has just published a volume of speeches and articles titled New Britain : My
because otherwise it 's too it gets if you start them when it 's cooler in the spring then it gets too hot in the summer
I 'm busy now .
' I see . '
De Wit worked from likenesses of actual monarchs to produce his portraits .
Black professionals braid their hair to display their ethnic pride .
According to Jane Langmuir , director of the project , water and heat come together and create a totally new appliance .
Other pundits beam their opinions at us as through a time warp , from the hazy days of past administrations .
Behind the cathedral , croseover the Rue de la R ?? publique to the 15th-century Eglise Saint-Maclou , the richest example of Flam?boy?ant Gothic in the country .
Despite its initial failings , Siegel 's Flamingo survived him , as did mob infiltration of casinos .
The average MLS ticket costs a mere $ 13 , one-third the price of an NHL or NBA ticket .
In the midst of a final desultory polishing of her silver , Tuppence was disturbed by the ringing of the front door bell , and went to answer it .
Flanked with patches of forest leading up into the foothills of the Himalayas , the flat plain stretches right across to the Bay of Bengal 1,600 km -LRB- 1,000 miles -RRB- away , but some areas are kept as nature reserves for the country 's wildlife , notably its tigers , leopards , and elephants .
From here it 's all through the charming hillside village of Saint-Claude , with its upper-income homes , and on toward the summit or as far as the gendarmes are allowing traffic to proceed that day .
SSA will consider the comments received by April 14 , 1997 , and will issue revised regulations if necessary .
Most of France went enthusiastically into World War I , and came out of it victorious yet bled white .
The fine weave and pattern are typical of a Scottish weaver 's attention to detail .
Sultan Abdul Hamid II -LRB- 1876 1909 -RRB- tried to apply absolute rule to an empire staggering under a crushing foreign debt , with a fragmented population of hostile people , and succeeded only in creating ill will and dissatisfaction amongst the younger generation of educated Turks .
But employers are still driving , and that 's all that counts .
The Throne Room is one of a series of apartments built during the reign of Charles II , though it was originally designed as a guard room that screened entrants to the private chambers beyond .
A politician connected with the home service of his parliamentary section 's boss , with the mobile phone number 0-609-3459812 , and known for his lack of sense of humor , did not take too well to a message from ` Admirer ' - ` Wishes shovel best ' .
One of these walls , the Western Wall , is today a major reminder of Jerusalem 's greatness under Herod .
He was waiting for the Scotland Yard men .
If a trace of tropical lethargy still adds to the charm in this city of sidewalk cafe , palm trees , and pedicabs , any torpor definitely ends once inside the doors of Macau 's casinos , scene of some of the liveliest gambling west of Las Vegas .
The results of the sheepshead minnow , Cyprinodon variegatus , inland silverside , Menidia beryllina , or mysid , Mysidopsis bahia , tests are acceptable if survival in the controls is 80 percent or greater .
Strategic parents might spend a large portion of their tax cuts , causing interest rates to rise .
If not the most beautiful , the chateau is certainly the most formidable in the Loire Valley , a real defensive fortress , its black ramparts still forbidding despite having had their towers decapitated on the orders of Henri III .
Participants generally viewed the new internal control reporting requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as a good requirement .
Is there adequate information for judging generalizability ?
The Gaiety Theatre in South King Street is worth visiting for its ornate d ?? cor .
The spot does leave the viewer wondering about the rest of the story , and what tale the condom could tell .
But when he was persuaded by divers means to help us , he gave up after one week , declaring it beyond his powers .
Under the leadership of Henry the Navigator , caravels set out from the westernmost point of the Algarve , in southern Portugal , in search of foreign lands , fame , and wealth .
Its facilities include a swimming pool and a peaceful garden .
For example , if Ovitz 's five-year deal was worth , say , $ 100 million , and if the compensation committee had added to that a front-end grant of free Disney shares worth , say , $ 50 million , then -- assuming that Ovitz finished his five-year contract period -- the cost to Disney would be $ 150 million .
There 214 was some talk of sending me to a specialist in Paris .
She admits to Dorcas , ' I do n't know what to do ; scandal between husband and wife is a dreadful thing . ' At 4 o'clock she has been angry , but completely mistress of herself .
Since the mid 1990s , aggregate household wealth has swelled relative to disposable personal income , largely due to increases in the market value of households ' existing assets -LRB- see figure 1.2 -RRB- .
yeah yeah so it 's interesting to talk to somebody from that general vicinity
Clearly , people do n't know how to reach lawyers .
Anwar el-Sadat succeeded Nasser in 1970 .
and uh you know once you start up at the top and try to get those dollars on down to the hands that need them you know there 's a lot of places the money stops and disappears along the way
yeah yeah seven percent or something it depends on where you 're at some places in Dallas i guess it 's like closer to eight and places like in Lewisville it 's a lot closer to seven
Well , we will come in and interview the brave Dorcas . '' Dorcas was standing in the boudoir , her hands folded in front of her , and her grey hair rose in stiff waves under her white cap .
for me now the address is the same you know my my office address
On a spur-road just a little north of the sleepy village of Anse-Bertrand is the Anse Laborde , a public beach of tan sand with gorgeous turquoise waters and good snorkeling off rocky promontories .
Although it ceased to be a political capital in 1707 -LRB- when Scotland joined with England to create the United Kingdom -RRB- , Edinburgh was at the forefront of intellectual debate .
Designed by George Meikle Kemp , an unknown draftsman of humble birth , the monument took its inspiration from the design of MelroseAbbey .
You 've got the keys still , have n't you , Poirot ? I asked , as we reached the door of the locked room .
yeah i 've i wish they 'd split that bowling season up into uh three seasons
The street ends at Taksim Square -LRB- Taksim Meydane -RRB- , the heart of modern Istanbul , lined with luxurious five-star hotels and the glass-fronted Ataturk Cultural Centre -LRB- Ataturk Keleter Sarayy -RRB- , also called the Opera House .
Look for these items in the picturesque open-air market of Sa Penya -LRB- Ibiza Town -RRB- or for a wider selection at the bustling , covered central market in the newer part of town -LRB- carrer d'Extremadura -RRB- .
Numbers began wafting about on the I 'd say at least five
The arches that flank the nave are filled with tiers of columns and the walls with windows , while the arches above the entrance and the apse are backed by semi-domes , further increasing the interior space .
The more popular offerings include kuru fasulye -LRB- haricot beans in tomato sauce -RRB- , patlecan kizartmas -LRB- aubergine fried in olive oil and garlic -RRB- , and a range of salads .
Vaikuntaperumal is a Vishnu temple of the same period , famous for its elevated colonnade of lively sculpted reliefs showing the many exploits of the Pallava kings .
Ca ` daan saw confidence flow back into the young man .
and these comments were considered in formulating the interim rules .
Leather Wares
oh constantly
`` If you people only knew how fatally easy it is to poison some one by mistake , you would n't joke about it .
The large scale production of entertainment films is a phenomenon well worth seeing several times .
well what is it
Where is art ?
Peel Edgerton .
The man had probably heard him urinating or maybe even noticed the change of his breath as he awoke .
His arm came up over his eyes , cutting off the glare .
Some travelers add Molokai and Lanai to their itineraries .
The Saving Mystery , or Where Did the Money Go ?
in each square
-LRB- Read Slate 's on how Bush flaunts the courage of his cliches .
so who so if you go out and you 're talking like a ten or fifteen thousand dollar vehicle and you add that sales tax on that 's a that 's a big chunk of change you have to come up with
Text Box 2.1 : Gross Domestic Product and Gross National Product 48Text Box 4.1 : How do the NIPA and federal unified budget concepts of
Emeralds ?
They make a pretty pair working together .
i do n't understand that i thought that he was always a good player
but i think that 's probably a good idea
The chart to which Reich refers was actually presented during Saxton 's opening statement , hours before Reich testified , and did not look as Reich claims it did .
As Ben Yagoda writes in the New York Times Book Review , somewhere along the way , Kidder must have decided not to write a book about Tommy O'Connor .
We must re-examine the base , including our current human capital policies and practices .
You 're crazed , Beresford .
from grocery store baggers that want to buy my car because it 's a Trans Am they 're high school seniors seventeen years old and they got to impress their girl friend
In addition to the arguments previously advanced by the Vice Presidentas representatives and addressed in our June 22 letter to the Counsel to the Vice President -LRB- see Enclosure 1 -RRB- , the Vice Presidentas August 2 letter to the Congress asserts that the study is not authorized by statute because GAO is limited to looking at the aresults - of programs and that GAO does not have a right of access to documents because the Vice President is not included under the term aagency - used in GAOas statute .
What 's needed , alongside an evacuation plan , is a realistic program to stabilize conditions for those left behind .
probably yeah i would imagine the judge could throw it out
A chancy road winding up to the 475-metre -LRB- 1,560-foot -RRB- summit is likely to test the engine and suspension of your car , as well as your own persistence .
that 's true um-hum well that 's true the America 's paying all this money to have other people give uh aid to other countries so they could be paying their own people and training their own people at the same time
Among the disadvantages are that the degree of innovation and product differentiation might continue to be limited .
Outside , set in manicured gardens , are the remains of the Abbey of Holyrood .
True devotees talk shop at even more specialized groups , such as one on Northeastern weather -LRB- ne.weather -RRB- , whose recent conversation topics included the great blizzard of 1978 and the freak snowstorm of May 1977 .
Most menu prices include taxes and a service charge , but it 's customary to leave a tip if you were served satisfactorily .
The formal splendor of the grounds testify to the 18th-century desire to tame nature , but it is done with such superlative results that one can only be thankful that the work was undertaken .
Then it occurred to me that the criminal standard was a low one .
Restored in 1967 , the beautiful exterior is complemented by the fine period furniture housed inside .
He sat a short distance from them , his eyes on Jon .
As a counterweight to the Singapore Chinese , he would bring in the North Borneo states of Sabah and Sarawak , granting them special privileges for their indigenous populations and funds for the development of their backward economies .
Nobody knows much about the early Etruscans .
I 've got it down in my notes if you want to see them . '' She extended the woven cords .
yeah that 's the World League
Emergency physician attitudes concerning intervention for alcohol abuse/dependence in the emergency department .
There 's a lot of villas all the way along , but by degrees they seemed to get more and more thinned out , and in the end we got to one that seemed the last of the bunch .
Its facilities include a swimming pool and a peaceful garden .
well wonderful that 'll be a musician
To the northwest of the chateau , the Grand Trianon palace , surrounded by pleasantly unpompous gardens , was the home of Louis XIV 's mistress , Madame de Maintenon , where the aging king increasingly took refuge .
Consistent with GAO 's Congressional Protocols , GAO will then offer the requester -LRB- s -RRB- a draft of the product that is with the agency for comment .
TIG funds support the Technology Evaluation Project , an initiative of the Legal Aid Society of Cincinnati .
The first historical mention of Agra is in 1501 , when Sultan Sikandar Lodi made it his capital .
Postal Service data to define the relationship between costs and cost drivers .
Marriage is an important institution .
well that 's pretty typical though uh i do n't uh i do n't guess it 's going to be any much different uh than than it has been in the past so i expect uh July and August we 'll see our or uh share of hundred degree days
They crossed the Forth from Dunfermline at the narrows known to this day as Queensferry .
Most of the dances are suggestive of ancient courtship rituals , with the man being forceful and arrogant , the woman shyly flirtatious .
Very well '' but it 's all extremely mysterious . We were running into Tadminster now , and Poirot directed the car to the `` Analytical Chemist . '' Poirot hopped down briskly , and went inside .
I awoke looking up at stone lit by fire .
right that 's that 's supposedly
It recalls William Randolph Hearst 's castle in Caleornia , with its imaginative juxtaposition of ancient Roman and Chinese sculpture , fine Venetian glass chandeliers , Syvres porcelain , old Flemish masters , and naughty French erotica .
In this respect , bringing Steve Jobs back to save Apple is like bringing Gen.
Back to the subject of celebrity interviews , British magazines have published a huge number with actress Kate Winslet , the star of Titanic , to promote a new British film she has made .
It was utterly mad .
When I was in school I really liked Virginia Woolf , Schwartz said of her nascent literary tastes .
The third row of Exhibit 17 shows the Krewski , et al. .
and i use a one of those black soaker hoses that actually oozes water every where so i lace it up and down there a couple of times and i only have to water about two hours a week
Twenty-eight grants targeted statewide web sites , which encompass not only all of the LSC programs in a state , but other state justice community partners .
yeah because i was saying to him i said i 'm not that heavy i 'm not heavy you know maybe ten to fifteen pounds like any other human being
The Star reports that actress Jodie Foster is pregnant through artificial insemination .
This is one of the reasons we 're growing too weak to fight the Satheri . `` What 's wrong with a ceremony of worship , if you must worship your eggshell ? '' Dave asked .
Madrid is the perfect base for explorations into the heart and soul of Spain , with a wealth of fascinating day trips and a trio of UNESCO-honored cities just an hour or so from the city .
For example , service coordination is a popular remedy for limited funds .
oh i enjoyed it i mean it was just more for my money
In Temple Bar , the bookshop at the Gallery of Photography carries a large selection of photographic publications , and the Flying Pig is a secondhand bookshop .
The Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs of OMB approved the
Hindus then went on the rampage through Sikh communities , resulting in a round of communal violence .
Today , the island is little more than a forgotten backwater with few ferry connections to other islands , but its strong natural defenses gave it advantages in ancient times .
Well ? cried Tommy eagerly .
His mother died when he was young , and he was adopted by the Brodkeys .
The Ile Saint-Louis is an enchanted self-contained island of gracious living , long popular with the more affluent gentry and celebrities of Paris .
Do n't you know ?
Technological advances generally come in waves that crest and eventually subside .
` But if White has any designs at all on living , he 'll be as far from Little as he can possibly get by now . '
Her eyes flashed continually from one window to the other .
Critics complain that John Frankenheimer 's miniseries about the Alabama governor and presidential candidate plays fast and loose with history .
Answer ? said Julius .
The importer pays duties that are required by law
made by the FCIC based on such comments are discussed in the preambles to the final rules .
Some 72,000 volcano-zone residents were evacuated at great cost to the French government .
Oh , my friend , have I not said to you all along that I have no proofs .
oh i believe that uh mine would say the same uh but uh i seem too rely on them too much
The Balanced Scorecard Institute is a web clearinghouse for managers to exchange information , ideas , and lessons learned in building strategic management systems using the balanced scorecard approach .
4 million homes watch the evening news on CBS , ABC , and NBC .
By contrast , their grandson , who assumed the throne in 1516 , was born in Flanders in 1500 , and Charles I could barely express himself in Spanish .
` You should do the fixing . '
Barney Frank , D-Mass. , will log some of the best sound bites , while Rep.
Around the year 1400 , fighting over the island of Singapore drove the Srivijaya prince Parameswara to seek refuge up the peninsula coast with his orang laut pirate friends in their small fishing village of Melaka .
well the floor was uneven you know
Under Deng Xiaoping , Beijing actively sought to cultivate a good bilateral relationship .
Part of the original design , they were destroyed by Emperor Aurangzeb , who refused images susceptible to idolatry .
But , Slate protests , it was -LSB- Gates ' -RSB- byline that appeared on the cover .
couple of years ago i was thinking about moving to Massachusetts but uh boy i 'm glad i did n't
And there was me .
The interim rule was reviewed by INS and EOIR under Executive Order
On the other side of the peninsula , off the tourist track in the peninsula 's heel , are the curiously romantic landscapes of Puglia , from its centuries-old trulli constructions to the medieval fortresses of the German emperors .
Each working group met several times to develop recommendations for changes to the legal services delivery system .
Lalley also is enthused about other bar efforts on behalf of the poor , most notably the Legal Assistance Center will operate out of the new courthouse .
And he claimed she earned $ 11,000 a month - or $ 132,000 a year - from a home quilting business she had owned for 22 years .
From 1998 through 2000 , the federal government achieved surpluses , shifting from being a drain on net national saving to become a contributor to it .
i have been and uh some of the boy scouts have been up in there they have got some great hiking trails and camping areas up in there
Last year , they were spooked .
NHTSA concluded that while section 330 superseded the section 32902 criteria , it did not supersede the section 32902 mandate that there be CAFE standards for model year 1998 .
No . I guess I 'm going too .
There always will be a need for an attorney to do general law .
Similar conclusions have been reached by state legal needs ' studies in a dozen states including Florida , Georgia , Hawaii , Illinois , Indiana , Kentucky , Maryland , Massachusetts , Missouri , Nevada , New York , and Virginia , using a variety of methodologies for estimating the unmet legal needs of the poor .
Around the corner is the huge , domed , Neo-Classical Panth ?? on .
okay i guess we 're on
yeah i it just totally ridiculous i mean the Israeli 's could have fixed the whole problem years ago if they just sent sent their guys in there and killed Saddam
All the steps of data reduction and coding are described , along with the basis for transformations in these steps .
Participation in the rulemaking process requires -LRB- 1 -RRB- the public to be aware of opportunities to participate and -LRB- 2 -RRB- systems that will allow agencies to receive comments in an efficient and effective manner .
But it just might be because he 's afraid he 'll lose his No .
Blair has just published a volume of speeches and articles titled New Britain : My
It is perfectly feasible to spend a fortnight in Eilat , exploring the Red Sea , lying on the beaches , journeying into the Negev Desert and never see a religious building or an archaeological site .
Blair has just published a volume of speeches and articles titled New Britain : My
oh you went to the dollar movie yeah yeah they show up at the dollar movie right after they get come out you know they 're usually not not that great or did n't do that great anyway let me see let me see another movie i watched uh i want to see is uh that new one uh
China could never trump the warhead blizzard Washington would send in retaliation against any atomic attack , though the country would be loath to cede to U.S. missile defenses the deterrence afforded by its handfuls of warheads .
San ` doro did n't make it sound hypothetical , thought Jon .
Tuppence frowned .
Never mind that the movie had been out for months and that a Best Supporting Actor Oscar nomination had already been awarded for the portrayal of the female character .
Perhaps San ` doro 's views had grown into him .
yeah that 's probably a a little bit under what it is for this time of year i i think i have n't seen the weather the news the weather on the news in the evening lately but i think the average high would be it should be about seventy
There 's nobody telling that landlord to fix the property , Simmons said .
But you might as well see for yourself if you do n't believe me . The note , in Tuppence 's well-known schoolboy writing , ran as follows : `` DEAR JULIUS , `` It 's always better to have things in black and white .
I 've got it down in my notes if you want to see them . '' She extended the woven cords .
The FCC will publish a notice in the Federal Register when such approval is granted .
32 Under the RSA proposal , a worker between the ages of 25 and 60 with family earnings of at least $ 5,000 could contribute up to $ 1,000 annually through either an employer-sponsored saving plan or a tax-deferred individual account .
It is not a surprise , either , that Al Pacino chews the scenery in Devil 's Advocate . And the idea that if the devil showed up on Earth he 'd be running a New York corporate-law firm is also , to say the least , pre-chewed .
Hong Kong has long been China 's handiest window on the West , and the city is unrivaled in its commercial know-how and managerial expertise .
Though he abstains from showbizzy campaigning , he markets his virtue and exploits his legend .
No one would ever think of sentiment in connection with you .
Four or five from the town rode past , routed by their diminished numbers and the fury of the Kal and Thorn .
In this case , shareholders can pay twice for the sins of others .
Madam Regent attended church and the mission schools -LRB- which you can still visit in Honolulu -RRB- and burned images of the old Hawaiian gods , while Kamehameha II entertained lavishly in the company of his wives .
An ancient Greek trading post , the town manages to combine the atmosphere of a resort with a gutsy , bustling city life .
It 's just the beginning ! ''
yeah well Rochester 's like right on the shores is n't it
God i 'm envious
yeah that 's probably a a little bit under what it is for this time of year i i think i have n't seen the weather the news the weather on the news in the evening lately but i think the average high would be it should be about seventy
We 've been a couple of mutts , who 've bitten off a bigger bit than they can chew .
findings , the Administrator has determined that an environmental impact statement need not be prepared .
defiantly if you live in an apartment right
kind of like for the same reasons as you i just the care that goes into them and you know if i you know decide to take off for a week or so
He needs to keep his finger on the pulse to succeed during the short tourist season .
Recently I met a guy at a party over at San Barenakedino 's . '
The Edinburgh International Festival -LRB- held annually since 1947 -RRB- is acknowledged as one of the world 's most important arts festivals .
At the far end of David Street , Temple Mount is one of the world 's most sacred spots to three major religions .
He works himself into a fake froth ; does some calculated , halfhearted gonzo writing ; then collects a fat check .
I was pulled into the bar .
and i look back on that and i bought shoes i went shopping i did not need that money i did not need it i did n't need it i should n't have even qualified to get it i did n't need it and it would have been a little rough i might have eaten some bologna instead of roast beef out of the deli but i did not need it and as i look back now now we 're paying that back i told my son if you have to live in the ghetto to go to college do it but do n't take out ten thousand dollars in loans do n't do it and i do n't i hope do n't think he 'll have to do that but i just so like we might if we did n't have those loans we could have saved in the last five years the money for that and i believe we would have because God 's really put it in our heart not to get in debt you know but we have friends at church that do this on a constant basis that are totally debt free and they pay cash for everything they buy
The living is not equal to the Ritz , he observed with a sigh .
oh yeah well i play softball a couple of times a year it 's they 're getting ready to start up the the season again
uh was n't that Jane Eyre no he wrote Jane Eyre too
Up here , gazing out at strikingly lush mountains , you may find yourself higher than the clouds , which adds to the extraordinarily eerie atmosphere of the place .
OMB issued the guidance in Memorandum M0010 , dated April 25 , 2000 .
But for some recipients , there is a downside to the checks from Anthem Inc. , issued to policyholders as part of the insurer 's conversion to a publicly traded company .
i think that yeah i think and i i think that 's real important
eligible individuals and the rules that apply if a state does not substantially enforce the statutory requirements .
and they 're fairly close to the water are n't they i mean they 're right on the late
As a result of these procedures , the Department estimates an annual net savings of $ 545 million .
well we bought this with credit too well we found it with a clearance uh down in Memphis i guess and uh
The building will also house two smaller volunteer-based programs , the Multi-Cultural Law Center and the Senior Lawyer Volunteer Project .
Two of them saw Thorn coming .
You can also view a Roman Nileometer carved in the rock which measured the height of the river and helped the ancient priests to time the announcement of the Nile flood that initiated a movement of workers from the fields to community projects such as temple building .
The setting -- wherever it might be -- always seems authentic , not as if it were a Hollywood back lot .
Lifetime Extension of SCR De-NOx Catalysts Using SCR-Tech 's High Efficiency Ultrasonic Regeneration Process
I do n't know all the answers , fella .
Every August young women convene to light joss sticks and some even climb the nine-meter -LRB- 30-ft -RRB- rock to pray for good husbands .
Despite protests by preservationists , there was little alternative .
His failure will endure .
But in 1799 doom was signaled for the cane monopoly with the appearance of the cheaper sugar beet .
oh that 's not really important the the other stuff is just you know window dressing because we we 've never ordered anything fact the the van that we 've got we bought uh from an estate it was an estate trade uh it was almost brand new the the gentlemen who owned it had died
They even smiled at Susan and she smiled back .
Do n't miss the open-air market close by the wharves .
From here , many HIV researchers are putting their hopes on combining drug treatments with strategies that boost the immune system .
Kentucky officials say there is a virtual epidemic of abusive relationships in the state .
Wanniski and company have been drubbed by the Wall Street Journal , the New York Times ' A.M.
6 cents are used for domestic investment .
If anyone has a good idea about how to bring back the opinion leaders of yore , I am all for it .
The FCC has created two tiers of small business for this service with the approval of the SBA .
Vatican II gave rise to a less hierarchical and more outward-looking Catholicism and set the stage for once-unthinkable innovations like plainclothes nuns and the celebration of the Mass in English and other modern languages .
To accommodate these fluctuations and use resources evenly , it would seem reasonable to offer two tiers of rapid and deferred , with air transportation being used for the rapid product .
The museum is open from 9am to 1pm and 2 to 5pm Monday to Friday -LRB- with audio-visual shows in the afternoon -RRB- , and on Saturday mornings .
Even after we hire good people , we need to take steps to retain them .
Continue along the Quai Saint-Nicolas to the Mus ?? e Alsacien at num?ber 23 , a group of 16th - and 17th-century houses appropriate to the colorful collections of Alsatian folklore .
He said the Web site will help bridge the digital divide that keeps the poor from using the Internet as a resource .
-LRB- Cohen 1999 -RRB- Although many observers would view this as an extreme step it could reduce costs and allow increased efficiencies .
that 's uh only way to do it
Although claims data provide the most accurate information about health care use , ensuring adequate follow-up for purposes of obtaining information from patient self-report is important because many people do not report alcohol-related events to insurance compa-nies .
it ca n't last seven years but it can last five IBM says let 's throw it away Leading Edge will say we 'll buy it from you
yes i i always turn on the TV set and it seems like i catch that program in the last five minutes and
It was replaced in 1910 by the famous old pontoon bridge with its seafood restaurants , which served until the present bridge was opened in 1992 .
Nabatean trading town on the route from Gaza to Petra .
i think yeah and it 's a just a nice escape and you know it 's something to laugh at and enjoy
a 808 -LRB- 2 -RRB- only applies if the agency finds with good cause that notice and public procedure thereon are impracticable , unnecessary , or contrary to the public interest .
After the recovery of Jerusalem in 1099 , it took four hundred years of sieges and battles , treaties , betrayals , and yet more battles , before Christian kings and warlords succeeded in subduing the Moors .
Also downtown is the Flower Market , on Wall and 8th streets ; fresh-cut flowers and a variety of plants can be had for bargain prices , but the best selections are found before dawn .
She has exchanged a hollow life for a heightened life , and has tried to comprehend all its turns , get its possibilities .
However , the other young lady was most kind .
Said we was a-staying at the inn .
Click here for Finkelstein 's explanation of why this logic is expedient .
I feel , though , that I should like to point out to you once more the risks you are running , especially if you pursue the course you indicate .
OMB has approved the information collection contained on the Form ADV and has
Recently I met a guy at a party over at San Barenakedino 's . '
In keeping with other early Buddhist tenets , there is no figurative representation of Buddha here , However , there is a large gilded statue from a later period inside , and behind the temple are the spreading branches and trunks of the sacred Bodhi Tree , which is said to have grown from a sapling of the first one that stood here 2,500 years ago .
A more unusual dish is azure , a kind of sweet porridge made with cereals , nuts , and fruit sprinkled with rosewater .
Watch for Pagla Jhora , the Mad Torrent , just after Gladstone 's Rock -LRB- shaped like the statesman 's head -RRB- .
Even as more people are accumulating balances through employer-sponsored 401 -LRB- k -RRB- saving plans and individual retirement accounts , personal saving-which does not reflect gains on existing assets-has declined .
well i think i got to agree with you there
Vishnu 's wife Lakshmi is goddess of good fortune .
okay what types of music do you like to listen to
Hardly catering to locals , Universal Citys Cityalk attempts to snag tourist dollars with its extensive collection of retail wonders , including magic shops , toy stores , sports shops , and a host of science fiction memorabilia .
so are can i just ask you are you Canadian
The policy succeeded , and I was fortunate to have had the opportunity to make that contribution to my people .
36 million could mean the state 's legal services for the poor will lose six of their 21 regional offices , the head of a poverty-law resource center said .
But the arguments that it would do harm seem unpersuasive .
defiantly if you live in an apartment right
uh unemployment runs approximately six percent
Agencies may perform the analyses required by sections 603 and 604 in conjunction with or as part of any other agenda or analysis required by other law if such other analysis satisfies the provisions of these sections .
He felt the off-hand dagger 's weight in the small of his back .
These men had never seen rain before , Jon realized .
But although the 60 Minutes producer is played by the star -LRB- Pacino grandstands , but not to the point of distraction -RRB- , Bergman 's story does n't have the same primal force .
And who should decide ?
With dark eyes and eyelashes she would have been a beauty .
This having come to his stepmother 's ears , she taxed him with it on the afternoon before her death , and a quarrel ensued , part of which was overheard .
Marilyn Manson is darker , more serious , and more vicious than Alice Cooper was .
Because of limited resources , local legal services programs are forced to turn away tens of thousands of people with critical legal problems .
you know even even into major things just to keep our car longer because i do n't think we get the money that we put into them out of them in two years or three years and of course i was never in a position where i could trade my car off every two years
The chain wielder smiled at her .
As black as it is , Heathers has the same theme as the Ringwald/Cusack movies .
Perhaps tax reform does n't appeal to the new spiritualized side of Bradley .
That 's the second time you 've made that sort of remark .
Then he sobered .
It 's thought he used the same architect who worked on the Taj Mahal .
yeah i was in Peru Peru but um i there were n't as i recall or at least i was n't aware of that many Americans there except for a very heavy concentration of Peace Corps volunteers this was when the Peace Corps first are started and it was one of the big targets
The city plans to build a community center for Lincoln Place and a future fire station on the site .
For an authentic feel of old Portugal , slip into the cool entrance hall of theimpressive Leal Senado -LRB- Loyal Senate building -RRB- , a fine example of colonial architecture .
It is nice to be reminded that people remember .
Ickes apparently made calls to donors from his government office , but there is no evidence so far that anyone else solicited funds in a federal building .
Trump , who said he would decide by March whether to run for president , would likely spend $ 100 million to $ 200 million of his own money on a campaign .
Working for Philip Morris is n't like defending an indigent murderer in a death penalty appeal .
Also , the Holy Family are said to have sheltered here on their return from Egypt .
Base year data will be actual receipt and outlay data for the last completed fiscal year
These men had never seen rain before , Jon realized .
The much-previewed profile of Michael Huffington reveals that he is -- surprise , surprise -- gay .
Then I considered .
The city was founded in the third millennium b.c. on the north shore of the bay , and reached a peak during the tenth century b.c. , when it was one of the most important cities in the Ionian Federation the poet Homer was born in S myrna during this period .
Possibly three months . ''
Why , when I was your age , I already had ... '' Dave was n't listening any longer .
The church of Panagia Theoskepastos houses a fine 14th-century icon , and the Catholic Cathedral has a tenth-century Madonna and Child .
oh i 've never itemized yet
Pearl Jam detractors still ca n't stand singer Eddie They say he 's unbearably self-important and limits the group 's appeal by refusing to sell out and make videos .
In April 1453 the Sultan 's armies massed outside the city walls , outnumbering the Byzantines ten to one .
To keep the colors fresh , he dabbed the carcass with blood from a pail , then grabbed his paintbrushes to capture those lurid reds on canvas .
Dinosaurs poked around the remains ; twitchy little scavengers , fighting over scraps .
audits and other reviews , including those showing deficiencies and recommendations reported by auditors and others who evaluate agencies ' operations , -LRB- 2 -RRB- determine proper actions in response to findings and recommendations from audits and reviews , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- complete , within established time frames , all actions that correct or otherwise resolve the matters brought to management 's attention .
There are also ferries to Discovery Bay .
Pro-choicers point out that these close-up images literally cut the fetus 's context -- the woman -- out of the picture .
Mack Lee , Body Servant of General Robert E. Lee Through the Civil War , published in 1918 .
Two is enough for a secret .
Further , given the dynamic environment agencies face , employees need incentives , training , and support to help them continually learn and adapt .
The final aim of screening must be improved outcomes through referral and counseling .
` Best we could hope for . '
yeah uh-huh yeah it 's one of the things uh if you read in the newspapers and stuff he 's the critics really like it or they really do n't
He pointed at his bald head .
But when the cushion is spent in a year or two , or when the next recession arrives , the disintermediating voters will find themselves playing the roles of budget analysts and tax wonks .
Troyes is also a center for shopping , with two outlet centers selling both French and international designer-name fashions and home accessories .
In the depths of the Cold War , many Americans suspected Communists had infiltrated Washington and were about to subvert our democracy .
San ` doro 's blood ran over Stark 's blade and into Stark 's other cupped hand .
Acute Bronchitis Upper Respiratory Symptoms Lower Respiratory Symptoms Work Loss Days Minor Restricted Activity Days -LRB- minus asthma attacks -RRB-
Dan Burton , in an appearance on Good Morning , America , said he had sent a letter to Attorney General Janet Reno urging her to have the FBI seize the Kuhn paperback immediately so it can be examined by its own labs .
Instead of indulging in the usual teary nostalgia about baseball -LRB- that means you , Ken Burns -RRB- , Will considered it as a craft , explaining exactly why a manager calls a hit-and-run now and not on the next pitch , how a pitcher sets up his fastball , why a shortstop moves in a step for one kind of double play and out a step for another .
Gore has been Clinton 's lackey for more than six years .
Of how , when tea was done , and everyone had stood , He reached for my head , put his hands over it , And gently pulled me to his chest , which smelledOf dung smoke and cinnamon and mutton grease.I could hear his wheezy breathing now , like the prophet 's Last whispered word repeated by the faithful.Then he prayed for what no one had time to translate -- His son interrupted the old man to tell him a groupOf snake charmers sought his blessing , and a blind thief.The saint pushed me away , took one long look , Then straightened my collar and nodded me toward the door .
To address these concerns , we supplement our Base Estimate of benefits with a series of sensitivity calculations that make use of other sources of concentration-response and valuation data for key benefits categories .
How did this man know ?
Normally , these discussions are kept secret .
A stable funding level not only supports GAO 's strong return on investment of $ 57 for every $ 1 spent , it creates the environment necessary to recruit , retain , compensate , train and motivate a strong and capable workforce .
Summary of Deferred Maintenance as of September 30 , 199Z -LRB- in Millions of Dollars -RRB- :
I 'm not sentimental , you know . '' She paused .
There 's one thing , he thought to himself , `` they ca n't go on shooting .
He says he brought the proposal for professional parachute helmets with an air-bag system . '
um-hum yes i was amazed we spent the only time we played on our trip was in Douglas Arizona and uh that was just
Participate in the postaward audit for assessing thedegree of success of the acquisition .
The Star reports that actress Jodie Foster is pregnant through artificial insemination .
and the NIT semifinals are on tonight
Arsenic would put poor Emily out of the way just as well as strychnine .
i 've yeah i 've done it before and when i was in high in high school and college and thoroughly enjoyed it and and it 's really a a blast my wife hates it but that 's the way life is i guess
So far , however , the number of mail pieces lost to alternative bill-paying methods is too small to have any material impact on First-Class volume .
Or Sherlock Holmes ? ''
Something in his mind seemed also to have developed a `` tan '' that let him face the bite of chance without flinching .
He 's chosen Meg Ryan .
Evaluating the intent of the six principles , we observed that they naturally fell into three distinct sets , which we refer to as critical success factors .
Mr. Inglethorp , said the Coroner , `` you have heard your wife 's dying words repeated here .
Unless the report is restricted by law or regulation , auditors should ensure that copies be made available for public inspection .
Now sink of sorrow I who live -- the more the wrong!Who wishing death , whom death denies , whose thread is all too long ; Who tied to wretched life , who looks for no relief , Must spend my ever dying days in never ending grief .
Two natural rock formations are always pointed out on excursions .
yeah uh-huh yeah it 's one of the things uh if you read in the newspapers and stuff he 's the critics really like it or they really do n't
It shows clearly enough that my poor old friend had just found out she 'd been made a fool of !
He fled in his car when cops arrived and led them on a chase that ended in the massive crash .
According to the Natural Resources Conservation Service , this single , voluntary program will provide flexible technical , financial , and educational assistance to farmers and ranchers who face serious threats to soil , water , and related natural resources on agricultural and other lands , including grazing lands , wetlands , forest lands , and wildlife habitats .
A newly unified Christian Spain under the Catholic Monarchs , Ferdinand and Isabella , completed the Reconquest , defeating the only Moorish enclave left on the Iberian peninsula , Granada , in 1492 .
The pope , suggesting that Gen.
Professor Rogers began her career by clerking for The Honorable Thomas D. Lambros of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio .
During the half-century of its existence , Israel has absorbed approximately 2.5 million Jewish immigrants , displaced persons , refugees , and survivors of the Nazi Holocaust .
Have her show it , '' said Thorn .
Wanniski and company have been drubbed by the Wall Street Journal , the New York Times ' A.M.
Then he is very sure .
um-hum yeah that 's very true you know how many is it they say we have so many lawyers in this country and i guess i i live near Washington being in in Baltimore it 's something like one in four people in the Washington
Yes , sir .
Angry consumers would complain about cheapo car care .
Even though national saving remains relatively low by U.S. historical standards , economic growth in recent years has been high because more and better investments were made .
I put it to you that , wearing a suit of Mr. Inglethorp 's clothes , with a black beard trimmed to resemble his , you were there '' and signed the register in his name !
The pieces paying 33 .
People make two justified complaints about our Slate 60 ranking of America 's largest contributors to charity .
you know maybe it just was n't possible at all in the first place you know like the no new taxes thing you know that 's uh with the economy going the way it is and everything that was nearly ridiculous thing to
They did this to us .
The National Football League semifinals are set .
Most menu prices include taxes and a service charge , but it 's customary to leave a tip if you were served satisfactorily .
Numbers began wafting about on the I 'd say at least five
It started with The Wild Bunch : We sexualized violence , we made it beautiful .
Oh , yes , sir . Dorcas was looking very curiously at him and , to tell the truth , so was I.
They returned to live in the Galilee village of Nazareth , making pilgrimages to Jerusalem .
Inside the Oval White House Tapes From FDR to Clinton
Castlerigg near Keswick is the best example .
The tomb guardian will unlock the gate to the tunnel and give you a candle to explore the small circular catacomb , but for what little you can see , it is hardly worth the effort .
But they also do n't seem to mind when the tranquillity of a Zen temple rock garden is shattered by recorded announcements blaring from loudspeakers parroting the information already contained in the leaflets provided at the ticket office ; when heavy-metal pop music loudly emanates from the radio of the middle-aged owner of a corner grocery store ; and when parks , gardens , and hallowed temples are ringed by garish souvenir shops whose shelves display both the tastefully understated and the hideously kitsch .
If Washington Square is underripe , U-Turn and Devil 's Advocate are rotting .
Then as he caught the other 's sidelong glance , `` No , the chauffeur wo n't help you any .
Figure 1 : Delivery Points to Stops
Inflation is supposed to be a deadly poison , not a useful medicine .
She will step down from the court in December 2002 .
uh yeah they were uh they were very good i was impressed
Princes Street is to Scots what Oxford Street is to the English the premier shopping street of the land .
The universal credibility problem with polling is that wordsmithing and mathematics do n't mix , and never will .
When Jesus was born in about 4 b.c. , Joseph and Mary escaped Herod 's paranoia by fleeing into Egypt with the new-born infant .
I took to him at once .
actually i listened to one time i remember it 's this is back when rap even uh i would say about ten or fifteen years ago i
um-hum you mean when the reporter sticks the the microphone in the person says the face and says how do you feel that you house has burned to the ground
Although it 's hard to disagree with James Surowiecki 's roasting of Wade Cook in The Book on Cook , Surowiecki 's assertion that the equity stock option market is simply a big casino that contribute -LSB- s -RSB- nothing to the smooth functioning of capital markets is both wrong and silly .
I think this report shows that we have had an inordinately productive and successful year .
The next morning they ate dry bread , two strips of lean meat , and two eggs fried in animal fat on a skillet of black scorched iron .
In the meantime , the philosophy is to seize present-day opportunities in the thriving economy .
De Wit worked from likenesses of actual monarchs to produce his portraits .
yeah most mine generally stay in the windows they 're they ` re
There are actually three winding roads , or the Grande , the high road , starting out from the Avenue des Diables-Bleus in Nice ; the Moyenne , the middle one , beginning at Place Max-Barel ; and the Basse , along the coast from Boulevard Carnot , but usually jammed with traffic .
He caught his breath .
The rustic Bras-David picnic area , for example , is set alongside a burbling stream .
Among runners-up is Boston solo Eleanor Newhoff .
Two of them saw Thorn coming .
In fact , it 's wise to drive as little as possible inside Paris ; the p ?? riph ?? rique ringroad runs around the city and it 's worth staying on it until you 're as close as possible to your destination .
Five minutes later she smiled contentedly at her reflection in the glass .
no i mean there there there was nothing to it i mean
Julius nodded gravely .
Also beyond city limits is the Legacy Golf Club in the nearby suburb of Henderson .
Do you think I should be concerned ?
Typically assumed to be a high-roller card game , baccarat -LRB- bah-cah-rah -RRB- is similar to blackjack , though it 's played with stricter rules , higher limits , and less player interaction .
yeah that 's that 's always nice when you have an animal that the kids can play with like that how old are the kids
uh my uh roommate took a voice over course
and it just depends on how bad that person is
so you know it 's something we we have tried to help but yeah
Taking an ecumenical tack , nation officials in Chicago recently issued edicts commanding preachers to back off their anti-Semitic rhetoric .
Poirot answered them categorically , almost mechanically .
The museum is well laid out and the perfect size for relaxing away a couple of hours on a wet day .
That , too , was locked or bolted on the inside .
Traffic , also , has been controlled , and if you 're staying here you might want to consider getting around by bicycle ; there 's no better way to explore an island that measures no more than 20 km -LRB- 121.2 miles -RRB- from end to end , one-fifth the size of Ibiza .
It lacked intelligence , introspection , and humor -- it was crass , worthy of Cosmopolitan or Star . I do have a sense of humor , but can only appreciate a joke when it starts with a grain of truth .
Sue me , Royko wrote .
oh like if they say i i we just type it in like that
` It 's that kind of world . '
because like Tech is known to be a good engineering school and A and M maybe is known more for computers
Also , I will be assuming that the 6.0 a cost of the Postal Service to take the mail from basic to workshared condition is constant as limited quantities of mail move back and forth between basic and workshared .
He walked out into the street and I followed .
Merrion Square West , Dublin 2 .
I found her leaning against the bannisters , deadly pale .
although the uh it 's uh it we almost one day we painted the house to uh we painted we painted the whole inside and it had all this dark trim we thought uh you know we did the one wall but the other trim i 'm trying to think i think i think we left most of it because it gets to be uh they do n't do that in the newer houses now we do n't the uh mold everything is white in a new house everything is white
We are also advocating enhanced reporting in connection with key federal performance and projection information .
Strategic human capital management must be at the center of this transformation effort .
The advent of the Bronze Age -LRB- about 3200 b.c. -RRB- , and the spread of city-states ruled by kings , is marked by the appearance of royal tombs containing bronze objects in such places as Troy in the west , and Alacah ?? y ?? k near Ankara .
we only have to get up for you know for the daytime feedings
The 37 hectares -LRB- 91 acres -RRB- of garden are set on lands above the Wag Wag River , which twists through a steep and narrow valley .
eligible individuals and the rules that apply if a state does not substantially enforce the statutory requirements .
When we leave the house we shall be followed again , but not molested , FOR IT IS Mr. BROWN 'S PLAN THAT WE ARE TO LEAD HIM .
Act Accounting the Great Management Reform Act
The Saving Mystery , or Where Did the Money Go ?
in our town of five thousand we have one that is uh local FM AM station and their news is fed from CNN too uh it 's more of uh
To provide a common understanding of what is needed and expected in information technology security programs , NIST developed and published Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems -LRB- Special Pub 800-14 -RRB- in September 1996 .
As a result , an estimated four out of five low-income people requiring legal help in our community do not receive it .
Horwitz makes us see that the pinched circumstances of their lives are not so different from the conditions of their ancestors , dirt-poor yeoman farmers who seldom saw , much less owned , a slave .
Sure , the man yells back , you 're in a hot air balloon about 30 feet above this field .
In 2001 , LSC continued to play an active role in encouraging and supporting states ' technology plans .
The first , reached from Luxor , is Esna , 54 km -LRB- 33 miles -RRB- by road .
Do n't forget to take a change of clothing and a towel .
The Balanced Scorecard Institute is a web clearinghouse for managers to exchange information , ideas , and lessons learned in building strategic management systems using the balanced scorecard approach .
excessively violent i was worried it 's like golly if kids start imitating that
Part of the reason for the difference in pieces per possible delivery may be due to the fact that five percent of possible residential deliveries are businesses , and it is thought , but not known , that a lesser percentage of possible deliveries on rural routes are businesses .
But the third try worked better .
On the left of the entrance ramp is the open space once occupied by the Temple of Athena , close to which are the remains of the Pergamene library .
The importer pays duties that are required by law
There 's a lot of villas all the way along , but by degrees they seemed to get more and more thinned out , and in the end we got to one that seemed the last of the bunch .
I 'm confused .
The Black River , at 71 km -LRB- 44 miles -RRB- , is the longest in Jamaica ; it was an arterial route used to transport rum and lumber from the inland plantations .
` But if White has any designs at all on living , he 'll be as far from Little as he can possibly get by now . '
If that investor were willing to pay extra for the security of limited downside , she could buy put options with a strike price of $ 98 , which would lock in her profit on the shares at $ 18 , less whatever the options cost .
In particular , the model provides a useful framework for assessing the long-term implications of alternative budget policies through their effect on national saving .
New York Times columnist Bob Herbert asserts that managed care has bought Republican votes and that patients will die as a result .
I hope that all key parties will take the necessary steps to address any real and perceived problems that serve to undercut public trust and confidence .
no never heard of it
The year of 1820 was a pivotal one in the story of the King?dom of Hawaii .
Each room was outfitted with a leather sofa and three fold-out beds for students exhausted after a full day of hard work .
i think it 's ninety two
It recalls William Randolph Hearst 's castle in Caleornia , with its imaginative juxtaposition of ancient Roman and Chinese sculpture , fine Venetian glass chandeliers , Syvres porcelain , old Flemish masters , and naughty French erotica .
What the judge really wants are the facts -- he wants to make a good decision , he said .
The Shore Temple , which has withstood the wind and the waves for 12 centuries , is made up of two shrines .
Deborah Pryce said Ohio Legal Services in Columbus will receive a $ 200,000 federal grant toward an online legal self-help center .
and uh my daughter gets irate when i when i do that because you know she 's a teenager
Unsurprisingly , golfing is prohibitively expensive .
yeah i do remember that and uh i remember as a kid my parents watching the Ed Sullivan Show that was really the big deal in our household was the Ed Sullivan Show yeah i guess i guess it was a Saturday night and i went to see the movie The Doors a couple of days ago and they had this scene
First , get the basics right , that is , the blocking and tackling of financial reporting .
Lincoln glared .
Based on field observations and some discussions with U.S.
An organization 's activities , core processes , and resources must be aligned to support its mission and help it achieve its goals .
the winged Victory of Samothrace and the beautifully proportioned Venus de Milo .
The organizations usually allowed individual members who had changed employers to continue participation .
Maps of hiking trails are available at the Government Publications Ceter , Low Block , Government Offices , 66 Queensway in Central .
yeah i 've always threatened to take lessons but i 've never gotten around to it
The campaigns seem to reach a new pool of contributors .
Beside the fortress lies an 18th-century caravanserai , or inn , which has been converted into a hotel , and now hosts regular folklore evenings of Turkish dance and music .
that 's hilarious to to get that jack off that 's right oh that 's a funny story
Michael B. Wachter of the University of Pennsylvania and his colleagues conclude that there is a wage and fringe benefit premium for the postal bargaining labor force of 29 .
Oh , what a fool I feel !
Each caters to a specific crowd , so hunt around until you find the one right for you .
the only thing that they had a great abundance of was uh you know human beings
Saint-Paul-de-Vence
i wish it was as good over here as it is over there but if you 're the
The spear missed Vrenna by only a hand-span .
Other advantages the Postal Service could retain relate to such things as the payment of taxes , the need for a return on investment , the right of eminent domain , and immunity from parking tickets .
Blue says Blumenthal claimed Clinton had told him that Lewinsky had made unwanted sexual advances .
The vineyards hug the gentle slopes between the Vosges and the Rhine Valley along a single narrow 120-km -LRB- 75-mile -RRB- strip that stretches from Marlenheim , just west of Strasbourg , down to Thann , outside Mulhouse .
For more sweeping panoramas , you can hike for less than an hour to either summit Petit-Bourg -LRB- 716 m/2 ,349 ft -RRB- or Pigeon -LRB- 770 m/2 ,526 ft -RRB- .
But in fact Haveman and Wolfe 's statistical analysis is designed to rule out this and similar alternative theories , leaving us to conclude that the moves themselves are harmful .
Land of Lincoln helped Tasha Johnson of Marion get Social Security benefits to support her four children after the 29-year-old woman was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma , a type of cancer , she said .
` We ca n't find him , Benjamin , ' Lincoln/Natalia said .
well and i i noticed since we moved down here to Texas my husband is originally from Texas but uh i 'm not and that you do n't have to have uh such a wide variety of seasonal clothes that you do up north where you have to
But if you do , kill them .
He seemed to have aged a thousand years .
The strychnine had been found in a drawer in the prisoner 's room .
well so okay you need to get married and have kids and then when they 're big enough you can have them go do the yard and you can do what you want to do
and then you can add cocoa powder to it to make chocolate or after it 's thickened i cook it for a good once it starts boiling i just i cook it for a good seven minutes
Now open political debate flourished , especially in Calcutta where Karl Marx was much appreciated .
they take the football serious
um pardon me
In this enclosed but airy building , you 'll find ladies with large machetes expertly chopping off hunks of kingfish , tuna , or shark for eager buyers .
what does um is Robby Robin Williams does he have a funny part in the movie or is
oh yeah well i play softball a couple of times a year it 's they 're getting ready to start up the the season again
uh-huh you ca n't do that in a skirt poor thing
um-hum you mean when the reporter sticks the the microphone in the person says the face and says how do you feel that you house has burned to the ground
Whether you drink beer or alcohol or not , a trip to Dublin is n't complete without a visit to some of its pubs do n't miss this experience .
In America , his colleagues are mostly defeated -LRB- Miss Mudd , his predecessor on his first job , has retired early in disgust -RRB- when they are n't sadistic .
For fiscal year 1996 , Congress determined that the Commission should recover $ 126,400,000 in costs , an amount 8.6 percent higher than required in fiscal year 1995 .
Where do you think she can be , Sir James ? '' The lawyer shook his head .
I should think some one had taken charge of it . ''
i understand i can imagine you all have much trouble up there with insects or
From here , many HIV researchers are putting their hopes on combining drug treatments with strategies that boost the immune system .
Stale macho jokes and formulaic cliffhangers drive this chase-by-numbers thriller on the bumpy road to nowhere -LRB- Holden , the New York Times -RRB- .
Blessed with preternatural gregariousness , good humor , and a love of attention , he 's been tireless about pursuing both celebrity and the cause of popular history ever since .
She was a very good mistress to me , sir .
yeah right right yeah i know i uh i remember my college days and having to do that too
And it was exactly on such a day , as this carefully selected Wednesday -LRB- which blushed from this distinction -RRB- , that the mini-anti-aggressor was going to make the biggest of impressions .
for the direct sunlight and stuff right but uh but i i have n't really found it too bad we 've lived in our house about uh oh thirteen years i suppose and and really really only painted once and you know it was new when we bought it and we painted one time since then but you know it 's probably going to be time to paint again in a couple of years
i 'm on i 'm in the Plano school system and living in Richardson and there is a real dichotomy in terms of educational and economic background of the kids that are going to be attending this school
We saw a whole new model develop - a holistic approach to lawyering , one-stop shopping , she said .
As the budgets , functions , and points of service of many government programs devolve to state and local government , private entities and nonprofit organizations , and other third parties , it may become harder for GAO to obtain the records it needs to complete audits and evaluations .
Jamaican music ska and , especially , reggae has since the 1970s been exported and enjoyed around the world .
You will find a number of Mary 's personal effects on display .
and uh you know it 's like they they consider that but it would be the same way here you know it 's like if if you had to do it you know you have a big sign i 'm sorry i do n't get paid you know
actually i think abortion 's going to take a turn where there 's not going to be as many because i think contraceptives are going to be more popular i mean i realize that they are popular now but i think
I said it and I 'm glad .
i think that 's great there 's a few places in Houston where they 're trying that out i do n't know if it 's the if they 've done it citywide yet or not where they have the color coded uh bags and uh bins
I never said you were a mandrake-man .
However , if people can readily withdraw money from tax-preferred accounts for purposes other than retirement , there is no assurance that tax incentives would ultimately enhance individuals ' retirement security .
While documenting the basis for judgments can be more difficult than documenting nonjudgmental information , overall the chain of evidence or audit trail techniques should not pose any greater difficulty for GAO evaluators than our documentation procedures for other evaluation methods .
The riotous revelry roars right past Mardi Gras -LRB- Shrove Tuesday -RRB- when red-costumed children star as devils , to its peak on Ash Wednesday .
The first installment of the Star Wars Trilogy Special Edition opened in theaters everywhere .
and he 's an engineer so he even came over and set it up for me and had it running for like two hundred dollars so i thought that
8th circa b.c.Greeks colonize Sicily and other southern regions
Moreover , it is possible to have questions that require nested case studies .
I just stopped where I was .
um-hum um-hum yeah well uh i can see you know it 's it 's it 's it 's kind of funny because we it seems like we loan money you know we money with strings attached and if the government changes and the country that we loan the money to um i can see why the might have a different attitude towards paying it back it 's a lot us that you know we do n't really loan money to to countries we loan money to governments and it 's the
Do you think Mrs. Inglethorp made a will leaving all her money to Miss Howard ? I asked in a low voice , with some curiosity .
In addition , special service areas are funded for two populations with special needs - Native Americans and migrant workers .
Kutchins and Kirk cite a particularly amusing example of such Robert Spitzer , the man in charge of DSM-III , was sitting down with a committee that included his wife , in the process of composing a criteria-set for Masochistic Personality Disorder -- a disease that was suggested for , but never made it into , the DSM-III-R -LRB- a revised edition -RRB- .
because like Tech is known to be a good engineering school and A and M maybe is known more for computers
The park was established in 1935 and was given Corbett 's name after India became independent .
Both professors soon realized that creating a new language was not an easy task .
Many Gothic and Renaissance buildings have been lovingly restored .
At the end of the Wars of Spanish , Austrian , and Polish Succession , the Austrians had taken over northern Italy from the Spanish .
This confluence of a bad tax , a $ 1 billion reserve , a botched opposition campaign , and voters willing to call a bluff resulted in the I-695 victory .
you know it 's easy to say well yeah let 's let 's put these old folks in a home but when i think i do n't want to do that you know i do n't want to be have my little home i always threaten my daughters i say well
So he goes out and walks in the woods , little dreaming that Mrs. Inglethorp will open his desk , and discover the incriminating document .
i 'm not exactly sure
Each state is different , and in some states , intra-state regions differ significantly as well .
and you know if i know that they 're gon na be there you know you you i try to really watch it and like you say you know really dress up and if i know they 're not you know i i 've been doing a lot of reorganization you know the last couple of months the same way you are you know and it 's just so it 's just impossible to crawl down on the floor and dig through boxes in a dress you know it is so
Have you got him ? ''
Fira is a shopper 's paradise , a series of narrow alleys where you can wander free from the fear of traffic , although keep your eyes and ears open for donkeys .
Still Bork waited , staring upwards .
So they set about clearing the land for agriculture , setting fire to massive tracts of forest .
You wonder whether he could win a general election coming out of the right lane of the Democratic Party .
For an authentic feel of old Portugal , slip into the cool entrance hall of theimpressive Leal Senado -LRB- Loyal Senate building -RRB- , a fine example of colonial architecture .
Although claims data provide the most accurate information about health care use , ensuring adequate follow-up for purposes of obtaining information from patient self-report is important because many people do not report alcohol-related events to insurance compa-nies .
Larger ski resorts are 90 minutes away .
Any subsequent alterations to the data can be readily detected .
In fact , the Lions of Delos were made from Naxos marble .
We know essentially nothing about life beyond Earth .
Buffet and a la carte available .
they might be but not at not at the human factors level
Another quarter billion plus dollars of the total amount sought was earmarked to pay down operating debt accrued in past years .
They have found a new object of their affection .
The Kal whistled and Vrenna 's eyes sparkled when she saw Jon swing it .
The second missing benefit includes gains in environmental quality , especially improved health benefits .
The final rule was determined to be an economically significant regulatory action by the Office of Management and Budget and was approved by OMB as complying with the requirements of the Order on March 26 , 1998 .
That is , businesses commonly contract out any function that can be done by another firm at a lower cost .
The museum is open from 9am to 1pm and 2 to 5pm Monday to Friday -LRB- with audio-visual shows in the afternoon -RRB- , and on Saturday mornings .
A fine Crusader arch leads down a dimly-lit broad stairway to the dark subterranean Church of the Assumption , a Greek Orthodox church .
120 `` You do not think I ought to go to the police ? ''
The four Javis children ? asked Severn .
This was the saturation and 125-piece walk sequence Enhanced Carrier Route mail volume in 1996 .
The last thing we want is any more attention or any more bounty hunters .
The technical how-tos for these three strategies will be summarized later in this paper .
These provisions may have to be reexamined as well .
It displays some superb marble sculptures of the second century a.d. , most notably a Venus and the Emperor Hadrian and his wife Sabina .
A sufficiently clever system of taxes and subsidies can induce people to make accurate reports of their own emotional distress .
Meet the Press host Tim Russert took his Christmas vacation five days early by letting Rep.
All these sites will automatically lead into George Dubbawya 's Web site -LRB- www.georgewbush.com -RRB- .
As a result of these procedures , the Department estimates an annual net savings of $ 545 million .
i tell you what i would not i would not buy a car that had the seat belt where it was hooked under the door
Ho there -- what the devil ? '' The overseer 's hand spun Hanson around .
Whether a government postal service can engage in these kinds of negotiations deserves serious study .
The Santa Monica Pier is the coastal setting for the Twilight Dance Series , a selection of free summer concerts arranged each year .
But it was quite a natural suggestion for a layman to make . ''
My body is to me like a crippled rabbit that I do n't want to pet , that I forget to feed on time , that I have n't time to play with and get to know , a useless rabbit kept in a cage that it would be cruel to turn loose .
This was the saturation and 125-piece walk sequence Enhanced Carrier Route mail volume in 1996 .
World demand increased with the growth of the motor-car and electrical industries , and sky-rocketed during World War I. By 1920 , Malaya was producing 53 percent of the world 's rubber , which had overtaken tin as its main source of income .
The Committee intends that LSC consult with appropriate stakeholders in developing this proposal .
I smiled vaguely .
Of how , when tea was done , and everyone had stood , He reached for my head , put his hands over it , And gently pulled me to his chest , which smelledOf dung smoke and cinnamon and mutton grease.I could hear his wheezy breathing now , like the prophet 's Last whispered word repeated by the faithful.Then he prayed for what no one had time to translate -- His son interrupted the old man to tell him a groupOf snake charmers sought his blessing , and a blind thief.The saint pushed me away , took one long look , Then straightened my collar and nodded me toward the door .
We did not study the reasons for these deviations specifically , but they likely result from the context in which federal CIOs operate .
According to Jane Langmuir , director of the project , water and heat come together and create a totally new appliance .
Well aware of the island 's burgeoning wealth and repository of supplies , the French pirate Bertrand de Montluc sailed into Funchal harbor with his 11-galleon armada and 1,300 men .
Beatrice and Grace made out OK legally , but some of us will never use their products again without thinking about Travolta losing his shirt in the name of those wasted-away little kids .
I regretfully acknowledge that it may even make practical sense to have a few hired guns like Norquist , Downey , and Weber around -- people of value only for their connections to power , not for any knowledge or talent .
The Romans built roads and established towns , including the towns of Palmaria -LRB- Palma -RRB- and Pollentia -LRB- near present-day Alc ?? dia -RRB- .
As Malaysia has moved resolutely into the modern age , it has also remained , culturally and historically , a rich , multi-layered blend of traditions wrapped up within a modern , busy economy .
This is arguably starting to distort the practice of science itself .
actually i think abortion 's going to take a turn where there 's not going to be as many because i think contraceptives are going to be more popular i mean i realize that they are popular now but i think
The route passes in sight of two uninhabited Es Vedr ? , which hovers like an apparition on the horizon off to the west , and Espalmador , which is popular with yachtsmen for its white-sand beach .
Therefore , the number of boilermakers may actually grow more quickly than what was assumed .
In some cases , members initially participated because of an existing trust relationship with individual leaders or sponsors , and it was a challenge to keep them returning until they saw value in participating and had built trust with other members .
On Menorca , search for more elusive prehistoric sites , or take the cliff paths of the northwest or south coasts .
We know they will have to come from the south but that gives them a space as wide as the town in which to launch their attack .
No money no results ! '' Another voice which Tommy rather thought was that of Boris replied : `` Will you guarantee that there ARE results ? ''
I did n't get it at the time . '' The thought saddened him a little , for it seemed to prove that Mrs. Vandemeyer and the girl were on intimate terms .
So , as he and Tipper walked out , my friend and I were right behind them , and I took the opportunity to say hello and reintroduce myself -- as a journalist , I might add -- and we chatted about the movie for a few minutes .
AT&T and MCI have protested the tax and pledged to pass the cost on to MCI charges 5 percent on all out of state long-distance calls , and AT&T charges a flat rate .
Rightly or wrongly , America is seen as globalization 's prime mover and head cheerleader and will be blamed for its excesses until we start paying official attention to them .
Along the eastern coastline are several fine beaches with perfect windsurfing conditions in their wide , shallow bays .
yeah well losing is i mean i 'm i 'm originally from Saint Louis and Saint Louis Cardinals when they were there were uh a mostly a losing team but
In fact , the Flamingo would launch over two decades of strong mob presence in Las Vegas .
` Would you like some tea ? '
Most traditional reform options involve workers paying more for promised benefits or getting lower benefits .
would you barbecue a turkey or a chicken or
Why blame her because she had been true to her creed ?
Like the Japanese , Chinese , and Portuguese before them , many of the new peoples would stay on in Hawaii , adding to the ethnic and racial mix that has become a hallmark of the islands .
The door opened and Severn stepped out .
The panels are to collect advice and recommendations from representatives of affected small entities as part of their deliberative process .
Under the overmechanical assumptions of affirmative-action opponents themselves -LRB- and putting aside the racial IQ theories of Murray and some others -RRB- , blacks would move up the list , and whites would move down .
External Validity The extent to which a finding applies -LRB- or can be generalized -RRB- to persons , objects , settings , or times other than those that were the subject of study .
The Ile Saint-Louis is an enchanted self-contained island of gracious living , long popular with the more affluent gentry and celebrities of Paris .
The disorder hardly seemed to exist before the stimulant Ritalin came along .
Yes , sir .
This whole unsavory episode brings back memories of skits with Monty Python ! One of my favorite lines was , You are guilty of six -- no , seven -- charges of heresy .
There is a good restaurant in the village , in addition to a well-stocked mini-market for self-catering visitors .
The end is near ! Then a shout went up , and Hanson jerked his eyes from the gears to focus on a group of rocs that were landing at the far end of the camp .
Two more weeks with my cute TV satellite dish have increased my appreciation of it .
well we bought this with credit too well we found it with a clearance uh down in Memphis i guess and uh
A good time to visit is just at the end of the monsoon in October when you can see flocks of storks , egrets , and cormorants and it is ideally combined with a full-moon trip to the Taj , but there 's plenty to see all year round .
i 'd say they appraised it it 's gone up you now maybe like five percent
This majestic room is used for modern-day entertaining when the queen hosts dinners and banquets .
If necessary to meeting the restrictions imposed in the preceding sentence , the Administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the basic Phase II allowance allocations for each unit subject to the requirements of section 414 .
On Menorca , search for more elusive prehistoric sites , or take the cliff paths of the northwest or south coasts .
i think there would be an awful lot of resentment and um i i really do n't think it would be feasible on our country
It does n't seem expensive -- they use it in Bangladesh , after all .
oh you know i like what i 'm doing right now
San ` doro did n't make it sound hypothetical , thought Jon .
He found himself thinking in circles of worry and pulled himself back to his problem .
And then I was off , the world exploding behind me .
See the idea ? '' 35 `` Then you think '' Tuppence paused to grasp the supposition fully `` that it WAS as Jane Finn that they wanted me to go to Paris ? '' Mr. Carter smiled more wearily than ever .
Vrenna looked it and smiled .
Oh , I I have n't quite worked that out .
And here , current history adds a major point .
uh-huh well maybe well i 've enjoyed talking to you okay bye-bye
The data would be presented as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the consolidated financial statements of the Federal Government but not in individual reports of its component units .
are uh very few and then the other people just plan it you know it 's like it 's like have you have have you ever seen the commercial like for Federal Express where the with uh the think tank
uh-huh and is it true i mean is it um
And frankly , the number seems a tad low to me .
These rules implement section 106 of the Federal Crop Insurance Reform Act of 1994 .
At the time of publication , this document , along with other publications pertaining to information security , was available on NIST 's Computer Security Resource Clearinghouse internet page at / / csrc.nist.gov / publications.html .
We did not study the reasons for these deviations specifically , but they likely result from the context in which federal CIOs operate .
i think it 's real good anyway it 's it 's been it was nice meeting you
Over most of the 1980s and 1990s , the U.S. was able to invest more than it saved by attracting financing from abroad .
On 4 5 May a mass of mud and rocks was swept down by Pelee 's White River -LRB- Riviyre Blanche -RRB- over a factory , killing 25 people .
Lydians and Persians
It might not stop them completely but it would slow them the first night .
Who ? asked Tommy .
He and his associates were n't operating at the level of metaphor .
okay and and i think we just hang up i do n't think we have to do anything else
The number of steps built down into the interior means that it is unsuitable for the infirm or those with heart problems .
Exhibitions are often held in the splendid entrance hall .
Every fresh circumstance seems to establish it more clearly . ''
The Case Study Guidelines
A spark of annoyance lit Lincoln 's eyes ; the smallest hint of Natalia 's Russian fire .
While headquarters staffing is to be streamlined , the staffing levels at the ports are to be maintained or increased .
it does n't have to do i mean the thing is is that you know it 's like you might be standing somewhere right and like let 's say you 're you you go you know you 're driving out and you 're driving back home and it 's late at night and you stop by one of these you know twenty four hour you know gas stations joints
there 's certain times of the year of course that uh that it probably would n't do very well because of the temperature and stuff but but uh the right time of year it works pretty good
Instead , we could recommend that , compared with other settings , the prevalence of alcohol problems among ED patients makes it worthy of careful consideration .
The recommendation comes from the court 's Task Force on Civil Equal Justice Funding , created in 2001 to look for ways to cope with the sparse amount of money available for such cases .
The Kal whistled and Vrenna 's eyes sparkled when she saw Jon swing it .
Their supplies scarce , their harvest meager , and their spirit broken , they abandoned the fort in 1858 .
um something that i i think that i 've noticed that i i have a friend i think if you 're going into like uh law or medicine a very particular very specific field even even engineering you can get you can meet a lot of the requirements at a public um institution
In the small marina you can eat while surrounded by expensive boats .
If you land by boat , Caravelle beach is yours for the using ; otherwise you 'll have to pay a nominal charge to the vacation club that owns the acreage .
Along with the latest technology , the prime minister 's office has a superb Bossi marble fireplace , as well as a fine display of art and crafts .
much with whatever it 's with the Black the Black problem or whatever that may be now
What am I to do with them afterwards ? ''
Much of Among Giants affords an agreeable blend of the gritty and the synthetic , and the two main actors are a treat .
so it 's it 's changing and the summers are getting hot and the winters are cold but i guess i can live with it
Do you know what this is ? '' With a dramatic gesture she flung back the left side of her coat and exposed a small enamelled badge .
it 's so bad wanted to mow today i was off and i wanted to mow the yard but just walking across it it 's still so mushy if i took a mower out there i 'd tear the sod up so bad
yeah what do you do
I do n't know .
Although the accounting and reporting model needs to be updated , in my view , the current attest and assurance model is also out of date .
Local boy Gates wisely built his 45,000-square-foot castle in suburban Seattle .
However the Postal Service did provide as much detail as is collected a volume distribution by transportation mode and shape for sixty individual countries .
But in 1799 doom was signaled for the cane monopoly with the appearance of the cheaper sugar beet .
uh-huh how about any matching programs
Around 1500 b.c. , a massive volcanic eruption at Santorini destroyed not only Akrotiri under feet of ash and pumice but the whole Minoan civilization .
In the USPS view of the world , institutional costs are a larger share of total costs and fewer costs can be expected to be shed , if and when , say , transaction mail leaves the system .
Some are reported as not having been wanted at all .
4 -RRB- Clinton 's job rating fell from 60 to 55 points in a Washington Post poll , apparently because pollees disapproved of his use of the White House for fund raising .
get something from from the Guess Who or
After the death of Columbus in 1505 , Jamaica became the property of his son Diego , who dispatched Don Juan de Esquivel to the island as Governor .
Also , the tobacco executives who told Congress they did n't consider nicotine addictive might now be prosecuted for fraud and perjury .
FEC Chairman Scott Thomas , a Democrat who was also at the conference , noted that the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 outlined three principles that need to be preserved on the 1 -RRB- disclosure of how money is raised and spent to influence elections ; 2 -RRB- limits on the amount that any one person can contribute to a campaign ; and 3 -RRB- restrictions on independent spending by corporations and unions .
He 's chosen Meg Ryan .
Practice 16 : Be Alert to New Monitoring Tools and Techniques
Good-bye . '' Julius was bending over the car .
On the window above the sink a small container is stuffed with bits of leftovers -- the red berries of barberry , small twigs of willow , cuttings of hinoki cypress with its fruits attached , and the pendulous leathery seed pods of wisteria .
yeah that 's where i got to too the first i got chills up and down when i heard the on the radio and the first time they started doing the bombing
It spoils the sport .
Title IV of the Clean Air Act -LRB- relating to acid deposition control -RRB-
Bill Clinton has developed a rhetoric and a series of positions that span this divide .
Julius before the safe in the flat , her own question and the pause before his reply , `` Nothing . '' Was there really nothing ?
The celebrity-obsessed magazine surpasses itself in the post-Oscar issue .
In May 1967 , Gallup found that the number of people who said they intensely disliked RFK -- who was also probably more intensely liked than any other practicing politician -- was twice as high as the number who intensely disliked Johnson , the architect of the increasingly unpopular war in Vietnam .
yeah i know the motor oil
The tents had been burned , but there was a new building where the main tent had been .
For example , the first number in Column -LRB- 10 -RRB- shows that in FY 1997 , the volume of mail sent by households to other households represented 6.6 percent of total First-Class volume .
` Why is n't a lookalike good enough for them ? '
This is Susan .
right that 's that 's supposedly
Corroborating evidence is independent evidence that supports information in the database .
There is simply no historical precedent for a large empire calling it quits because it could not compete economically or technologically .
yeah i think they get bogged down in a lot of small issues that people you know special interest groups can blow up
She hates me . ''
I will practice The Look on old French ladies who are happy to have any old look at all , I say , and then , as I get the hang of it , move gradually into the big leagues .
The gardens are among the greatest in Europe , and take in a view of the Sugar Loaf Mountain as part of their design .
Through the Web site , a total of 1,634 associates donated nearly $ 200,000 to Legal Aid in 2002 .
You 'll find galleries in all the major towns and in some of the smaller villages .
They keep romance and marriage apart '' Tommy flushed .
yeah uh-huh but we look at it sort of as an investment in the future too
A good time to visit is just at the end of the monsoon in October when you can see flocks of storks , egrets , and cormorants and it is ideally combined with a full-moon trip to the Taj , but there 's plenty to see all year round .
Small boats tie up here with batches of crayfish , fresh fish , and eel , and housewives clamor for the fishermen to weigh their choices on rudimentary scales .
The vineyards hug the gentle slopes between the Vosges and the Rhine Valley along a single narrow 120-km -LRB- 75-mile -RRB- strip that stretches from Marlenheim , just west of Strasbourg , down to Thann , outside Mulhouse .
I watched her hips shift in and out of the sides of her wrap .
i always wait for the movie i do n't have time to read the book
What 's more , there is no evidence of any competitive evaluation of Tripp before she was offered this job .
H-2A agricultural workers are required to maintain a foreign residence which they have no intention of abandoning .
but i think let 's see the teams that were there last year were see somebody from California i do n't even know who won the pennant last year
God i 'm envious
He touched it and felt his skin swelling and growing hot .
yeah well Rochester 's like right on the shores is n't it
Can you point me to housewares ?
The main funding source for Maryland 's legal services to the poor has fallen on hard times , and advocates are preparing to seek unprecedented state financial help - even as they keep an eye on a legal challenge that threatens to cut off a main source of funding for such services nationwide .
Also , why Princess Di was like President The public cared more about her empathy than about her actions .
Anyway , she was found dead this morning . ''
As he stepped across the threshold , Tommy brought the picture down with terrific force on his head .
But we do n't rule out regulation in the future if industry fails to do a good job of policing itself .
The analyses utilized different assumptions and generally resulted in smaller expenditure impact estimates than noted above .
There 's nothing like the trendy resort clothing available here , styled on the island by the designers of the Ad-Lib group .
Chennai , known until 1996 as Madras , is easy-going , pleasant , and remarkably uncrowded .
Big Game Fishing and Boat Trips .
Jon was about to require a lot from her .
Where is art ?
Search out the House of Dionysos and the House of the Trident with their simple floor patterns , and the House of Dolphins and the House of Masks for more elaborate examples , including Dionysos riding a panther , on the floor of the House of Masks .
Tabulations of actual meetings and of consequent actions for same-agency funded and different-agency funded services can help check out whether this impression is reliable .
I 'm not interested in tactics , Al. .
He asserted that the area was blessed with the highest concentration of exactly those natural features that , when combined , create the most pleasing and relaxing vistas possible landscapes composed of lakes representing the source of life in water , trees offering the promise of shelter , smooth areas providing easy walking and a curved shoreline or path in the distance to stimulate curiosity .
i do n't know um do you do a lot of camping
Along with each step , certain practices proved especially important to the success of their efforts .
yeah uh-huh oh yeah petting zoos and things
I 've always jumped on sentiment and here I am being more sentimental than anybody .
It will be held in the Maryland woods , and the telecast will consist of jittery footage of the contestants ' slow descent into madness as they are systematically stalked and disappeared/disqualified by Bob Barker .
The original wax models of the river gods are on display in the Civic Museum .
These two accounts are commonly combined in discussing the Social Security program .
Not only must capital goods be replaced as they depreciate , but new generations of workers must be comparably
so i guess my experience is is just with what we did and and so they did n't really go through the child care route they were able to be home together
we were lucky in that in one respect in that after she had her stroke she was n't really you know really much aware of what was going on
My usual partner . '
5 percent for educational lay programs relating to law and justice , and other public service programs such as the High School Mock Trial Competition and numerous publications .
what was the problem
But a list of who 's better than other people in some aspect or another is not inevitable and does not make the economy any more prosperous or society any richer in other ways .
But I 'll take up my stand somewhere near , and when he comes out of the building I 'll drop a handkerchief or something , and off you go ! ''
Cabourg is the most stately of the old Channel resorts .
Decline in total expenditure -LRB- income -RRB- elasticity of demand from 0.36 to 0.25 over same period .
They have found a new object of their affection .
They just do n't like it as much as men do .
In America , his colleagues are mostly defeated -LRB- Miss Mudd , his predecessor on his first job , has retired early in disgust -RRB- when they are n't sadistic .
We did it with the aid of consultants and other equal justice stakeholders .
Here you 'll see the delightful but slowly disappearing indigenous FWI costume madras turban , madras skirt over petticoat , silk peplum , white blouse , and gold earrings , bracelets , and collier-choux necklace .
A small page-boy was waiting outside her own door when she returned to it .
The advent of the Bronze Age -LRB- about 3200 b.c. -RRB- , and the spread of city-states ruled by kings , is marked by the appearance of royal tombs containing bronze objects in such places as Troy in the west , and Alacah ?? y ?? k near Ankara .
At the pictures the crooks always have a restoorant in the Underworld .
Some are reported as not having been wanted at all .
World demand increased with the growth of the motor-car and electrical industries , and sky-rocketed during World War I. By 1920 , Malaya was producing 53 percent of the world 's rubber , which had overtaken tin as its main source of income .
Since there is no airport on the island , all visitors must arrive at the port , Skala , where most of the hotels are located and all commercial activity is carried out .
you do n't think it 's a deterrent
Just look at the entertainment industry 's self-image instead .
What have we for lunch ?
REPORT PREPARATION AND TEST REVIEW
The Kal nodded .
Update on the Democratic fund-raising scandal : 1 -RRB- President Clinton said FBI agents denied him advance warning about Chinese influence-buying efforts by telling his aides to keep the information secret .
We also have found that leading organizations strive to ensure that their core processes efficiently and effectively support mission-related outcomes .
She had spoken with no trace of foreign accent .
Nowadays , a poverty lawyer working for one of New York 's many agencies representing the indigent - including Legal Aid , the South Brooklyn Legal Services , the Lawyers Alliance for New York , InMotion , the Lawyers Committee for Human Rights , Volunteers of Legal Service , the Bronx Defenders and New York Lawyers for the Public Interest - might begin his or her career at $ 32,000 per annum , compared with the $ 125,000 average first-year associate salary at the city 's larger firms .
An overall increase in prices is only possible when there has been an overall increase in the amount of money in circulation .
oh that might be kind of interesting is it
They said that the current system reflects that diversity , with agencies developing new participation processes and information management systems as needed for their individual programs and communities .
' I saw him get aboard myself .
Some management consultants describe dysfunctional interactions with one 's fellow workers as value-subtracting behavior .
guess it did n't last too long at the box office but i thought it was pretty good
During his disastrous campaign in Russia , he found time in Moscow to draw up a new statute for the Com ?? die-Francaise -LRB- the national theater -RRB- , which had been dissolved during the Revolution .
The logic of analysis in case studies is the same
This usage points to yadda yadda yadda 's larger social It suggests that an ever-larger percentage of the content of everyday communication can be correctly anticipated -- probably owing in part to the sheer repetition of words and arguments in the various public media .
This guide will introduce you to many , but not all , of the popular Aegean Islands .
On 4 5 May a mass of mud and rocks was swept down by Pelee 's White River -LRB- Riviyre Blanche -RRB- over a factory , killing 25 people .
The results of even the most well designed epidemiological studies are characterized by this type of uncertainty , though well-designed studies typically report narrower uncertainty bounds around the best estimate than do studies of lesser quality .
But there is a cycle of confirmation ; if prophecy indicates a thing will happen , it will happen -- though not always as expected .
Bill Clinton has developed a rhetoric and a series of positions that span this divide .
To be sure , not all auctions are rip-offs .
You can find Manchester , Sheffield , and Cambridge in Jamaica , to name but three .
Many Lakeland hotels also quote a D , B and B -LRB- dinner , bed , and breakfast -RRB- rate , which includes the evening meal and is often quite cost-effective .
What 's more , there is no evidence of any competitive evaluation of Tripp before she was offered this job .
A rusty iron gate swinging dismally on its hinges !
Palestrina , by Hans Pfitzner , performed by the Royal Opera -LRB- Metropolitan Opera House , New York -RRB- .
Other examples of cumulative case studies come from two international agencies .
... I saw that I must lead two lives .
oh wow no i just started about well five years ago i think
He sat up , trying to free himself .
She , in turn , was worshipped by her subjects as a living god .
is n't it i can remember i 've only been here eight years but i can remember coming to work from i used to live in Wylie and i could see downtown Dallas
I will some day , if you ask me , she promised him , smiling .
The doctor accepted quite readily the theory that Mrs. Vandemeyer had accidentally taken an overdose of chloral .
I ca n't help but wonder if Shuger thought to ask himself a few simple questions before launching his attack -- questions such as , did Tripp ask to be moved to her current job ?
bGross national saving is held constant as a share of GDP at 18 .
but uh these guys were actually on the road uh two thousand miles from from home when they had to file their uh their final exams and send them in
The logic of analysis in case studies is the same
The researchers found expected stresses like the loss of a check in the mail and the illness of loved ones .
Vaikuntaperumal is a Vishnu temple of the same period , famous for its elevated colonnade of lively sculpted reliefs showing the many exploits of the Pallava kings .
Fast forward to 1994 and beyond .
He asserted that the area was blessed with the highest concentration of exactly those natural features that , when combined , create the most pleasing and relaxing vistas possible landscapes composed of lakes representing the source of life in water , trees offering the promise of shelter , smooth areas providing easy walking and a curved shoreline or path in the distance to stimulate curiosity .
Disney CEO Eisner , who 's actually underrated as a pop-culture maven -LRB- he was responsible for Happy Days and Welcome Back , Kotter -RRB- , insists that ABC 's downturn is cyclical and that it will soon return to life .
Meet the Press host Tim Russert took his Christmas vacation five days early by letting Rep.
Look here , you 've no business to come asking for me in this way .
Sit down , will you ? '' Tuppence sat down on the chair facing him .
Our work has also shown that agencies can do a better job of providing incentives to encourage employees to improve performance and achieve results .
In the ancestral environment a man would be likely to have more offspring if he got his pick of the most fertile-seeming women .
did you use a textured paint or
for one twelve dollar check
Where lies the real Japan ?
We next present the test of our hypothesis by comparing the predicted percentages for each of the seven posts with the actual percentages .
A chancy road winding up to the 475-metre -LRB- 1,560-foot -RRB- summit is likely to test the engine and suspension of your car , as well as your own persistence .
i agree with you but did you see the map they drew up on uh on how they were gon na divide up the districts
No , John , I said , `` it is n't one of us .
Also , considerable sums are spent by the Postal Service analyzing the costs associated with worksharing , and mailers/competitors incur considerable expense litigating their positions on worksharing before the Postal Rate Commission .
Also , stakeholders may not interpret principles consistently , and it is important for stakeholders to have the same conceptual framework as preparers when interpreting a principle .
Grantees statistically sample the cases closed in the previous year to determine if the sampled cases generally meet the requirements for reporting cases to LSC .
Yes , Elizabeth Taylor , Norman Mailer , Warren Beatty , David Rockefeller , and Mick Jagger will go to a nightclub , but only if they are reasonably certain that Diana Ross , William F. Buckley Jr. , Salvador Dali , Betty Ford , Frank Sinatra , Mikhail Baryshnikov , and the king of Cyprus will show up too -- and vice versa .
To keep the colors fresh , he dabbed the carcass with blood from a pail , then grabbed his paintbrushes to capture those lurid reds on canvas .
They managed to control much of the country for nearly a century before the Muslim leader Saladin -LRB- Salah-ad-Din -RRB- defeated them in 1187 .
yeah most mine generally stay in the windows they 're they ` re
The opportunity
hey it 's reaching all over
Ibiza 's seven-bulwark defences are almost completely intact .
If the collecting entity transfers the nonexchange revenue to the General Fund or another entity , the amount is accounted for as a custodial activity by the collecting entity .
There is a good restaurant in the village , in addition to a well-stocked mini-market for self-catering visitors .
and if it 's above six hundred you 're going to have to do it and i got one thirty one
and i and i may have been the only one that did both because the mentality in Dallas was that you could n't like both you had to like one and hate the other
As it is now , Web companies not only have the ability to provide diabolically precise demographic targeting to political campaigns , they can also make such offers exclusively .
So unlike people who are fortunate enough to be able to afford attorneys and can go to another lawyer , our clients are simply lost in the legal system if they can not get access to it from us .
He turned and saw Jon sleeping in his half-tent .
audits and other reviews , including those showing deficiencies and recommendations reported by auditors and others who evaluate agencies ' operations , -LRB- 2 -RRB- determine proper actions in response to findings and recommendations from audits and reviews , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- complete , within established time frames , all actions that correct or otherwise resolve the matters brought to management 's attention .
This tax preference allows state and local governments to borrow at lower rates to build highways , schools , mass transit facilities , and water systems .
On the slopes of the hill you will find Edinburgh Zoo , located just behind Corstorphine Hospital .
They are built on the site of David 's Tower , once the largest and most formidable structure in the castle .
Remember , there are over 844 million Indians out there , and a lot of them will be on the move at the same time as you will be , therefore competing for plane seats and hotel rooms .
Look for the servant girl hurtled into hell for flirting with the devil .
First , get the basics right , that is , the blocking and tackling of financial reporting .
Upriver , east of Blois , in a huge densely wooded park surrounded by 31 km -LRB- 20 miles -RRB- of high walls , the brilliant white Ceteau de Cham??bord is the most extravagant of all the royal residences in the Loire Valley .
Much of Among Giants affords an agreeable blend of the gritty and the synthetic , and the two main actors are a treat .
In fact , the sloping shoulder was the noticeable feature of the new clothes of the Dior era , coming as it did immediately in the wake of the Joan Crawford/Rosalind Russell period and its vigorous shoulder padding .
Fruit , vegetables , electronics , and a little bit of everything else is on sale here .
He took the wicked blade as well .
If they have overestimated how far the CPI is off , Boskin and his commission may institutionalize an underestimated CPI -- guaranteeing a yearly , stealth tax increase .
Pat Buchanan followed immediately behind , handing out smallpox-infected blankets and bottles of whiskey .
Britons , however , trumpet their poet laureate as worthy of the ranks of Blake , Keats , Hardy and Auden -LRB- the Times of London -RRB- .
I am glad she was n't , said Jon .
From the Index : Average number of public school students expelled each school day last year for gun 34 .
The central section of Tinos has little of interest , but make your way over the hills to the pretty village of Pyrgos , famed for its school of marble carving .
This does n't look good .
i bet it was that they do that you know they they have kittens out there in the garage or out in the barn and the first time you try to get around the kittens you know it 's you 'd have to catch them with a uh a fish net or something because they scamper away so quick
The editors , for their part , arrange to have them all written just in case I do .
bGross national saving is held constant as a share of GDP at 18 .
Even if the entire unified surplus were saved , GDP per capita would fall somewhat short of the U.S. historical average of doubling every 35 years .
i tell you what i would not i would not buy a car that had the seat belt where it was hooked under the door
sometimes well there 's definitely a lot more hitting
and i do n't think they 've repainted since
The streets are crammed with vendors selling shrine offerings of sweets , curds , and coconut , as well as garlands and holy images .
Programs that do this typically have successful cost and schedule outcomes .
Today it is possible to walk through the old agora -LRB- marketplace -RRB- and stroll along Roman roads .
It 's thought he used the same architect who worked on the Taj Mahal .
all right thanks bye bye
`` Give it to me . '' He handed it to her .
In this enclosed but airy building , you 'll find ladies with large machetes expertly chopping off hunks of kingfish , tuna , or shark for eager buyers .
She 's a crutch .
The route passes in sight of two uninhabited Es Vedr ? , which hovers like an apparition on the horizon off to the west , and Espalmador , which is popular with yachtsmen for its white-sand beach .
Bauerstein . ''
As the road climbs toward the entrance , you 'll pass fields full of Santorini 's famed tomatoes growing on the steep slopes .
In other cases , we must rely on survey approaches to estimate WTP , usually through a variant of the contingent valuation approach , which generally involves directly questioning respondents for their WTP in hypothetical market situations .
His fantastic body could heal itself against whatever they did to him , and his mind refused to accept the torture supinely .
These rules implement section 106 of the Federal Crop Insurance Reform Act of 1994 .
yeah i 'm i 'm sort of an acting process engineer but not officially but that 's pretty much what i do yeah
yep because it 's when it 's self propelled it 's heavy yeah
It started with The Wild Bunch : We sexualized violence , we made it beautiful .
Jon sat down on the ground cross legged .
course the head bangers i stay away from those entirely
Strange as it may seem to the typical household , capital gains on its existing assets do not contribute to saving as measured in NIPA .
the approving official 's knowledge true , correct , and accurate , and in accordance with applicable laws , regulations , and legal decisions .
Although it 's hard to disagree with James Surowiecki 's roasting of Wade Cook in The Book on Cook , Surowiecki 's assertion that the equity stock option market is simply a big casino that contribute -LSB- s -RSB- nothing to the smooth functioning of capital markets is both wrong and silly .
People make two justified complaints about our Slate 60 ranking of America 's largest contributors to charity .
Unless the mention of the Ritz was an accidental remark ? ''
For their part , family-planning organizations and the Clinton administration seem equally adamant .
Come on , let 's have tea .
I sha n't stop you . ''
Wear a nicely ventilated hat and keep to the shade in the street .
Two natural rock formations are always pointed out on excursions .
Watergate remains for many an unhealed wound , and Clinton 's critics delight in needling him with Watergate comparisons -- whether to Whitewater or Flytrap .
Sales of goods and services in undercover operations .
Conversely , an increase in government saving adds to the supply of resources available for investment and may put downward pressure on interest rates .
yeah that that i i had a i had a program due and uh one one window i had the program and the other one i had the program running so if there was ever a mistake i could easily check you know i could look at the program and say this is where i made the error
To help ensure the success of GPRA , the CFO Council , which the CFO Act created to provide the leadership foundation necessary to effectively carry out the Chief Financial Officers ' responsibilities , established a GPRA Implementation Committee .
Overlapping the others ?
It was like looking into a mirror , except infinitely more realistic .
The much-previewed profile of Michael Huffington reveals that he is -- surprise , surprise -- gay .
ooh that does get high yeah i mean
Something may be better than nothing . If trials compared low-cost therapy to the complete AZT regimen it 's likely that the new regimens will prove less effective .
You claimed to be a repairman for such devices . '' Hanson bent to study it again , using a diamond lens one of the warlocks handed him .
Research and development is composed of
This majestic room is used for modern-day entertaining when the queen hosts dinners and banquets .
Howard Berman of California , an influential Democrat on the House International Relations Committee .
And in this city , where literature and theater have historically dominated the scene , visual arts are finally coming into their own with the new Museum of Modern Art and the many galleries that display the work of modern Irish artists .
yes well yeah i am um actually actually i think that i at the higher level education i do n't think there 's so much of a problem there it 's pretty much funded well there are small colleges that i 'm sure are struggling
A more unusual dish is azure , a kind of sweet porridge made with cereals , nuts , and fruit sprinkled with rosewater .
That would be a tenfold increase in the Internet 's share .
My bottom line is that I would recommend the book to students and colleagues and I hope it does well , despite its anti-intellectual p.c.
uh-huh well it 's good that she does that i mean bring it to people 's attention
Your speeches are inflammatory .
From Cockpit Country to St. Ann 's Bay
These days , newspaper writers are no longer allowed the kind of license he took .
The disputes among nobles were not the first concern of ordinary French citizens .
The Passaic office is refusing to join in that reconfiguration , which goes into effect Jan. .
It must also report the information to the employee 's home agency promptly to facilitate disbursement of pay by the home agency .
Generally , if pH of scrubbing liquor falls below a range of 5.0 to 6.0 , additional reagent is required to maintain the reactivity of the absorbent .
and uh i know what nothing is when i moved out there
Recently , however , I have settled down and become decidedly less experimental .
' I really do n't feel comfortable around people who enjoy making speeches . '
This includes all testing , information review , and interviews related to data reliability .
Since there is no airport on the island , all visitors must arrive at the port , Skala , where most of the hotels are located and all commercial activity is carried out .
The Celts arrived in the wake of the Roman withdrawal at the end of the fourth century .
I took to him at once .
well i think of uh you mean as far as retirement
HCFA published a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on March 28 , 1997 -LRB- 62 Fed .
NOx can be transported long distances and contribute to ozone many hundreds of miles from its source .
Cruises are available from the Bhansi Ghat , which is near the CityPalace .
Seemingly endemic corruption was compounded by a remarkable dearth of political leadership and decisive action .
The library is the largest of any plantation in Jamaica , with over 300 volumes , including three first editions ; the books would have been used to while away the long humid days .
The village is Sainte-Marie , named by the explorer when he landed on 4 November 1493 , attracted by the waterfalls and river he could see flowing down the green inland mountains .
As a result of the comments received , AMS changed the proposed rule and it was republished for comment in March 2000 .
13 Executive Effectively Implementing the Government Performance and Results Act -LRB- GAO/GGD -96 -118 , June 1996 -RRB- .
This formal Review Process guarantees representatives of every designated state planning body the right to direct communication with LSC officials at the highest level in seeking reconsideration of an LSC decision .
For the beginner ' and for most others , too ' Beaune is the place to buy .
A clean , wholesome-looking woman opened it .
and you back in you know and or just pull into your spot and uh some you can rent by the year some you can rent daily or nightly or by the week or whatever
These traditional low-drafted craft ply effortlessly and quietly through the water guided by their experienced pilots .
Consistent with GAO 's Congressional Protocols , GAO will then offer the requester -LRB- s -RRB- a draft of the product that is with the agency for comment .
The tree-lined avenue extends less than three blocks to the sea .
little too much maybe
Write , write , and write .
Hamon said the proposed bill has attracted a number of co-sponsors , and Legal Aid backers are hoping to get it passed in the upcoming legislative session .
so you um-hum so you think it comes down to education or or something like that
Well , she 's found .
yeah yeah you know we 're kind of that way too i try to i 'm the same way you are i kind of try to judge from day to day i know you know where i am we work a lot with the customers and we have a lot of government folks come in all the time and
Jon replaced Susan 's cloak with a white robe and a head scarf , also quite dirty .
Through Responsive and Naturalistic Approaches .
Gerth 's prize-winning articles do not mention a CIA report concluding that U.S. security was not harmed by the 1996 accident review .
The final aim of screening must be improved outcomes through referral and counseling .
Alexander the Great , who passed through the city in 334 b.c. , paid for its completion ; five of the original 30 columns have been restored to their full height .
you know they they like what they 're doing they you know they feel good about what they 're doing that type of thing it 's more
In a still faintly Victorian atmosphere , Dinard has preserved all the best assets of a good luxury villas and long , paved promenades , plush hotels , elegant boutiques , discothyques , casino , parks and gardens , and an Olympic-size public swimming pool .
Because marginal costs are very low , a newspaper price for preprints might be as low as 5 or 6 cents per piece .
life in prison then he 's available for parole if it 's if it 's life and a day then he 's not eligible for parole so what you know let 's quit BSing with the system
Favored by the Ancient Egyptians as a source of turquoise , the Sinai was , until recently , famed for only one event but certainly an important one .
The state legislature provides significant bipartisan support for the legal services delivery system .
How effectively DOD manages these funds will determine whether it receives a good return on its investment .
The statue was beheaded several years ago by islanders , who blame Josephine for her role in the slavery in Martinique .
because otherwise it 's too it gets if you start them when it 's cooler in the spring then it gets too hot in the summer
Oh , my friend , have I not said to you all along that I have no proofs .
The formation of a single statewide program was adopted to breathe life into a single program that will provide meaningful access to high quality legal services , in the pursuit of justice for as many low-income people throughout Colorado as possible .
9th circa b.c.First signs of pre-Roman Etruscans
We have heard , seen this pattern before .
The story of the technology business gets spiced up because the reality is so bland .
Rep. Charles Rangel , D-N.Y. : I would say that if you had members of the KKK , that were not directly tied to the murder -- that they did not do the murder -- that 90 years -LSB- in jail -RSB- would be excessive .
yep same here
The thing started to grow brighter .
I still did n't trust the little buggers .
yeah i 've i wish they 'd split that bowling season up into uh three seasons
The final reason for the teen renaissance is boomer self-obsession .
and for regular readers who are a bit confused about our schedule -LRB- and who can blame them ? -RRB-
Such multicolored reef dwellers as the parrotfish and French angelfish , along with weirdly shaped coral , crawfish , or turtles hiding in crevices , can be yours for the viewing in these clear waters where visibility of 30 m -LRB- 100 ft -RRB- is common .
Some Kwanzaa rituals , most notably the focus on candles , seem to have been borrowed from Hanukkah .
For himself he chose Atat ?? rk , or Father of the Turks .
um-hum yeah when when i mentioned i 've done this camping out of the car i 've actually done of the situation just like that but what 's interesting is it 's through Texas Instruments
Ibiza 's seven-bulwark defences are almost completely intact .
and and so you know like every other day or or so they have like movies for a dollar Sometimes they 're even free i think uh they showed uh Chima Para Diso free
well i think that 's about all my pet stories right now so
Until the late '60s , the Senate was deferential to the -LRB- many fewer -RRB- presidential nominees .
A martini should be gin and vermouth and a twist .
or yeah exactly and that 's what i say you 'll you 'll be you 'll be so much better off for it as you get older because you know a lot of kids resent things that parents tell them and and stuff but it 's because you 've been there
His vigorous strides soon enabled him to gain upon them , and by the time he , in his turn , reached the corner the distance between them was sensibly lessened .
uh whether one might conceive no pun intended of the possibility that there might be a kind of a deliberate uh um
In the short term , U.S. consumers will benefit from cheap imports -LRB- as will U.S. multinationals that use parts made in East Asian factories -RRB- .
Arafat is also ailing and has no clear successor .
Total volume grew 13 .
just look what we did to Iraq
well i meant when when you were when you were growing up i mean like Galveston
so i 'll probably say you know it 's like well we 've been talking for five six minutes so okay
For instance , one state government CIO attributed his success to his breadth of experience across a variety of financial , retail , and IT units , which facilitates his ability to
yeah well i ca n't i 'll you know i say i ca n't wait for my kids to grow up but i believe i 'm going to miss this age when they 're gone
If I work at it , I might even be able to pick up some endorsements from members of the Sonics .
For ideological free-marketeers -LRB- like myself -RRB- , theories like Smith and Wright 's can be intellectually jarring .
yeah well the jury that originally sentenced him sentenced him to death
He charged Jon , knife high .
One 23-year-old White House assistant was interrogated about a triple murder that took place at a Starbucks in Georgetown .
Pray be seated , mademoiselle .
Also , Time claims that for the past year , the FBI has been seeking Robert Jacques , a possible accomplice to Timothy McVeigh in the Oklahoma City bombing .
Tourist Information offices can be very helpful .
Ho there -- what the devil ? '' The overseer 's hand spun Hanson around .
His off-the-cuff style seems amateurish next to Inglis ' polished mini-essays .
As Russell points out , some 400,000 legal aid cases go unassisted each year .
i think it 's ninety two
it sure will well good to talk to
we were lucky in that in one respect in that after she had her stroke she was n't really you know really much aware of what was going on
oh uh-huh well no they would n't would they no
from grocery store baggers that want to buy my car because it 's a Trans Am they 're high school seniors seventeen years old and they got to impress their girl friend
On a December day in 1917 , British General Allenby rode up to Jaffa Gate and dismounted from his horse because he would not ride where Jesus walked ; he then accepted the surrender of the city after the Ottoman Turks had fled -LRB- the flag of surrender was a bed-sheet from the American Colony Hotel -RRB- .
One thing was worrying me dreadfully , but my heart gave a great throb of relief when I saw my ulster lying carelessly over the back of a chair .
After the recovery of Jerusalem in 1099 , it took four hundred years of sieges and battles , treaties , betrayals , and yet more battles , before Christian kings and warlords succeeded in subduing the Moors .
Therefore , the number of boilermakers may actually grow more quickly than what was assumed .
But she 's not like her photo one bit .
` You 've double-crossed me about four times in one afternoon .
Or to judge by the Failing to nurse at night can lead to painful engorgement or even breast infection .
no i i even i enjoy reading T News i try to catch it because it 's another example they just they just show you the words and the facts and they they do n't offer any commentary and it gives me a quick chance to to be caught up during the day because you know we do n't listen to the radio at work at all so i do n't like to go the whole day without hearing anything
see too much crime on TV and they think it 's way to go i do n't know what do you think
i do n't know what kind of a summer we 're expecting this year i imagine it 's going to be hot again
The family .
are uh very few and then the other people just plan it you know it 's like it 's like have you have have you ever seen the commercial like for Federal Express where the with uh the think tank
Even the lower limit of that differential compounds to a hefty sum over time .
Did the ancestors of the Indians really come from Asia over the Aleutian land bridge ?
4 -RRB- Not enough is known about how nontransportation costs vary with distance .
5 are highly correlated during summer months in some areas .
and they just put instructors out there and you you sign up for instruction and they just give you an arm band and if you see an instructor who 's not doing anything you just tap him on the shoulder and ask him questions and they 'll show you things
Shoot only the ones that face us , Jon had told Adrin .
The twenty mastic villages known collectively as mastihohoria were built by the Genoese in the 14 15th centuries .
She 's a crutch .
no never heard of it
There are also a couple of small aircraft lying offshore -LRB- relics of drug runners who ran out of luck -RRB- that make fascinating artificial dive sites .
He 's a bad lot .
He seemed too self-assured .
120 `` You do not think I ought to go to the police ? ''
that 's cool kind of like Pink Floyd or something uh yeah basketball 's cool but football kind of after a while
Poirot answered them categorically , almost mechanically .
uh well no i just know i know several single mothers who absolutely ca n't afford it they have to go with the a single uh what i mean a babysitter more more or less
We need your help with another new feature that starts next week .
On the Use of Qualitative Methods in Policy A Review of Three Multi-site Studies .
No , I do n't know .
The cuts will take the biggest bite out of Land of Lincoln , a network of eight offices and 40 lawyers who help clients in southern Illinois with problems like eviction , access to Social Security and obtaining orders of protection from abusive spouses .
8 million in relief in the form of emergency housing .
This provides insight into the important Japanese concept of katachi -LRB- form -RRB- , the rough equivalent of It is n't what you do ; it 's the way that you do it .
Hold hard , said Tommy .
so well i think we 've taken up at least five minutes
Sometimes more than one denomination shares one church .
Nearby is the Monastery of Nea Moni , founded in 1049 , and one of the most beautiful Byzantine religious sites in the Aegean .
it would probably be a lot more work and probably not turn out as good
To control land and sea routes to the south , the Mauryas still needed to conquer the eastern kingdom of Kalinga -LRB- modern Orissa -RRB- .
Beatrice and Grace made out OK legally , but some of us will never use their products again without thinking about Travolta losing his shirt in the name of those wasted-away little kids .
Jon ran as the tunnel collapsed behind him .
However , the extent to which these comments were electronically available and the role that this access played in the rulemaking process varied substantially .
The sculpture on the dome -LRB- a personification of Commerce -RRB- and the river gods -LRB- including Anna Livia , set over the main door -RRB- are by Edward Smyth , who was also responsible for the statues on the GPO .
yeah they uh they the voters voted one way and it and then uh some federal judge said no that was unconstitutional and they have had two or three votes and the city council is divided over what the district should be because they divide it one way and the minorities say we 're losing representation representation and uh it it 's just a big battle
i spent a number of years in the service as an intelligence analyst
Their rulers introduced Buddhist and Hindu culture , Brahmin ministers to govern , and an elaborate court ritual .
If Washington Square is underripe , U-Turn and Devil 's Advocate are rotting .
The Black River , at 71 km -LRB- 44 miles -RRB- , is the longest in Jamaica ; it was an arterial route used to transport rum and lumber from the inland plantations .
Horwitz makes us see that the pinched circumstances of their lives are not so different from the conditions of their ancestors , dirt-poor yeoman farmers who seldom saw , much less owned , a slave .
but you know they kids seem like when they get ten or twelve years old they fall out of that and and they do n't follow it at all you know there 're very few scouts go on and become Eagle Scouts and and i do n't know what the high rank is for the gals but
That 's what guarantees that people will keep buying tickets as long as the odds are in their favor .
Each working group met several times to develop recommendations for changes to the legal services delivery system .
and my and my part-time work you know it 's not our the restaurant our favorite restaurant in the town of Salisbury where actually we live you know where my where i 'll return to my job or whatever we can normally eat out for um under fourteen dollars
Nowadays it is bordered by ancient columns and lined with expensive shops .
But a list of who 's better than other people in some aspect or another is not inevitable and does not make the economy any more prosperous or society any richer in other ways .
There never will be .
i know because i think i 've been reading i read this ten years ago that they were having these big uh um rallies and people would be in the streets flashing signs statehood yes and other people would statehood down the statehood it 's it down there if you 're um familiar with their politics they uh it 's very uh i i do n't know it 's called Latino there they have loudspeakers on their cars and they run down the neighborhood saying vote for you know Pierre he 's or uh Pedro uh Pedro he 's the best it 's it 's really kind of comical
China 's civil war sent distressing echoes to Hong Kong .
I guess he thought you 'd turned up your toes .
The Fray 's reputation as a home for hostile , rude , and mean-spirited exchanges suffered a severe beating at the hands of the Reading thread , which was so civilized that participants suggested taking insulin shots afterward .
The Irish Architectural Archive , a library of architectural materials , is at number 73 on the south side of the square .
But you might as well see for yourself if you do n't believe me . The note , in Tuppence 's well-known schoolboy writing , ran as follows : `` DEAR JULIUS , `` It 's always better to have things in black and white .
` Go now . '
Stale macho jokes and formulaic cliffhangers drive this chase-by-numbers thriller on the bumpy road to nowhere -LRB- Holden , the New York Times -RRB- .
the only thing that they had a great abundance of was uh you know human beings
The traditional opening time for many hotels is the Orthodox Easter , although some do not open until the end of April .
Hatch : Muslims treat Moses as a great prophet .
She was alone at last with the president !
that 's uh only way to do it
The village is tiny and a total contrast to the bustle of the Trenchtown ghetto in Kingston , where he lived as a recording superstar .
Summer boasts long , warm days with strong sunlight and hazy views .
well and i i noticed since we moved down here to Texas my husband is originally from Texas but uh i 'm not and that you do n't have to have uh such a wide variety of seasonal clothes that you do up north where you have to
Criminal discovered in last chapter .
AT&T and MCI have protested the tax and pledged to pass the cost on to MCI charges 5 percent on all out of state long-distance calls , and AT&T charges a flat rate .
Although I 'm certain it amused Scott Shuger -LRB- an amusing guy , to judge by the terrific Today 's Papers -RRB- to join the ranks of those who have publicly disparaged Linda Tripp , the fact remains that nothing in his piece , , reflects at all on Tripp herself .
someone else noticed it and i said well i guess that 's true and it was somewhat melodio us in other words it was n't just you know it was really funny
The original wax models of the river gods are on display in the Civic Museum .
The loss of technical competence through downsizing was sufficiently pervasive that FFC , in conjunction with TBR and the NAVFAC , conducted the Government/Industry Forum on Capital Facilities and Core Competencies in March 1998 .
It is truly an honor .
I could 've afforded a much swankier , up-town place - or at least , a slightly swankier , mid-town place - but all that space would just encourage me to clutter .
no that 's true and and and Lord knows with that legislature up there they probably did all kinds of things while he was n't looking
So it has gone , with conspiracism playing a role in crisis after crisis .
No one was there , no bones at all .
trying to keep grass alive during a summer on a piece of ground that big was expensive
17 `` Surely you are not thinking of refusing ?
The fascinating exhibits include a section of the massive chain that the Byzantines used to stretch across the mouth of the Golden Horn to keep out enemy ships , as well as captured enemy cannon and military banners , the campaign tents from which the Ottoman sultans controlled their armies , and examples of uniforms , armour , and weapons from the earliest days of the Empire down to the 20th century .
The national mood is stressed on the octagonal spire of the University 's Rajabai Clocktower , with 24 figures representing the castes of the Maharashtra State , of which Mumbai is the capital .
yeah the the i mean people like that are crazy i did a study on it though when i was in high school it was one of these things we had to pick a topic to to investigate and at that time i do n't think it 's like that any more but at that time uh it was very unfair capital punishment was a lot more common and if you tended and it tended to be that if you were ignorant or if you were a foreigner or if you were black or any minority for that matter the chances your chances of of uh getting the death penalty were you know like hundreds of times greater than if you could just communicate well i mean you did n't have to be um you did n't even necessarily have to be white but if you could just communicate and you could come across in the court room with some kind of um
There is nothing more to be done here , I think , unless , he stared earnestly and long at the dead ashes in the grate .
As discussed in section 1 , personal saving is the amount of aggregate disposable personal income left over after personal spending on goods and services .
This guide will introduce you to many , but not all , of the popular Aegean Islands .
Dole : We ought to agree that somebody else should do it .
They should have him be just a disembodied voice .
She shrugged .
i know that i did n't much uh-huh oh
Tax records show Waters earned around $ 65,000 in 2000 .
If you need to use the mail , it would be helpful if you sent your comments both in writing and on diskette -LRB- in Word or ASCII format -RRB- .
`` So your girl writes that your little farewell activity did n't fare so well , eh ? '' he chortled .
Basically , to sell myself .
All of our many earnest experiments produced results in line with random chance , they conclude .
In Mumbai , both Juhu and Chowpatty beaches are , for instance , definitely a bad idea , and though the Marina beaches in Chennai are cleaner , there may be sharks .
That 's why we tried to kill you .
i ca n't do any jumping up and down because it makes it hurt
and then i got into it and then back out of it and it it just seems like every couple of years i get back in there
Occasionally , he 'd wince and apologise for any incoherence .
1 Lower and upper PMSD bounds were determined from the 10th and 90th percentile , respectively , of PMSD data from EPA 's WET Interlaboratory Variability Study -LRB- USEPA , 2001a ; USEPA , 2001b -RRB- .
Despite all the hoopla over a pro-choice advocate 's confession that he had lied about the circumstances under which the procedure is generally used , only five lawmakers switched their votes from no to yes .
Diets for men in their prime
you know they ca n't really defend themselves like somebody grown uh say my age you know yeah
and i 'll go there for you know two months straight we wo n't go anyplace else
In a moment or two he was back .
This was the site of the Bateau-Lavoir studio , an unprepossessing glass-roofed loft reconstructed since a 1970 fire .
yep see we have cable here
it was difficult
Extensive documentation of the IPM is available at / / www.epa.gov/airmarkets/epa-ipm/index.html .
One of these walls , the Western Wall , is today a major reminder of Jerusalem 's greatness under Herod .
On a spur-road just a little north of the sleepy village of Anse-Bertrand is the Anse Laborde , a public beach of tan sand with gorgeous turquoise waters and good snorkeling off rocky promontories .
And Doctor Perennial just stood there and when the evil drill sergeant woke up in him once again , he received an SMs .
You wake up one bright autumn morning and you 're halfway to the subway when you decide to walk to work instead .
You 'll find galleries in all the major towns and in some of the smaller villages .
But in fact Haveman and Wolfe 's statistical analysis is designed to rule out this and similar alternative theories , leaving us to conclude that the moves themselves are harmful .
` Have you Mr. Whittington 's address in town ?
Where would he be today without American commercial know-how ?
Spock did not cure American mothers and fathers of their impossible dream of being professional parents equipped with the developmentally correct answers .
uh yeah they were uh they were very good i was impressed
While it 's probably true that democracies are unlikely to go to war unless they 're attacked , sometimes they are the first to take the offensive .
Through the opt-out approach , Texas attorneys contributed $ 1 million this year , doubling 2001 contributions .
he 's not a starter
yes uh i bought a uh Bristol thirty five five for my wife
8 Follow-up to the May 8 , 2001 , Hearing Regarding the IRS Restructuring Act 's Goals and IRS Funding -LRB- GAO-01-903R , June 29 , 2001 -RRB- , and IRS Continued Improvement in Management Capability Needed to Support Long-Term Transformation
I was to watch for an advertisement in the Times .
Eve 's Apple turns out to be a sturdier book than it seems .
At least they 're getting stoned first , I rationalized .
They were inferior .
For instance , when Clinton cited executive privilege as a reason for holding back a memo from FBI Director Louis Freeh criticizing his drug policies , Bob Dole asserted that the president had no basis for refusing to divulge it .
If the data from a series of tests performed with the same toxicant , toxicant concentrations , and test species , were analyzed with hypothesis tests , precision could only be assessed by a qualitative comparison of the NOEC-LOEC intervals , with the understanding that maximum precision would be attained if all tests yielded the same NOEC-LOEC interval .
are you originally from uh Texas
You can count on me , if necessary , for one million dollars .
-LRB- In the short run , higher-income taxpayers may pay more taxes , not less , if a capgains rate cut leads them to sell more assets than they otherwise would have done . -RRB-
McCalpinMaria Luisa Mercado Nancy H. Rogers Thomas F. Smegal , Jr. .
In the vaults of the Bank .
A lack of sleep can always be remedied later , a Madrile ?? o might tell you , as he tops off a late night with early-morning chocolate con curros -LRB- a fried-dough and chocolate snack ideal for absorbing alcohol -RRB- on the way home for a shower and then continues on to work .
apparently apparently the appraisers likes it because our taxes sure is high is n't it it really is
The most popular form of shadow theater is known as Wayang Siam .
Jon was about to require a lot from her .
Zoom-out vs. zoom - Ever since Roe , pro-life posters and pamphlets have depicted isolated fetuses .
At the time of publication , this document , along with other publications pertaining to information security , was available on NIST 's Computer Security Resource Clearinghouse internet page at / / csrc.nist.gov / publications.html .
i do n't know i i do i can think of all the uh the biblical things about it too where what did they say to uh i ca n't think of the scripture Render unto Caesar 's what is Caesar 's so
Remember , there are over 844 million Indians out there , and a lot of them will be on the move at the same time as you will be , therefore competing for plane seats and hotel rooms .
In reviewing this history , it 's important to make some crucial distinctions .
13-year-olds .
From here , many HIV researchers are putting their hopes on combining drug treatments with strategies that boost the immune system .
yeah you can also do the same thing using um if you have ground beef just stir fry the ground beef drain off the oil use the same hoi sin sauce and um some of the frozen mixed vegetables
What are you going to do about it ? '' Tuppence frowned severely .
It 's very hard to believe , for anyone who knows me well , but I was actually speechless for a period , Zelon said .
Simmons , probably rap 's greatest entrepreneur , lives in New York ; schmoozes bankers , fashion designers , and record executives ; and cuts deals with conglomerates such as Time Warner .
Escaped or abandoned raccoons have been breeding in the wild for the past 20 years and have damaged corn crops , watermelon and melon farms , and rainbow trout hatcheries , the paper said .
um-hum right do where are you at what state
Joseph Lister pioneered the use of carbolic acid to keep wounds clean , and James Young Simpson experimented with chloroform as an anesthetic .
Nearby is the Monastery of Nea Moni , founded in 1049 , and one of the most beautiful Byzantine religious sites in the Aegean .
-LSB- W -RSB- omen mocking men by calling into question their masculinity is also classified as sexual harassment , the paper added .
Ever since the Tokugawa shoguns restricted performances to the samurai classes , noh drama has had a rather elitist appeal .
excessively violent i was worried it 's like golly if kids start imitating that
A survey of surgeons working in an emergency department found that the most significant predictor of screening was the attending physicians ' perception that their responsibilities included screening .
and my and my part-time work you know it 's not our the restaurant our favorite restaurant in the town of Salisbury where actually we live you know where my where i 'll return to my job or whatever we can normally eat out for um under fourteen dollars
In an effort to more thoroughly explore this topic , we expanded our discussions beyond the eight organizations that were the primary subjects of our study by requesting the Computer Security Institute to informally poll its most active members on this subject .
in Asia yeah i spent
Indeed , said San ` doro .
Silverwork and Pewter
A man like me can not fail ... .
She graduated in 1995 owing $ 58,000 in loans .
In the case of speech , Fiss appears to believe that the reason the American public is less enlightened than he would wish it to be concerning matters such as feminism , the rights of homosexuals , and regulation of industry is that people are denied access to the opinions and information that would enlighten them .
Crosethe Rue de Rivoli to the Palais-Royal , built for Car?di?nal Richelieu as his Paris residence in 1639 , and originally named Palais-Cardinal .
Until the late '60s , the Senate was deferential to the -LRB- many fewer -RRB- presidential nominees .
uh my uh roommate took a voice over course
um i know that i had heard that uh McDonald 's has gotten so much flack about sending their hot foods out in the Styrofoam that they are going to work on something
A 1997 Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation survey found that Americans in managed care plans are basically content with their own care .
He sat up , trying to free himself .
That is , as the discount is increased in steps , the cost to the Postal Service of sorting the mail that becomes workshared on step 4 is probably greater than the cost of sorting the mail that becomes workshared on step 3 . This assumption will be relaxed in Part III below , where larger discount changes are considered .
Not yourself .
They wanted you , so they got you . '' Dave considered it .
In April 1453 the Sultan 's armies massed outside the city walls , outnumbering the Byzantines ten to one .
oh well yeah that 's all i have to say thank you
So let me draw a slightly different moral from the saga of beach volleyball as it has evolved in our If , as Speaker Gingrich says , the price of volleyball is eternal freedom , still it may take a village to raise a volleyball net .
A recorded menu will provide information on how to obtain these lists .
The Romans built roads and established towns , including the towns of Palmaria -LRB- Palma -RRB- and Pollentia -LRB- near present-day Alc ?? dia -RRB- .
Others watched them with cold eyes and expressionless faces .
Savonarola burned in Florence
The island 's burgeoning economic significance propelled population growth , and by the middle of the 15th century Madeira was home to 800 families .
Its scorecard included measures for accuracy , speed and timeliness , unit cost , customer satisfaction , and employee development and satisfaction .
Indeed , the Democratic counteroffensive has already begun .
To see how The Bell Curve tries and fails to get around these inherent problems , see and .
I 've always jumped on sentiment and here I am being more sentimental than anybody .
An important part of U.S. diplomacy is getting sovereign states to work together voluntarily .
For such a governmentwide review , an entrance conference is generally held with applicable central agencies , such as the Office of Management and Budget -LRB- OMB -RRB- or the Office of Personnel Management .
and i look back on that and i bought shoes i went shopping i did not need that money i did not need it i did n't need it i should n't have even qualified to get it i did n't need it and it would have been a little rough i might have eaten some bologna instead of roast beef out of the deli but i did not need it and as i look back now now we 're paying that back i told my son if you have to live in the ghetto to go to college do it but do n't take out ten thousand dollars in loans do n't do it and i do n't i hope do n't think he 'll have to do that but i just so like we might if we did n't have those loans we could have saved in the last five years the money for that and i believe we would have because God 's really put it in our heart not to get in debt you know but we have friends at church that do this on a constant basis that are totally debt free and they pay cash for everything they buy
The anthropologist Napoleon Chagnon has shown that Yanomamo men who have killed other men have more wives and more offspring than average guys .
Local residents will tell you where to find them .
Market Street is home to the Edinburgh CityArt Gallery , showcasing the work of up-and-coming artists .
It is housed in a Martello A series of such towers , some 12 m -LRB- 40 ft -RRB- high and 2.5 m -LRB- 8 ft -RRB- thick , were constructed along the coast at the beginning of the 19th century to guard against invasion by Napoleon .
Time reports that Harrer denies having known she was . -RRB-
Daniel nodded , fetching me a glass of beer .
Others are Zao -LRB- in Tohoku -RRB- and a number of resorts in Joshin-etsu Kogen National Park in the Japan Alps , where there are now splendid facilities thanks to the 1998 Winter Olympic Games in Nagano .
Pray be seated , mademoiselle .
i mean that 's a real attractive option if you have the the technology for it all it was was you know i mean she just used a phone modem and she was like she was sitting in the office
so i guess my experience is is just with what we did and and so they did n't really go through the child care route they were able to be home together
4 billion for mercury .
He fell in love with Monica Lewinsky -- and even told her he wanted to be with her when he left office .
The Congress , which controls our funding levels , began to include many members who did not support the purpose and goals of a federal civil legal services program .
Tommy realized perfectly that in his own wits lay the only chance of escape , and behind his casual manner he was racking his brains furiously .
Not only must capital goods be replaced as they depreciate , but new generations of workers must be comparably
This provides insight into the important Japanese concept of katachi -LRB- form -RRB- , the rough equivalent of It is n't what you do ; it 's the way that you do it .
His plan was a simple a symmetrical design with straight streets and grand squares .
well it 's a pleasure talking with you
Sixty percent of Americans are frustrated and angry with the health-care system , and 70 percent favor federal intervention .
did you well it 's not just that are there enough jobs for people here now
They found plenty of water pouring down from the mountains , and more timber than anyone knew what to do with .
the hologram makes up all these things and uh i mean sometimes sometimes it 's funny sometimes it 's not but uh you know it 's something to pass the time until we do and then and then we watch football
yeah that that i i had a i had a program due and uh one one window i had the program and the other one i had the program running so if there was ever a mistake i could easily check you know i could look at the program and say this is where i made the error
Well , let us leave it .
First , get the basics right , that is , the blocking and tackling of financial reporting .
Some Kwanzaa rituals , most notably the focus on candles , seem to have been borrowed from Hanukkah .
The last stages of uploading are like a mental dry-heave .
The village is tiny and a total contrast to the bustle of the Trenchtown ghetto in Kingston , where he lived as a recording superstar .
Climate changes had already had the effect of reducing the amount of forest land ; the monks accelerated this process by clearing many more acres in order to make room for ever-growing herds of sheep .
Splendid !
The younger girl ran screaming to her .
Cybernetics had always been Derry 's passion .
Agricultural shows
The strangest role reversal is going on right now and concerns democracy itself .
But there is a cycle of confirmation ; if prophecy indicates a thing will happen , it will happen -- though not always as expected .
it sure will well good to talk to
Sales of goods and services in undercover operations .
For example , Bruce Barton 's The Man Nobody Knows , a best seller in 1925-26 , portrays Jesus as the ultimate businessman .
Small towns like Louisian lay scattered all over the Oil Fields ; the main train line branched between them .
uh-huh you ca n't do that in a skirt poor thing
We are assured of success ? ''
That had been made by the Cadets -LRB- Constitutional Democrats -RRB- under Prince Lvov .
If ancient writings give only a romanticized view , they do offer a more precise picture of Indo-Aryan society .
Always Sacrilegious , Always Coca-Cola . -RRB-
Write , write , and write .
is there still that type of music available
Then he gave in .
Wagonheim said the program not only will benefit the needy , but also will help improve the public image of lawyers .
Randy 's Anecdotal Wrap-Up
But I 've seen five other bodies come down like this .
Life , unlike Reich 's book , is not a series of morality fables .
In my Crossfire days , I was patronized even by Sam Donaldson .
Postal Service could increase those same rates by at least 13 .
oh it 's fun i call
In addition , Saracens invaded the Provencal coast from North Africa , and Magyar armies attacked Lor?raine and Bur?gun?dy .
Local legend claims that he wrote part of his great saga , Os Lusadas , in what is now called the Camees Grotto , situated in the spacious tropical Camees Garden .
Outside , set in manicured gardens , are the remains of the Abbey of Holyrood .
i am surprised though that we do have so many that are in politics down here
The most comfortable courses are in the cooler hill stations , notably Cameron Highlands and Fraser 's Hill .
It can not be outlawed .
I ordered Better Sexual Techniques , Advanced Sexual Techniques , Making Sex Fun , and Advanced Oral Sex Techniques -LRB- priced about $ 11 .
A fresh access of pain seized the unfortunate old lady .
i cried when the horse got killed and when the wolf got killed
Generally , FGD systems tend to be constructed closer to the ground compared to SCR technology retrofits .
Postal Service could increase those same rates by at least 13 .
The same year , the University of Hawaii campus at Manoa became the site of the Center for Cultural and Technical Interchange Between East and West -LRB- popularly known as the East West Center -RRB- , a unique and venerated resource for advanced Pacific Rim studies .
In the midst of a final desultory polishing of her silver , Tuppence was disturbed by the ringing of the front door bell , and went to answer it .
As a result of the comments received , AMS changed the proposed rule and it was republished for comment in March 2000 .
oh , just about nothing .
Even if auditors do not follow such other standards and methodologies , they may still serve as a useful source of guidance to auditors in planning their work under GAGAS .
An article explains that Al Gore enlisted for the Vietnam War out of fealty to his father and distaste for draft Gore deplored the inequity of the rich not having to serve .
Is n't a woman 's body her most personal property ?
Specifically , suppose unconstrained competition were allowed but the Postal Service turned out to have sufficient market power in some product areas to allow other products to be priced at or near the level of incremental cost .
Unfortunately , following the vogue of conceptualism , Kentridge has entered a film in the show , , which uses animation of sketches much cruder than the ones he usually does interspersed with documentary footage from the apartheid era .
made it yeah made it all the way through four years of college playing ball but
She buried his remains to spare her mother the gruesome sight .
They are n't breaking any promises if they decide to take their ball and go home .
Transforming Control of Public Health Programs Raises Concerns -LRB-
The leaves of the papyrus were dried and used by Ancient Egyptians as a form of paper .
By contrast , their grandson , who assumed the throne in 1516 , was born in Flanders in 1500 , and Charles I could barely express himself in Spanish .
right right well you know i think uh i think it 's going to happen i do n't know i do n't know what else i could suggest to them you know if they ask me what should we do i do n't know i would n't know what else to suggest to them just education start with these little kids you know and like you said you know start making it practice you know start showing all the street signs and all the cars of course i think all the cars are manufactured that way they are n't are n't all of them most o f the new ones i 'm seeing are are made with miles per hour and kilometers on them
and i need to be better because uh uh we just bought it my wife and i just bought a new car and uh you know we want to take real good care of it so uh
Broadly speaking , the CEF Moderate scenario can be thought of as a 50 % increase in funding for programs that promote a variety of both demand-side and supply-side technologies .
Wacky Tangent of the Washington Week in Review host Ken Bode scolded the New York Times Magazine for a Nov. 9 fashion spread he said endorsed the now-discredited fashion trend of heroin chic .
oh that sounds interesting too
He appropriated for the State much of the personal fortunes of the princes , but found it harder to curtail the power of land-owners who had extensive contacts with the more conservative elements in his Congress Party .
This usage points to yadda yadda yadda 's larger social It suggests that an ever-larger percentage of the content of everyday communication can be correctly anticipated -- probably owing in part to the sheer repetition of words and arguments in the various public media .
The majority of the agencies that responded appreciated GAO 's initiative to develop the protocols and said that they were comprehensive and provided a framework for meaningful communication .
As a result , their services may be more effective when conducted in the emergency department environment .
It 's easy to overdose on the many temples , palaces , and museums in India .
Earlier this week , the Pakistani paper Dawn ran an editorial about reports that Pakistani poppy growers are planning to recultivate opium on a bigger scale because they have n't received promised compensation for switching to other crops .
One opportunist who stayed was Octavius Decatur Gass .
Dan Burton , in an appearance on Good Morning , America , said he had sent a letter to Attorney General Janet Reno urging her to have the FBI seize the Kuhn paperback immediately so it can be examined by its own labs .
Despite its initial failings , Siegel 's Flamingo survived him , as did mob infiltration of casinos .
and it 's just like college too i think that if a kid goes to college and you can help them fine but i do n't think you should pay the whole way
Search out the House of Dionysos and the House of the Trident with their simple floor patterns , and the House of Dolphins and the House of Masks for more elaborate examples , including Dionysos riding a panther , on the floor of the House of Masks .
Despite their many similarities , Koreans and Japanese have long been mutually hostile and have pointed to the vast differences between their languages as proof that they lack a shared ancestry .
You are sure that you did not in any way disclose your identity ? '' Tommy shook his head .
It was a splendid life '' I loved it . '' There was a smile on her face , and her head was thrown back .
oh i do n't know either the other growing up all i knew was
you sound like this girl that i talked to about books and we got into movies one night
Cultural festivals are one opportunity , but the better way is at a private wedding or feast day when the performances are set in their true context .
or yeah exactly and that 's what i say you 'll you 'll be you 'll be so much better off for it as you get older because you know a lot of kids resent things that parents tell them and and stuff but it 's because you 've been there
You will also see hippie-made jewellery on sale , especially at the market in Punta Arab? .
, less than ten years after the death of the prophet Mohamed .
In a six-year study , scientists fed dogs and other animals irradiated chicken and found no evidence of increased cancer or other toxic effects .
Through the opt-out approach , Texas attorneys contributed $ 1 million this year , doubling 2001 contributions .
yes they would they just would n't be able to own the kind of automobiles that they think they deserve to own or the kind of homes that we think we deserve to own we might have to you know just be able to i think if we a generation went without debt then the next generation like if if our our generation my husband and i we 're twenty eight if we lived our lives and did n't become you know indebted like you know our generation before us that um the budget would balance and that we became accustomed to living with what we could afford which we would n't be destitute i mean we would n't be living on the street by any means but just compared to how spoiled we are we would be in our own minds but i feel like the generation after us would oh man it it would be so good it would be so much better it would n't be perfect but then they could learn to live with what what they could afford to save to buy and if you want a nicer car than that well you save a little longer
To see how The Bell Curve tries and fails to get around these inherent problems , see and .
Many users commented on the effectiveness of the new technology in promoting closer relationships among providers .
In 1099 , under their leaders Godfrey de Bouillon and Tancred , the Crusaders captured the Holy City for Christendom by slaughtering both Muslims and Jews .
Now it 's my turn , and even if I 'm walking in a dead man 's shoes , I can make my way afresh .
Recent SAB deliberations on mortality and morbidity valuation approaches suggest that some adjustments to unit values are appropriate to reflect economic theory -LRB- EPA-SAB-EEAC-00-013 , 2000 -RRB- .
She would be almost certainly sent to you under an assumed one .
External Validity The extent to which a finding applies -LRB- or can be generalized -RRB- to persons , objects , settings , or times other than those that were the subject of study .
A museum inside the building gives intriguing insight into the life and heyday of the their rich costumes , their scimitars , and rifles inlaid with bright jewels and silver and a horrible bludgeon with a double serrated edge .
Marilyn Manson is darker , more serious , and more vicious than Alice Cooper was .
The spear missed Vrenna by only a hand-span .
I feel that you probably underestimate the danger , and therefore warn you again that I can promise you no protection .
The management of the cafe has established the rules for the use of their facility .
However , the other young lady was most kind .
There is uncertainty associated with all of the numbers presented in this paper due to sampling error and estimation error in econometric estimation procedure used to recover household-level demand functions
so that 's that 's one of your priorities there 's got to be air has to be an automatic
Monday 's Question -LRB- No .
and uh the whole organization was targeting to replace whole life policies with a term life with annuity an annuity and uh
The purpose of the Diwan-i-Khas is hotly disputed ; it is not necessarily the hall of private audience that its name implies .
The best beach in Europe ' at least that 's the verdict of its regulars .
For example , the CFO Council and the Office of Management and Budget -LRB- OMB -RRB- are aggressively working on eight priority initiatives outlined in the1998 Federal Financial Management Status Report and FiveYear Plan .
The chart to which Reich refers was actually presented during Saxton 's opening statement , hours before Reich testified , and did not look as Reich claims it did .
yeah so it 's easy to do i 'm actually interested in getting one of those kind of my wife has been talking about this in the past couple of years one of those kind of campers that pop-up so it 's about uh maybe eight foot square and but only about two feet tall and when you get to where you 're going it raises up and there 's tenting material
She wears either revealing clothes or professional clothes -LRB- or perhaps both -RRB- .
The biography itself , which uses unpublished diaries and untapped Cuban government archives , is praised for having done a masterly job in evoking Che 's complex character , in separating the man from the myth -LRB- Peter Canby , the New York Times Book Review -RRB- . The Weekly Standard 's Stephen Schwartz calls it tainted for having received official support from the Castro regime and for abetting a Che revival .
She 's very tired .
It is extremely dangerous to Every trip to the store becomes a temptation .
Both initial and supplemental proposed rule publications invited comments on the information collection requirements imposed by the rule .
These latter vast regions of forests , rivers , and mountains border the Indonesian state of Kalimantan and the oil-rich sultanate of Brunei .
I smiled vaguely .
Larger boats for up to 20 people , plus crew , offer organized gourmet cruises .
I ordered Better Sexual Techniques , Advanced Sexual Techniques , Making Sex Fun , and Advanced Oral Sex Techniques -LRB- priced about $ 11 .
DOD 's common practice for managing this environment has been to create aggressive risk reduction efforts in its programs .
On Fox News Sunday , host Tony Snow touted a poll showing that 60 percent of Americans think the allegations represent a pattern of behavior .
Yes , undoubtedly the hand of Mr. Brown ! Mr. Carter paused .
Simmons , probably rap 's greatest entrepreneur , lives in New York ; schmoozes bankers , fashion designers , and record executives ; and cuts deals with conglomerates such as Time Warner .
because i always had to do it and so i just pay someone else to do it and they do the they do the cutting they fertilize they um edge and um i think this year i 'm going to have some landscaping put in
Kill chickens .
And she came to you ?
The commentary is chanted by a chorus of six to eight narrators -LRB- reminiscent of the chorus in Greek tragedy -RRB- who sit at the side of the stage , while musicians positioned at the back of the stage provide stark accompaniment with flute and drums .
Do n't forget to take a change of clothing and a towel .
The Joint Venture which has so amply justified itself by success ! '' It was drunk with acclamation .
The way we try to approach it is to identify every legal problem that a client has .
In Texas , the ability to produce fairly stated external financial reports was only the first step in building a more effective , resultsoriented government .
It was still night .
Generally , data collection and analysis are concurrent and interactive-that is , yoked in case study methods .
Gerth 's prize-winning articles do not mention a CIA report concluding that U.S. security was not harmed by the 1996 accident review .
Dublin has international restaurants galore , and the New Irish Cuisine is built upon fresh products of Ireland 's seas , rivers , and farms .
To keep the colors fresh , he dabbed the carcass with blood from a pail , then grabbed his paintbrushes to capture those lurid reds on canvas .
oh no no they 're not fired they there are they have one chance to then go in a program if you come back positive you have one chance to go in and go into they have a lot of uh rehabilitation both for alcohol and for drug use uh and they have uh a lot of uh they they have an agency where you can go for personal problems financial or whatever
One reason for the high value of MLB teams is the prospect of new , publicly financed ballparks . Owners in Baltimore , Cleveland , Chicago , Denver , and Texas have all reaped major profits from these new facilities , built at little or no cost to the teams .
Closed on the Sabbath .
So they set about clearing the land for agriculture , setting fire to massive tracts of forest .
You can either fly on TAP/Air Portugal -LRB- 15-minute flight -RRB- or take the ferry -LRB- which leaves daily at 8am ; Tel. 291/226 511 -RRB- .
sort of a building season season yeah
The final reason for the teen renaissance is boomer self-obsession .
But in all probability the girl will have entirely forgotten the intervening period , and will take up life where she left off at the sinking of the Lusitania . ''
farmworkers conducted by the U.S.
Czesiek had suitable experience in the matter .
When the two nations divided it up , France got 54 sq km -LRB- 21 sq miles -RRB- and Holland agreed to take just 41 sq km -LRB- 16 sq miles -RRB- , but that included the important salt pond near the Dutch capital of Philipsburg .
yeah that that i i had a i had a program due and uh one one window i had the program and the other one i had the program running so if there was ever a mistake i could easily check you know i could look at the program and say this is where i made the error
IRS Restructuring and Reform Act , its budget requests , and administration of various tax
yep and then i had probably lived the last eleven years in Massachusetts so you know what does that make me an honorary Yankee or
` Can I get a drink ? '
To accommodate these fluctuations and use resources evenly , it would seem reasonable to offer two tiers of rapid and deferred , with air transportation being used for the rapid product .
Prior to 1986 , the United States had been a net creditor because its holdings of foreign assets exceeded foreign holdings of U.S. assets .
Your man would n't have remained conscious after the first blow .
We know they will have to come from the south but that gives them a space as wide as the town in which to launch their attack .
now you know the ball 'll go straight and i go i never broke a club or anything but you know i 'd get upset about it sometimes and now i guess you know being in my forties i just kind of mellowed out a little bit i do n't get upset any more so
Or Sherlock Holmes ? ''
His proud reserve -- a product of 40 years in the spotlight -- is refreshing but does not bode well for his capacity to shepherd big ideas through Congress .
Do n't you know ?
Cybernetics had always been Derry 's passion .
Some are reported as not having been wanted at all .
and those are the people that you know can you rehabilitate them the some of the ones that are you know perpetual
This fellow is flying a hot air balloon and suddenly realizes he is lost .
In the 19th century , when Kashmir was the most exotic hill-station of them all , the maharaja forbade the British to buy land there , so they then hit on the brilliant alternative of building luxuriously appointed houseboats moored on the lakes near Srinagar .
They just do n't like it as much as men do .
I am asserting my membership in the club of Old Geezers .
5 percent for educational lay programs relating to law and justice , and other public service programs such as the High School Mock Trial Competition and numerous publications .
you know your children are going you know you 've got five children in school instead of somebody that only has one or none and so you they 're paying more income tax to pay for your children to go to school it just you know does n't make sense
Their supplies scarce , their harvest meager , and their spirit broken , they abandoned the fort in 1858 .
plus i like to dance you know
Don Saunders attended from the NLADA .
Cornwall Beach , another private beach with perfect sand and sheltered waters , can be found behind the Jamaica Tourist Office building , a short distance east along Gloucester Avenue .
83 At that point , Poirot nudged me gently , indicating two men who were sitting together near the door .
As a professional courtesy , GAO will inform requesters of substantive media inquiries during an ongoing assignment .
But there is a cycle of confirmation ; if prophecy indicates a thing will happen , it will happen -- though not always as expected .
yes yeah yeah well it it that 's right and it
Escaped or abandoned raccoons have been breeding in the wild for the past 20 years and have damaged corn crops , watermelon and melon farms , and rainbow trout hatcheries , the paper said .
Gary Oldman turns himself into some sort of gigantic hominid-bat creature and flaps about in Dracula . The Vampire Master in John Carpenter 's Vampires can fly down the road fast enough to catch a speeding car and can stick to the ceiling of a motel room .
In an atmosphere of economic crisis stagnant productivity , bank closures , and rising unemployment conservatives wanted somebody tougher , more dynamic than eternally compromising old-style politicians .
were sort of a double sign with a a big miles per hour and a little kilometers per hour type uh marking on the side
i do n't even know how they figure it really i 'm glad i do n't work in a store
-LRB- It may resemble Dungeons & amp
an d now we got the governor she 's going to do that
The movie is n't clear on where the secret report that kicked off Bergman 's interest in tobacco came from , or who in the FDA thought it was a good idea to turn him onto Wigand .
If the face has been getting longer at the bottom over the generations , it has been getting shorter -LRB- and broader -RRB- on top .
Sure , the man yells back , you 're in a hot air balloon about 30 feet above this field .
Despite all the hoopla over a pro-choice advocate 's confession that he had lied about the circumstances under which the procedure is generally used , only five lawmakers switched their votes from no to yes .
The DO concentration must not fall below
Bien ! he said at last .
From there , take the road that heads back to the coast and Es Pujols , Formentera 's premier resort village .
I had rejected it as absurd , nevertheless it persisted .
there and they uh they in fact they had this was in uh the late twenties and they in fact used some of the equipment that had been left over and uh he turned them down it it 's interesting that that most people do n't realize how small the canal is have you ever been there
other side that 's a good idea
Concurrent with downsizing , procurement regulations have been modified to allow agencies greater flexibility and choice in selecting contracting methods for acquiring facilities .
is n't it i can remember i 've only been here eight years but i can remember coming to work from i used to live in Wylie and i could see downtown Dallas
The questions may need to be tailored to
Each room was outfitted with a leather sofa and three fold-out beds for students exhausted after a full day of hard work .
He and his associates were n't operating at the level of metaphor .
A member of the only student-run chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union in New York state , Zelon worked to resolve disputes between students and police officers to help protect the public 's right to peaceful protest .
do you think most states have that or
They consolidated programs to increase efficiency and deploy resources more effectively
The director , Michael Mann , has never tried to tell a story as complex -LRB- or nonviolent -RRB- as The Insider , and he and his co-screenwriter , Eric Roth , do n't shape their narrative very satisfyingly .
The Implementation of National and European Legislation Concerning Air Emissions from Large Combustion Plants in Germany
so i like music i like listening to music so i do n't usually listen to KCBI and then there 's another one called Journey that 's somewhere in between the two of those it 's in between ninety and ninety four
The same year , the University of Hawaii campus at Manoa became the site of the Center for Cultural and Technical Interchange Between East and West -LRB- popularly known as the East West Center -RRB- , a unique and venerated resource for advanced Pacific Rim studies .
, less than ten years after the death of the prophet Mohamed .
Twenty-eight grants targeted statewide web sites , which encompass not only all of the LSC programs in a state , but other state justice community partners .
that your approach is is is right you can actually go out and sub it if even if you do n't wan na get hands on you can even just sub it out the concrete and those kind of things and and that 's kind of the plan i have so um uh everyone i talk to uh i ` ve
but it but again it depends on what job you 're in the men that are out there fixing power lines are tested a lot
Carmel Man , a relation of the Neanderthal family , lived here 600,000 years ago .
Market Street is home to the Edinburgh CityArt Gallery , showcasing the work of up-and-coming artists .
He took the wicked blade as well .
huh no i have n't attempted that i 'm satisfied with what we have right now and we do have a gas credit card and we use that
The call is coming from inside the house !
It is n't , of course .
is that what you ended up going into
Of particular significance -- the American public has become acutely aware of the hazards to their health , including the risk of mortality , posed by inhalation of fine particles and exposure to mercury through fish consumption .
Detroit Pistons they 're not as good as they were last year
Sorry but that 's how it is .
So far , however , the number of mail pieces lost to alternative bill-paying methods is too small to have any material impact on First-Class volume .
On top is a broad plateau 650 metres -LRB- 2,132 feet -RRB- long by 300 metres -LRB- 984 feet -RRB- wide .
He says men are here .
Do n't mean the police , but the people that are right in it .
From Port-Louis all the way down Grande Terre 's west coast to Pointe Pitre there extend vast mangrove swamps .
The recommendation comes from the court 's Task Force on Civil Equal Justice Funding , created in 2001 to look for ways to cope with the sparse amount of money available for such cases .
yeah well i i started uh studying mathematics basically because i was really good at that in high school
Can I help you ? '
but i 've lived up here all my life and i 'm fifty eight years old so i i could
It is not possible to walk up through the water as at Dunn 's River , but steps have been erected at the side of the water to take you to a platform at the foot of the first cascade .
Continue along the Quai Saint-Nicolas to the Mus ?? e Alsacien at num?ber 23 , a group of 16th - and 17th-century houses appropriate to the colorful collections of Alsatian folklore .
And in this city , where literature and theater have historically dominated the scene , visual arts are finally coming into their own with the new Museum of Modern Art and the many galleries that display the work of modern Irish artists .
Initiatives that we suggested for the CIO Council to consider
The management of the cafe has established the rules for the use of their facility .
And two - the personal pronoun problems were going to get serious .
of course you got to charge it and keep your cash
There are a number of these on Chatham Road South and around Cameron Street in Tsim Sha Tsui .
George W. Bush and Bill Bradley are not talking about individual holders of wealth .
Five minutes later she smiled contentedly at her reflection in the glass .
First , we can acknowledge , and maybe even do something about , some of the disaffecting fallout from globalization , such as pollution and cultural dislocation .
The University of Nevada-Las Vegas boasts a student population over 23,000 -LRB- though , like most of the people in Las Vegas , they are commuters -RRB- .
Beginning with his unsuccessful reconnoitring at Bournemouth , he passed on to his return to London , the buying of the car , the growing anxieties of Tuppence , the call upon Sir James , and the sensational occurrences of the previous night .
In an atmosphere of economic crisis stagnant productivity , bank closures , and rising unemployment conservatives wanted somebody tougher , more dynamic than eternally compromising old-style politicians .
The most comfortable courses are in the cooler hill stations , notably Cameron Highlands and Fraser 's Hill .
On the days I go to my office , I wear a flannel shirt with no necktie if the weather is cool .
Dublin has international restaurants galore , and the New Irish Cuisine is built upon fresh products of Ireland 's seas , rivers , and farms .
i guess it 's just you know and when i think about that lady this this particular lady who wrote me a check for twelve dollars and it bounced and i sent it through you know sent it through the check through the bank once and she incurred at least a fifteen dollar fee
oh i believe that uh mine would say the same uh but uh i seem too rely on them too much
Cirque du Soleil 's The latest from the acclaimed international troupe , O dazzles in an aquatic environment that utilizes 1.5 million gallons -LRB- 6.8 million liters -RRB- of water .
This explains the presence in Guangzhou of the Huaisheng Mosque , reputed to be China 's oldest , and traditionally dated a.d. 627 .
A Newsday story on this incident reports that , Toobin said through a Random House spokesman ...
oh it 's fun i call
Small towns like Louisian lay scattered all over the Oil Fields ; the main train line branched between them .
Albino Alligator -LRB- Miramax -RRB- .
For fiscal year 1996 , Congress determined that the Commission should recover $ 126,400,000 in costs , an amount 8.6 percent higher than required in fiscal year 1995 .
no it did n't
Always check with drivers and hotel employees to determine if road conditions are good before you depart .
so that 's that 's one of your priorities there 's got to be air has to be an automatic
Lawyers in their first three years of practice or who are inactive pay $ 90 , and retired lawyers pay nothing .
If you are keen to learn Israeli folk dancing , the Bicurei Ha'etim Cellar in Heftman Street will teach you .
But for some recipients , there is a downside to the checks from Anthem Inc. , issued to policyholders as part of the insurer 's conversion to a publicly traded company .
The central features of the Results Act-strategic planning , performance measurement , and public reporting and accountability-can serve as powerful tools to help change the basic culture of government .
Daniel took it upon himself to explain a few things .
down here it 's been it 's everybody 's got colds and everything because it 's cold one day and hot the next day
This explains the presence in Guangzhou of the Huaisheng Mosque , reputed to be China 's oldest , and traditionally dated a.d. 627 .
As the budgets , functions , and points of service of many government programs devolve to state and local government , private entities and nonprofit organizations , and other third parties , it may become harder for GAO to obtain the records it needs to complete audits and evaluations .
The WP says that the Paula Jones trial judge has had an interesting prior run-in with Bill Clinton .
The census of 1931 served as an alarm signal for the Malay national consciousness .
well it 's a pleasure talking with you
Also , other sorbent-based approaches in development may prove in time to be preferable to ACI , making the use of ACI only a conservative assumption .
His diet was of wheaten bread ,
Poirot answered them categorically , almost mechanically .
In 2001 , LSC continued to play an active role in encouraging and supporting states ' technology plans .
` Of course . '
Not yourself .
At the time of publication , this document , along with other publications pertaining to information security , was available on NIST 's Computer Security Resource Clearinghouse internet page at / / csrc.nist.gov / publications.html .
Sainte-Anne itself has a long , broad beach used not only by fishermen in vividly painted boats , but also by families with small children .
oh that might be kind of interesting is it
Their goals remain influential as India approaches the new millennium while it continues to modernize its industry and increase its agricultural output .
The street ends at Taksim Square -LRB- Taksim Meydane -RRB- , the heart of modern Istanbul , lined with luxurious five-star hotels and the glass-fronted Ataturk Cultural Centre -LRB- Ataturk Keleter Sarayy -RRB- , also called the Opera House .
They were so sure of themselves that they took it for granted he had made a mistake . ''
He 'd gone a long way on what he 'd found in one elementary book .
His failure will endure .
3 It should be noted that the toxicity -LRB- LC50 -RRB- of a sample observed in a range-finding test may be significantly different from the toxicity observed in the follow-up chronic definitive test -LRB- 1 -RRB- the definitive test is longer ; and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the test may be performed with a sample collected at a different time , and possibly differing significantly in the level of toxicity .
I admit I have knowledge of a certain name , but perhaps my knowledge ends there . ''
will never be doused -LRB- Brit Hume , Fox News Sunday ; Tony Blankley , Late Edition ; Robert Novak , Capital Gang ; Tucker Carlson , The McLaughlin Group -RRB- . The middle way is best expressed by Howard Kurtz -LRB- NBC 's Meet the Press -RRB- -- he scolds Brill for undisclosed campaign contributions and for overstretching his legal case against Kenneth Starr but applauds him for casting light on the media .
But by one measure , it seems to have been static .
It 's easy to overdose on the many temples , palaces , and museums in India .
It is truly an honor .
cook and then the next time it would be my turn and i 'd try to outdo him and then he 'd try to outdo me and we we was really a lot of fun and
1 -RRB- Increased federal enforcement . Before Hoover 's death , the FBI did not aggressively investigate the Mafia .
Disney CEO Eisner , who 's actually underrated as a pop-culture maven -LRB- he was responsible for Happy Days and Welcome Back , Kotter -RRB- , insists that ABC 's downturn is cyclical and that it will soon return to life .
If there was a bit of Fuller in Leonardo , there was also a bit of Liberace in this theatrical , high-living dandy who favored brocade doublets and bad boys with pretty faces .
GAO secures all information obtained during the course of its work .
` Wait here , ' I was ordered .
Because of limited resources , local legal services programs are forced to turn away tens of thousands of people with critical legal problems .
explanations , and to corroborate findings .
IRS Restructuring and Reform Act , its budget requests , and administration of various tax
That 's it . The girl looked at him , then passed her hand across her forehead .
As Russell points out , some 400,000 legal aid cases go unassisted each year .
you can get a hard copy of it and that 's about it
Ocho Rios is Spanish for eight rivers , but this name is not descriptive of the area .
Even after we hire good people , we need to take steps to retain them .
NEH-supported exhibitions were distinguished by their elaborate wall panels -- educational maps , photomurals , stenciled treatises -- which competed with the objects themselves for space and attention .
Working for Philip Morris is n't like defending an indigent murderer in a death penalty appeal .
okay i guess we 're on
but you 're without a paycheck during that time and i do n't at least that 's my understanding is even you know the first time you go for counseling and it 's six weeks before you 're back to work
and clean up is is uh is a joy uh a little soap and water and air dry them and you do n't have to worry about that
hi Mary have you gone visiting uh any new restaurants lately
Thus , recent evidence suggests that by not including an estimate of reductions in short-term mortality due to changes in ambient ozone , both the Base and Alternative Estimates may underestimate the benefits of implementation of the Clear Skies Act .
Still , commercial calculation is n't sufficient to explain his stand .
Duke William returned from his conquest of England to attend the consecration of Notre-Dame in 1067 .
The next morning they ate dry bread , two strips of lean meat , and two eggs fried in animal fat on a skillet of black scorched iron .
In our family we have two sons in public life .
well the parts to to me i spent twenty two dollars on the parts
We can leave them and let them die , said Thorn .
He went down on his knees , examining it minutely , even going so far as to smell it .
oh older ones too i know a few of those
Mr. Erlenborn attended undergraduate courses at the University of Notre Dame , Indiana University , the University of Illinois , and Loyala University of Chicago .
In this respect , bringing Steve Jobs back to save Apple is like bringing Gen.
The campaigns seem to reach a new pool of contributors .
As a result , an estimated four out of five low-income people requiring legal help in our community do not receive it .
Politically , it 's anti-democratic , replacing congressional and executive branch decision-making .
The tomb of Job Charnock , the Company official who founded the city of Caletta , is in the church cemetery .
Steps are initiated to allow program board membership to reflect the clienteligible community and include representatives from the funding community , corporations and other partners .
The experts point out that it is not age alone that determines a Chinese antique 's value the dynasties of the past had their creative ups and downs .
Hey , no problem , a fine policy .
down here it 's been it 's everybody 's got colds and everything because it 's cold one day and hot the next day
if the United States had used full conventional power .
To places where surface transportation is not available , senders would be required to pay air rates , and possibly air rates keyed to the characteristics of the Alaskan air system .
you know some of the really the really emotional ones have you followed the Dallas elections on zoning
So have I for that matter , but I flatter myself that my choice of dishes was more judicious than yours .
HE KNOWS ABOUT THE MINES .
Watergate remains for many an unhealed wound , and Clinton 's critics delight in needling him with Watergate comparisons -- whether to Whitewater or Flytrap .
There are many homes built into the hillsides ; some have been converted into art galleries and shops selling collectibles .
NONFEDERAL PHYSICAL PROPERTY ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY
Should we invite these young wealthies back to our comparatively humble , small home ?
His family had lost a son and a daughter now .
Control activities occur at all levels and functions of the entity .
it was really a nice compromise especially because she felt like she was still living in her own house and she still had her own couch and her own bed and it it really helped a lot and she was a lot more comfortable and she did n't
In DOD 's current acquisition environment , the customer is willing to trade time and money for the highest performing weapon system possible .
The town is also known for its sparkling wine and for the caves where about 70 per?cent of France 's cultivated mushrooms are grown .
Additions to the 2002 Request for Proposal -LRB- RFP -RRB- include questions for applicants on staff diversity , recruitment and retention strategies and training , and the organization 's strategic planning .
okay and and i think we just hang up i do n't think we have to do anything else
South Along the Caribbean
so i have to find a way to supplement that
He thought the biggest barrier was how to change the culture in the ED so that staff would ask screening questions .
oh i 'll bet they did
Time 's cover package considers what makes a good school .
Emissions will be cut from current emissions of 48 tons to a cap of 26 tons in 2010 , and
From Sant Francesc , take the road that leads southwest to Cap Berber?a -LRB- the southernmost point in the Balearics -RRB- .
Concurrent with downsizing , procurement regulations have been modified to allow agencies greater flexibility and choice in selecting contracting methods for acquiring facilities .
These days , newspaper writers are no longer allowed the kind of license he took .
Last year , that campaign - primarily among private attorneys - drew less than $ 40,000 while the Nashville legal aid fund-raising garnered more than $ 500,000 .
Even today , Yanomamo men raid villages , kill men , and abduct women for procreative purposes .
uh i really i miss college i had a good time
I had an additional reason for that belief in the fact that all the cups found contained sugar , which Mademoiselle Cynthia never took in her coffee .
Her eyes flashed continually from one window to the other .
um-hum yeah right uh is yours a is it a a slab foundation or pier and beam
well that would be a help i wish they would do that here we have got so little landfill space left that we 're going to run out before the end of this decade and it 's really going to be
Alexander the Great , who passed through the city in 334 b.c. , paid for its completion ; five of the original 30 columns have been restored to their full height .
Hall said that Britain has enjoyed a half-century of pre-eminence in this field of endeavor and that this could now be destroyed .
On the northwestern Alpine frontier , a new state had appeared on the scene , destined to lead the movement to a united Italy .
they might be but not at not at the human factors level
And she came to you ?
The movie does n't come to much , though .
He grimaced at his own doubts .
Bauerstein had been at Styles on the fatal night , and added : `` He said twice : ` That alters everything . ' And I 've been thinking .
All requests to provide live testimony at one of the two public hearings were granted .
But even managers who try to stay alert to these forces often gather their information anecdotally or informally .
yeah yeah uh-huh yeah we we saw that one uh we find that uh that uh if you can get into those dollar movies you know they 're uh they 're a dollar and a half what is it dollar and a quarter dollar and a half now
The great breathtaking Italian adventure remains the road .
The story of the technology business gets spiced up because the reality is so bland .
' She gets a little obsessive about her sauce .
Most of Slate will not be published next week , the third and last of our traditional summer weeks off .
Station Jesus meets his mother .
Alternatively , there are Sousa and Goncalves -LRB- Rua do Castanheiro , 47 -RRB- and Unibasket -LRB- Rua do Carmo , 42 ; Tel. 291/226 925 -RRB- , both in Funchal .
yeah yeah so it 's interesting to talk to somebody from that general vicinity
so i have to find a way to supplement that
His failure will endure .
Additions to the 2002 Request for Proposal -LRB- RFP -RRB- include questions for applicants on staff diversity , recruitment and retention strategies and training , and the organization 's strategic planning .
no i mean there there there was nothing to it i mean
8 A stoichiometry of 1.03 is typical when the FGD process is producing gypsum by-product , while a stoichiometry of 1.05 is needed to produce waste suitable for a landfill .
Happily , there 's still a lot that has n't yet been adulterated on the two islands ` meaning that visitors also have a choice .
Ah , triple pig !
From the Index : Average number of public school students expelled each school day last year for gun 34 .
maybe adult literacy maybe you know composition writing maybe you know uh volunteering you know on a tutor line or though the even through the elementary schools for help with homework or the other part of me says is God i 've had enough kids do i really
yep because it 's when it 's self propelled it 's heavy yeah
Loire Valley
I felt like a rat .
He 's too cautious .
The Praya , the promenade in front of the ferry pier , is a good place to observe the many junks and fishing boats in the harbor .
Ah , ma foi , no ! replied Poirot frankly .
Some Kwanzaa rituals , most notably the focus on candles , seem to have been borrowed from Hanukkah .
The bridge would work for a very short time but the stream is n't a clear defense .
My last afternoon in Louisian was supposed to be no different - but the hotel room was small and claustrophobic , and I was utterly bored .
how do you like it well
i i have some feelings about it in the sense that i feel if a person is guilty beyond a reasonable doubt and it 's a really heinous crime i feel like the Bible says an eye for an eye
The world ripped apart around them replaced with a world of fear and blood and fire .
A succession of discoveries has taught us about archeabacteria , very ancient and primitive single-cell organisms that live in the places you 'd least expect anything to call home .
The river-beds are mostly too shallow for anything but flat-bottomed boats .
yeah because being a student i 'm doing it for the money
He had n't seen even pictures of such things since the few silent movies run in some of the little art theaters .
you know getting clothes and stuff every once in awhile exactly
In few other modern cities are you likely to see such a variety of costumes .
But of course , that 's just another way of saying that liberal democracy -- a value Huntington surely ranks above the alternatives morally -- may never fit some peoples as naturally as it fits us .
This historically renowned freshwater lake , known both as the Sea of Galilee and Lake Kinneret -LRB- meaning a harp , after its shape -RRB- , is just 58 km -LRB- 36 miles -RRB- in circumference .
yeah right uh-huh that 's right yeah you you have to work on you really do
yeah and crawl through it
Inside the Oval White House Tapes From FDR to Clinton
Oh , sorry , wrong church .
Local boy Gates wisely built his 45,000-square-foot castle in suburban Seattle .
Most produce is locally grown , with some from the restaurant 's own organic garden .
yeah uh-huh but we look at it sort of as an investment in the future too
Many lakes or sections of lakes are also wildlife conservation areas ; these guides list the regulations that are in effect to protect water birds and other animals .
` Go now . '
A lack of sleep can always be remedied later , a Madrile ?? o might tell you , as he tops off a late night with early-morning chocolate con curros -LRB- a fried-dough and chocolate snack ideal for absorbing alcohol -RRB- on the way home for a shower and then continues on to work .
The m ?? tro -LRB- subway -RRB- is the fastest way to move around the city , but the buses , both in the capital and the other big towns , are best for taking in the sights .
In 1099 , under their leaders Godfrey de Bouillon and Tancred , the Crusaders captured the Holy City for Christendom by slaughtering both Muslims and Jews .
OMB issued the guidance in Memorandum M0010 , dated April 25 , 2000 .
Do you know what this is ? '' With a dramatic gesture she flung back the left side of her coat and exposed a small enamelled badge .
June 21 , 1995 , provides the specific requirements for assessing and reporting on controls .
GQ editor Art Cooper reportedly received two $ 1-million loans , one for a Manhattan apartment , the other for a Connecticut farm .
Audit committees should not only oversee both internal and external auditors , but also be proactively involved in understanding issues related to the complexity of the business , and , when appropriate , challenge management through discussion of choices regarding complex accounting , financial reporting , and auditing issues .
In the final rule , HCFA revised certain regulations pertaining to the costs of graduate medical education programs to conform to a recently enacted statute .
And really it 's a great relief to think he 's going , Hastings , continued my honest friend .
And there was me .
He was standing in front of a grey backdrop - somewhere that could be anywhere .
I had an additional reason for that belief in the fact that all the cups found contained sugar , which Mademoiselle Cynthia never took in her coffee .
It is , as you see , highly magnified .
On a scale of 0 -LRB- strongly disagree -RRB- to 7 -LRB- strongly agree -RRB- the statement alcoholics are difficult to treat received a mean score of 6.25 , and the statement alcoholism is a treat-able disease received a mean score of 5.27 .
There are factory showrooms in the Pedder Building , 12 Pedder Street , in Central .
year , they gave morethan a half million dollars to Western Michigan Legal Services .
did you see it
Release 2.0 : A Design for Living in the Digital Age , by Esther Dyson -LRB- Broadway Books -RRB- .
SSA is also seeking statutory authority for additional tools to recover current overpayments .
Even as more people are accumulating balances through employer-sponsored 401 -LRB- k -RRB- saving plans and individual retirement accounts , personal saving-which does not reflect gains on existing assets-has declined .
17 An alternative to unaddressed mail would be to auction off the right to be a third bundle on specific days in specific post offices .
Stale macho jokes and formulaic cliffhangers drive this chase-by-numbers thriller on the bumpy road to nowhere -LRB- Holden , the New York Times -RRB- .
His politeness sounded strange coming from a desert nomad .
The anthropologist Napoleon Chagnon has shown that Yanomamo men who have killed other men have more wives and more offspring than average guys .
He 'd gone a long way on what he 'd found in one elementary book .
away from the children
The collection and indeed the building itself is not huge or overbearing , allowing visitors to relax and enjoy the art perhaps more than is possible in such massive galleries as the Louvre or Rijksmuseum .
A lot of people rely on their local government for protection .
Hamon said the proposed bill has attracted a number of co-sponsors , and Legal Aid backers are hoping to get it passed in the upcoming legislative session .
oh that 's not really important the the other stuff is just you know window dressing because we we 've never ordered anything fact the the van that we 've got we bought uh from an estate it was an estate trade uh it was almost brand new the the gentlemen who owned it had died
And , could it not result in a decline in Postal Service volumes across -- the -- board ?
But the real dirty work had already been done .
Saint-Th ?? gonnec is an outstanding example , its triumphal arch setting the tone for the majestic calvary of 1610 .
well i meant when when you were when you were growing up i mean like Galveston
He also has a private practice .
For example , the CFO Council and the Office of Management and Budget -LRB- OMB -RRB- are aggressively working on eight priority initiatives outlined in the1998 Federal Financial Management Status Report and FiveYear Plan .
A piece describes the Learning Channel 's new women-targeted reality TV A Wedding Story , A Baby Story , and A Dating Story , featuring real-life marriages , babies , and dates .
But of course , that 's just another way of saying that liberal democracy -- a value Huntington surely ranks above the alternatives morally -- may never fit some peoples as naturally as it fits us .
Castlerigg near Keswick is the best example .
In some cases , members initially participated because of an existing trust relationship with individual leaders or sponsors , and it was a challenge to keep them returning until they saw value in participating and had built trust with other members .
If I work at it , I might even be able to pick up some endorsements from members of the Sonics .
If you are keen to learn Israeli folk dancing , the Bicurei Ha'etim Cellar in Heftman Street will teach you .
Enthusiasm for Disney 's Broadway production of The Lion King dwindles .
Transforming Control of Public Health Programs Raises Concerns -LRB-
does does that make since to you
For more than a year , Clinton 's surrogates have been calling Starr an out-of-control prosecutor .
So is the salt , drying in the huge , square pans at Las Salinas in the south .
A martini should be gin and vermouth and a twist .
A lot of people are going to look at it and say , ` Well , I took the exam the way it is and that 's what I had to do it , ' said Mr. Curnin .
High Crimes is painfully shoddy , even for a book rushed to press .
and uh my daughter gets irate when i when i do that because you know she 's a teenager
oh you know i like what i 'm doing right now
Also in Eustace Street is an information office and a cultural center for children , The Ark .
The Illinois Equal Justice Foundation has recently made its first grants from money appropriated by the Illinois General Assembly .
i 'd say they appraised it it 's gone up you now maybe like five percent
The castle itself comprises an early 17th-century tower house , restored with Irish oak from the park which is held together without a single nail .
He sat a short distance from them , his eyes on Jon .
yeah that 's true the traffic um yeah yeah
In the meantime , the philosophy is to seize present-day opportunities in the thriving economy .
Arawak peoples migrated to various Caribbean islands , arriving in Jamaica by the beginning of the eighth century .
Sainte-Anne itself has a long , broad beach used not only by fishermen in vividly painted boats , but also by families with small children .
He seemed to have aged a thousand years .
It might not stop them completely but it would slow them the first night .
yeah i know because uh all i know is that when i came here in eighty seven they still had uh it was the last year to to put all your punch cards in
and i need to be better because uh uh we just bought it my wife and i just bought a new car and uh you know we want to take real good care of it so uh
From that spot she could see all of them and , should she need to , she could see through them as well .
and that you 're very much right but the jury may or may not see it that way so you get a little anticipate you know anxious there and go well you know
Sometimes it flattens entire neighbourhoods to make life easier for them .
For a second , I thought the crowd might provide me with some cover , or at least slow my pursuers down with its sheer density .
Keep your eyes open for Renaissance details , grand doorways , and views into lovely courtyards .
life track
It is housed in a Martello A series of such towers , some 12 m -LRB- 40 ft -RRB- high and 2.5 m -LRB- 8 ft -RRB- thick , were constructed along the coast at the beginning of the 19th century to guard against invasion by Napoleon .
and ancient coins
In this rule , cost refers to historical cost and market refers to the current replacement cost by purchase or production .
At least they 're getting stoned first , I rationalized .
that was good and Poland yeah and i 've done some of those yeah i like i like things that are those are a few of the ones i can take of his i like it when they actually are giving you information in a novel format i guess would be the
oh of course
At 60 cents , it 's a bargain !
The party 's broad aims were to support capitalist policies and to continue close ties with Britain and the rest of the Commonwealth .
Since The Bell Curve was published , it has become clear that almost everything about it was inexcusably suspect data , mistakes in statistical procedures that would have flunked a sophomore -LRB- Murray -- Herrnstein is deceased -- clearly does not understand what a correlation coefficient means -RRB- , deliberate suppression of contrary evidence , you name it .
The oldest continually occupied settlement on the island is Kastro , where most of the buildings date from the 14th century and were laid out in a circular pattern atop a rocky outcrop 100 m -LRB- 300 ft -RRB- above the east coast .
At the far end of David Street , Temple Mount is one of the world 's most sacred spots to three major religions .
This does n't look good .
but we 're taking our time we 're going uh try to make our decision by July
Tuppence rose .
Several security managers said that by participating in our study , they hoped to gain insights on how to improve their information security programs .
Cases in Comparative
oh sure sure right um-hum right
Two aromatic aniseed drinks are also produced locally .
On various episodes he is a member , along with Bluebeard and the Grim Reaper , of the Jury of the Damned ; he takes part in a snake-bludgeoning -LRB- in a scandal exposed by a Bob Woodward book -RRB- ; his enemies list is used for dastardly purposes ; even his dog Checkers is said to be bound for hell .
Poirot remained lost in thought for a few minutes .
so uh i hope you like your office
Governed by the great bendahara Mutahir with more diplomacy than military force , the sultanate asserted its supremacy over the whole Malay peninsula -LRB- except for the northernmost Thai-held Patani region -RRB- and across the Melaka Straits to the east coast of Sumatra .
They 're both excited about it ...
because the cold weather was just simply trapped along the ground and could n't get away
yeah so i i trotted back to the car rather quickly uh jumped in went home and took a hot shower and changed clothes and went back
well yeah that really is scary
Not yourself .
Even after we hire good people , we need to take steps to retain them .
As previously noted , we published new independence standards dealing with non-audit/consulting services when the AICPA failed to act .
Once they know their Social Security benefits promised under current law , workers can calculate how much they can expect from employer-sponsored pension plans and how much they need to save on their own for retirement .
Other advantages the Postal Service could retain relate to such things as the payment of taxes , the need for a return on investment , the right of eminent domain , and immunity from parking tickets .
Exhibit 3 presents total national emissions of NOx and SO2 from all sectors , including power .
well i think of uh you mean as far as retirement
That example points to an important general Total expenditure is determined by the value of the prize , whether we 're talking about presidential campaigns or state lotteries .
The credibility of the United States working with its European partners in NATO is on the line .
Neither does it include the mail sent in response to advertising .
All of them slept in one cave on animal skins , a single large clay pot cooked all of their food .
so we 've been out here well really in the house since December and we 've been uh planting flowers that we could never plant in San Antonio uh
the only problem is it 's not large enough it only holds about i think they squeezed when Ryan struck out his five thousandth player they they squeezed about forty thousand people in there
uh i do n't know i i have mixed emotions about him uh sometimes i like him but at the same times i love to see somebody beat him
The following are examples of how agencies engaged employee unions .
pretty good newspaper uh-huh
Once the pious devotions are over , however , wine flows , fireworks explode , espetada -LRB- kebab -RRB- stalls flourish , and Monte regains normality for another 363 days .
The political cleansing that did not happen through the impeachment process leaves Clinton with a great and serious burden .
So , which one of you ladies wants to go first .
At the fulcrum is a coffee bar and cafe under a giant screen television flanked by CD listening stations .
To reach any of the three Carbet falls , you must continue walking after the roads come to an end for 20 minutes , 30 minutes , or two hours respectively .
There is very little to see here , or at the ruined Essene monastery of Qumran itself .
Perhaps we should prepare a militia .
At 79 m -LRB- 260 ft -RRB- wide and 36 m -LRB- 118 ft -RRB- high , it was built by the Ptolemies during a total reconstruction of the temple in the years 237 105 b.c.
because then they 'll or you have a prescription
This was built 15 years earlier by Jahangir 's wife , Nur Jahan , for her father , who served as Mughal Prime Minister .
Always check with drivers and hotel employees to determine if road conditions are good before you depart .
In the ancestral environment a man would be likely to have more offspring if he got his pick of the most fertile-seeming women .
Yet Mrs. Inglethorp ordered a fire !
In this respect , bringing Steve Jobs back to save Apple is like bringing Gen.
The Palace of Jahangir is built around a square court with arches .
In our family we have two sons in public life .
The students ' reaction was swift and contentious , as if their feelings had been hurt .
From his second sight Jon saw San ` doro grappling with a much larger man .
probably so yeah you can get a head start on it
In the first instance , IRS would have no record of time before the person could get through to an agent and of discouraged callers .
Here 's the 439 feet + -LRB- 59 feet x 0.6 -RRB- = 474 feet .
Others are Zao -LRB- in Tohoku -RRB- and a number of resorts in Joshin-etsu Kogen National Park in the Japan Alps , where there are now splendid facilities thanks to the 1998 Winter Olympic Games in Nagano .
Smart men make good thieves , as long as they 're desperate .
The park was established in 1935 and was given Corbett 's name after India became independent .
so he donates a lot not everything but a lot of the material then what he does n't donate we just go out and buy
John Kasich dropped his presidential bid .
The key question may be not what Hillary knew but when she knew it .
Against his own advice , Ca ` daan dared to stare off the edge once as they neared the end .
Possibly , but strychnine is a fairly rapid drug in its action .
yeah that 's true the traffic um yeah yeah
Typically assumed to be a high-roller card game , baccarat -LRB- bah-cah-rah -RRB- is similar to blackjack , though it 's played with stricter rules , higher limits , and less player interaction .
Other pundits beam their opinions at us as through a time warp , from the hazy days of past administrations .
at least i 'm going to give it a try cause you can see i mean the oil filters i mean you can touch it it 's right there
The game of billiards is also hot .
Shall I tell you what it would be like for your soul to live in the muck of a swamp in a mandrake root ? Dave shook his head .
These adaptations are not uniformly valued .
then there 's that uh let 's see i like the Lakers Milwaukee Atlanta Hawks i like them too
Were you in company with anyone ?
um-hum yeah we 're still pretty much you know in winter as far as that goes here
hi Mary have you gone visiting uh any new restaurants lately
yeah it 's true it is in in fact i have a friend of mine that moved to North Carolina she 's um an emergency room nurse she does the operating room
Finally , the Administration strongly opposes including reductions for CO2 in S. 556 or any multi-pollutant bill .
` Of course . '
I found her leaning against the bannisters , deadly pale .
1 Lower and upper PMSD bounds were determined from the 10th and 90th percentile , respectively , of PMSD data from EPA 's WET Interlaboratory Variability Study -LRB- USEPA , 2001a ; USEPA , 2001b -RRB- .
The technical how-tos for these three strategies will be summarized later in this paper .
Here you 'll find the finest leather goods and of-the-moment fashions from all the predictable high-priests -LRB- Valentino , Armani , Versace , Gucci , Missoni , etc. -RRB- . A number of classic men 's clothing meccas such as Cucci -LRB- with a C -RRB- , Brioni , and Battistoni are still going strong .
His off-the-cuff style seems amateurish next to Inglis ' polished mini-essays .
Boats in daily use lie within feet of the fashionable bars and restaurants .
uh it 's in Georgia it 's yeah it 's right outside of Macon and and it 's just a i like the way that i like the way that idea of the south is
I 'm not sentimental , you know . '' She paused .
Coast Guard rules establishing bridgeopening schedules -RRB- .
He slowed .
yeah yeah if they do come up with a positive regardless of what uh what it was they detected uh we 're required to go attend a uh a counseling session
IQ boosting was achieved through a fetal replacement process where the embryos from two carefully selected mothers were to be switched from one to another .
That drawer was an unlocked one , as he had pointed out , and he submitted that there was no evidence to prove that it was the prisoner who had concealed the poison there .
I think this report shows that we have had an inordinately productive and successful year .
In the 1980s , a pragmatic socialist coalition government with the Christian Democrats brought a few years of unusual stability .
yeah i i think my favorite restaurant is always been the one closest you know the closest as long as it 's it meets the minimum criteria you know of good food
The Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs of OMB approved the
did oh they 're they are everywhere they
Eh ! Monsieur Lawrence , called Poirot .
On the northwestern Alpine frontier , a new state had appeared on the scene , destined to lead the movement to a united Italy .
Around the year 1400 , fighting over the island of Singapore drove the Srivijaya prince Parameswara to seek refuge up the peninsula coast with his orang laut pirate friends in their small fishing village of Melaka .
In the other sight he saw Adrin 's hands cocking back a pair of dragon-hammered pistols .
They were inferior .
and then you can add cocoa powder to it to make chocolate or after it 's thickened i cook it for a good once it starts boiling i just i cook it for a good seven minutes
In an effort to more thoroughly explore this topic , we expanded our discussions beyond the eight organizations that were the primary subjects of our study by requesting the Computer Security Institute to informally poll its most active members on this subject .
that 's true i did n't think about that
Flanked with patches of forest leading up into the foothills of the Himalayas , the flat plain stretches right across to the Bay of Bengal 1,600 km -LRB- 1,000 miles -RRB- away , but some areas are kept as nature reserves for the country 's wildlife , notably its tigers , leopards , and elephants .
She was a very good mistress to me , sir .
It displays some superb marble sculptures of the second century a.d. , most notably a Venus and the Emperor Hadrian and his wife Sabina .
It features over 50 outlets for discounted designer fashions , from Armani to DKNY .
By seeding packs with a few high-value cards , the manufacturer is encouraging kids to buy Pokemon cards like lottery tickets .
from generation to generation -LRB- Michiko Kakutani , the New York Times -RRB- . A few , like Pearl K. Bell in the Wall Street Journal , find a surfeit of sweetly obedient docility in the novel and say parts are perilously at the edge of sentimentality .
Punditus Interruptus , The Final
we 're thinking about putting one of those in
Among the allegations is that Tokyo Joe -- listen , he calls himself that -- duped subscribers to his e-mail advisory , exaggerating his annual returns by leaving out losing trades .
exercise is not supposed to do that to you
Tuppence frowned .
Bettelheim committed suicide in 1990 , evidently having found life unbearable , despite -LRB- or because of -RRB- his fictions .
But recently , the speculation has subsided .
After four years , Clinton has learned how to avoid looking unpresidential .
Ca ` daan heard the Kal grunt and felt the horse lift .
There are no gods here now , said the voice of the monster in front of them .
And , just incidentally , the Sons of the Egg who 'd attacked him in the hospital had tried to reach the camp twice already , once by interpenetrating into a shipment of mandrakes , which indicated to what measures they would resort .
hi Cynthia what did you wear to work today
During the Crimean War -LRB- 1854 56 -RRB- she set up a hospital in the huge Selimiye Barracks -LRB- Selimiye Kelase -RRB- .
There are two challengers to these top dogs .
, First-Class Mail used by households to pay their bills -RRB- and the household bill mail -LRB- i.e.
The Kal tangled both of Adrin 's arms , keeping the blades far away .
yeah so it 's easy to do i 'm actually interested in getting one of those kind of my wife has been talking about this in the past couple of years one of those kind of campers that pop-up so it 's about uh maybe eight foot square and but only about two feet tall and when you get to where you 're going it raises up and there 's tenting material
In 1654 Oliver Cromwell , Lord Protector of England , dispatched a British fleet to the Caribbean to break the stranglehold of the Spanish .
and i 'll go there for you know two months straight we wo n't go anyplace else
yeah i do remember that and uh i remember as a kid my parents watching the Ed Sullivan Show that was really the big deal in our household was the Ed Sullivan Show yeah i guess i guess it was a Saturday night and i went to see the movie The Doors a couple of days ago and they had this scene
Their goals remain influential as India approaches the new millennium while it continues to modernize its industry and increase its agricultural output .
Most large hotels will have a floorshow featuring music and dance , including a voluptuous belly-dancer , who will introduce the audience to the art of gyrating Egyptian style .
As a result , their services may be more effective when conducted in the emergency department environment .
Restored in 1967 , the beautiful exterior is complemented by the fine period furniture housed inside .
SSA is also seeking statutory authority for additional tools to recover current overpayments .
In reviewing this history , it 's important to make some crucial distinctions .
and then you can add cocoa powder to it to make chocolate or after it 's thickened i cook it for a good once it starts boiling i just i cook it for a good seven minutes
There are slave irons , traditional island costumes , and an interesting French map of 1778 showing the theatre de la guerre -LRB- theater of war -RRB- between the Americans and the British .
He turned and saw Jon sleeping in his half-tent .
This was built 15 years earlier by Jahangir 's wife , Nur Jahan , for her father , who served as Mughal Prime Minister .
Perhaps we should prepare a militia .
Sadly , vandals removed all the tomb 's spectacular treasures , but they did leave the gentle beauty of rose and poppies in rich inlaid stones of onyx , green chrysolite , carnelian , and variegated agate .
I understand , mademoiselle , I understand all you feel .
For example , the moderate scenario assumes a 50 % or $ 1 .
Tommy was suddenly galvanized into life .
And yet , we still lack a set of global accounting and reporting standards that reflects the globalization of economies , enterprises , and markets .
Programs in Michigan and the District of Columbia received one-year grant terms for 2002 .
The company later told us that it had discontinued the program because of its adverse effect on employee morale .
right yeah that 's it 's always handy to have that that credit card for whatever it is that you might need it for
The building will also house two smaller volunteer-based programs , the Multi-Cultural Law Center and the Senior Lawyer Volunteer Project .
The levadas were largely built by slave laborers from Africa , whose primary employment was on sugar plantations .
Sphinxes were guardian deitiesinEgyptianmythologyandthis was monumentalprotection , standing73 m -LRB- 240 ft -RRB- longand20 m -LRB- 66 feet -RRB- high .
The agencies requesting guidance on internal controls when implementing fast pay have also designed procedures to verify receipt and acceptance of goods ordered on an afterthefact sampling basis rather than on the basis of a 100percent postpayment verification as is traditionally done .
The entire city was surrounded by open countryside with a scattering of small villages .
There 's nobody telling that landlord to fix the property , Simmons said .
For a small fee , non-guests may use the beach and facilities at a number of Guadeloupe and Martinique hotels ' a great convenience for island-hoppers .
iii Program Letter 1998-1 , published on February 12 , 1998 , called upon all LSC recipients to analyze any progress made toward the development of the legal services model envisioned by state planners .
Growth continued for ten years , and by 1915 the town had telephones , round-the-clock electricity , and a growing population many of whom worked in the railroad repair shop .
The good news , however , can be found in reports like this one .
does does that make since to you
First , the Comptroller General sends a written request to the agency head for the record that has not been made available to GAO within a reasonable time after an initial request .
But we do n't rule out regulation in the future if industry fails to do a good job of policing itself .
Oh my God , I 'm actually intimidated by a Simulacra .
There are also ferries to Discovery Bay .
no nobody 's going to bother you
Monday 's Question -LRB- No .
At eight in the morning .
He thought the biggest barrier was how to change the culture in the ED so that staff would ask screening questions .
In addition , we supported the creation of a 250-page Poverty Law Manual that introduces advocates to the fundamentals of poverty law .
Funchal 's central area boasts the best variety of shops and local products on the island .
Local residents will tell you where to find them .
Yes , Elizabeth Taylor , Norman Mailer , Warren Beatty , David Rockefeller , and Mick Jagger will go to a nightclub , but only if they are reasonably certain that Diana Ross , William F. Buckley Jr. , Salvador Dali , Betty Ford , Frank Sinatra , Mikhail Baryshnikov , and the king of Cyprus will show up too -- and vice versa .
` Pardon me for saying so , but I really do n't think this is the time for an entree , ' I said .
Kom Ombo is an unusual temple in that it is dedicated to two gods .
because i do n't want to my mother was also a domineering type of personality because she had to take over the things that my dad fell short in
If she was n't , how would they have known Jane Finn had got the papers ?
Las Vegas now seems poised to accept the multiple layers of its existence as a tourist city .
If anyone has a good idea about how to bring back the opinion leaders of yore , I am all for it .
The lucrative tin mines of Kuala Lumpur in the State of Selangor , of Sungai Ujong in Negeri Sembilan , and of Larut and Taiping in Perak were run for the Malay rulers by Chinese managers providing coolie labor .
It is at the moment of maximum audience susceptibility that we hear , for the first time , that the woman was fired not because of her gender but because of her sexual preference .
` Have you Mr. Whittington 's address in town ?
oh yes how well i know i was laid off last year but i was i was lucky because i was one of the first groups to go
Dinghies are available for hire from the marinas at Tel Aviv , Jaffa , Akko , Netanya , and Nahariya .
Two separate , exhaustive shots posted simultaneously ?
Spock did not cure American mothers and fathers of their impossible dream of being professional parents equipped with the developmentally correct answers .
But when the cushion is spent in a year or two , or when the next recession arrives , the disintermediating voters will find themselves playing the roles of budget analysts and tax wonks .
Most pundits side with bushy-headed George Stephanopoulos -LRB- This Week -RRB- , arguing that only air strikes would be politically palatable .
The recommendation comes from the court 's Task Force on Civil Equal Justice Funding , created in 2001 to look for ways to cope with the sparse amount of money available for such cases .
Overlapping the others ?
I found Steven E. Landsburg 's piece Pay Scales in Black and White extremely unconvincing .
The technical how-tos for these three strategies will be summarized later in this paper .
` Publicity . ' Lincoln removed his great hat , making a small show of dusting it off .
during the whole war he never put out like a conservation a conservation effort for oil
so we 've been out here well really in the house since December and we 've been uh planting flowers that we could never plant in San Antonio uh
yeah i 'm i 'm sort of an acting process engineer but not officially but that 's pretty much what i do yeah
and the other thing is the cost it 's almost prohibitive to bring it to a dealer
Or just a philosophy of any weapon to hand ?
In other cases , we must rely on survey approaches to estimate WTP , usually through a variant of the contingent valuation approach , which generally involves directly questioning respondents for their WTP in hypothetical market situations .
once you have something and it 's like i was watching this program on TV yesterday in nineteen seventy six NASA came up with Three D graphics right
Now they 're telling mothers to deny food to infants all night long once the kids are a few months old .
By seeding packs with a few high-value cards , the manufacturer is encouraging kids to buy Pokemon cards like lottery tickets .
Hindus then went on the rampage through Sikh communities , resulting in a round of communal violence .
He sat a short distance from them , his eyes on Jon .
In 1982 , Wallace won his last race for governor with a quarter of the black votes cast in the Democratic primary , a fact alluded to in a written epilogue at the end of the film .
i know that you know the further we go from Adam the worse the food is for you but God still somehow makes us all be able to still live i think it 's a miracle we 're all still alive after so many generations well the last couple of processed foods you know i mean but i do n't know i like to i like to my i like to be able to eat really healthy you know what am saying and i guess i 'm going to have to wait for the millennium i think though because i do do n't think we 're going to restore the earth to you know i think Jesus is the only one that can make this earth be restored to what it should be
As a counterweight to the Singapore Chinese , he would bring in the North Borneo states of Sabah and Sarawak , granting them special privileges for their indigenous populations and funds for the development of their backward economies .
For a small fee , non-guests may use the beach and facilities at a number of Guadeloupe and Martinique hotels ' a great convenience for island-hoppers .
So let me draw a slightly different moral from the saga of beach volleyball as it has evolved in our If , as Speaker Gingrich says , the price of volleyball is eternal freedom , still it may take a village to raise a volleyball net .
The universal credibility problem with polling is that wordsmithing and mathematics do n't mix , and never will .
This is one of the reasons we 're growing too weak to fight the Satheri . `` What 's wrong with a ceremony of worship , if you must worship your eggshell ? '' Dave asked .
in one sense um i 'm i 'm an older person in my fifties so i feel that we 've lost some things in the sense that women have to work today
The analysis also addresses the various alternatives to the final rule which were considered , including differing compliance or reporting requirements , use of performance rather than design standards , and an exemption for small entities from coverage of the rule .
Expenses included in calculating net cost for education and training programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity shall be reported as investments in human capital as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units .
The information provided in this guide is current as of the date of this publication .
There never will be .
The bhakti movement of the Tamils brought a new warmth to the hitherto rigid Brahmanic ritual of Hinduism .
Many restaurants and bars have live music .
One he broke back to about the length of his forearm .
The ITC has enlisted legal services attorneys from across the state to manage each of the 12 categories , and those volunteers will organize contributions and add them to a searchable database .
Their goals remain influential as India approaches the new millennium while it continues to modernize its industry and increase its agricultural output .
In the ancestral environment a man would be likely to have more offspring if he got his pick of the most fertile-seeming women .
in you know just dealing with the customer maybe that 's there only reason why they do n't it 'd seem like they 'd just put a little barrel out there and say it pour here and go on we 'll take your money
Other Major Museums
because we do n't always read the newspaper sometimes it just sits around for a while and then we just chuck it
Revenue is recognized from forfeited property unless the property is distributed to state or local law enforcement agencies or foreign
in well i think i think my long-term sense of of budget concerns is that we 're going is a lot of others government 's spending goes on goes towards this uh health care and things like that and a lot of causes of poor health or need for health care are brought about by various factors such as such as pollution stress you know work work environment conditions and so forth but generally the government is
yeah and crawl through it
In few other modern cities are you likely to see such a variety of costumes .
they really do i i sometimes think that that should be limited more
The sunlight , piercing through the branches , turned the auburn of her hair to quivering gold .
Tell me , how did those scribbled words on the envelope help you to discover that a will was made yesterday afternoon ? '' Poirot smiled .
A detailed English explanation of the plot is always provided , and wireless recorded commentary units are sometimes available .
5 percent for educational lay programs relating to law and justice , and other public service programs such as the High School Mock Trial Competition and numerous publications .
Are you sure we should take him down there ? ' Greuze asked Natalia .
The arches that flank the nave are filled with tiers of columns and the walls with windows , while the arches above the entrance and the apse are backed by semi-domes , further increasing the interior space .
As a professional courtesy , GAO will inform requesters of substantive media inquiries during an ongoing assignment .
In fact , the Flamingo would launch over two decades of strong mob presence in Las Vegas .
Or to judge by the Failing to nurse at night can lead to painful engorgement or even breast infection .
for a change i i got i get sick of winter just looking everything so dead i hate that
This was used for ceremonial purposes , allowing statues of the gods to be carried to the river for journeys to the west bank , or to the Luxor sanctuary .
Your man would n't have remained conscious after the first blow .
yeah uh yeah absolutely and the credit union has nine percent interest so yeah so that 's
The materials then are searched for counterevidence and subsidiary or branching paths are laid out .
I nodded again .
i do n't know what kind of a summer we 're expecting this year i imagine it 's going to be hot again
Such parties may include
In addition , Dublin Tourism has devised and signposted three self-guided walking tours of the city , which you can follow using the booklets provided .
of course you could annex Cuba but they would n't like that a bit
Total volume grew 13 .
Even though national saving remains relatively low by U.S. historical standards , economic growth in recent years has been high because more and better investments were made .
With most plants needing to install control equipment to meet these requirements , it is likely that this approach would lead to installation of controls that become obsolete and stranded capital investments as additional requirements are promulgated .
One of the city 's attractions is the shopping center around the Place Darcy and Rue de la Libert ?? , where you can hunt for such regional delicacies as the famous mustards ; pain d' ?? pices -LRB- gingerbread -RRB- ; and cassis , the blackcurrant liqueur that turns an ordinary white wine into a deliciously refreshing kir .
OMB issued the guidance in Memorandum M0010 , dated April 25 , 2000 .
Summary of Deferred Maintenance as of September 30 , 199Z -LRB- in Millions of Dollars -RRB- :
FDA suggests there may be an association between BSE and a form of human TSE known as new variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease .
to uh working a steady eight hour job as it were i had been working for a camp and had relatively real long hours sixteen years old and could handle getting up at five and not getting to bed until ten or eleven and
It features over 50 outlets for discounted designer fashions , from Armani to DKNY .
so he donates a lot not everything but a lot of the material then what he does n't donate we just go out and buy
uh-huh i i thought they did an excellent job of actually aging the person you know from when he was a little kid to little older to little older to except the last the very last you know the last person the last actor that played the kid
Prior to 1986 , the United States had been a net creditor because its holdings of foreign assets exceeded foreign holdings of U.S. assets .
oh really i was um i was TDY at Bent Waters
No , monsieur .
Our review indicates that the Food and Drug Administration complied with the applicable requirements .
The rain had stopped , but the green glow painted everything around them .
Critics complain that John Frankenheimer 's miniseries about the Alabama governor and presidential candidate plays fast and loose with history .
The main funding source for Maryland 's legal services to the poor has fallen on hard times , and advocates are preparing to seek unprecedented state financial help - even as they keep an eye on a legal challenge that threatens to cut off a main source of funding for such services nationwide .
The final rule contains a Federalism Assessment under Executive Order
For the beginner ' and for most others , too ' Beaune is the place to buy .
It means that they gather and interpret their material fairly and argue about its interpretations rationally .
The Standard , published a few days before Deng 's death , covers similar territory .
Therefore , many leading finance organizations have calculated and compared these percentages as a general indication of how well they supported the organization 's business objectives .
It 's Legal Aid 's commitment to justice .
Do you want to see historic sights and tour museums and art galleries ?
` Not part of your biography .
A lot of people are going to look at it and say , ` Well , I took the exam the way it is and that 's what I had to do it , ' said Mr. Curnin .
On a December day in 1917 , British General Allenby rode up to Jaffa Gate and dismounted from his horse because he would not ride where Jesus walked ; he then accepted the surrender of the city after the Ottoman Turks had fled -LRB- the flag of surrender was a bed-sheet from the American Colony Hotel -RRB- .
Sitting up at night is always rather jumpy , she confessed .
To reach Old Cairo take the Nile River Bus from the jetty near the Ramses Hilton hotel ; it will drop you at the terminus of Masr El-Qadeema ; or take the Cairo metro line 1 to Mari Girgis Station .
This site includes a list of all award winners and a searchable database of Government Executive articles .
Palestrina , by Hans Pfitzner , performed by the Royal Opera -LRB- Metropolitan Opera House , New York -RRB- .
That story remains to be told .
But there are two kinds of the pleasure of doing , and the pleasure of not doing ; the pleasure of indulging , and the pleasure of abstinence .
Miller claimed the First Amendment -LRB- right to freedom of speech and association -RRB- rather than taking the Fifth -LRB- right against self-incrimination -RRB- .
i do n't know she said they go crazy
yes i i always turn on the TV set and it seems like i catch that program in the last five minutes and
Little is recorded about this group , but they were probably the ancestors of the Gododdin , whose feats are told in a seventh-century Old Welsh manuscript .
oh does it sure
The arts also flourished in India during these early times .
These aliens may seek legal assistance at any time during the year , although limited English ability and lack of knowledge of rights and procedures may provide obstacles to seeking and obtaining representation .
The search for an AIDS vaccine currently needs serious help , with the U.S. government , the biggest investor in the effort , spending less than 10 percent of its AIDS-research budget on the problem .
During the hottest hours , things come to a virtual standstill , though the Caribbean siesta is an hour or two shorter than its Mediterranean counterpart .
Though the two cities remained unlinked by rail , this was about to change quickly .
No , do n't answer .
To the south , the former fishing villages of Sorrento and Positano spill down the craggy cliffs of the serpentine Amalfi coast , justifiably tauted as one of the world 's most beautiful drives .
This data is used to model the behavior of access costs .
You have to have good peripheral vision and you have to really concentrate .
Using teams can also assist in integrating different perspectives , flattening organizational structure , and streamlining operations .
it was really a nice compromise especially because she felt like she was still living in her own house and she still had her own couch and her own bed and it it really helped a lot and she was a lot more comfortable and she did n't
Across the river from the city , it has superb views ; rooms are very contemporary in design .
Fruit , vegetables , electronics , and a little bit of everything else is on sale here .
oh i 've never itemized yet
If you missed the two top stories in yesterday 's USAT -- the government 's first post-deregulation attempt to preserve competitiveness among airlines and the emergence of a drug that can prevent breast cancer -- they are on the NYT 's front today .
The disputes among nobles were not the first concern of ordinary French citizens .
The primary screen must be integrated into the standard intake procedure of the emergency setting and must be the responsibility of the staff to administer to all patients .
The inspired centuries-old design sense of the Italians has turned their country into a delightful emporium of style and elegance for the foreign visitor .
Both were run by editors -LRB- Paul Williams , Jann Wenner -RRB- who saw rock stars as modern poets and voices of their generation .
the the Iranian borders are still open uh from what i understand understand um
General Motors , for instance , lost $ 460 million to strikes in 1997 , but investors treated the costs as a kind of extraordinary charge and valued the company as if the losses had never happened .
see now in a situation like that the boys are only sixteen years old and they were sexually involved with her and i think like at that particular point she was twenty three you know so she was n't really that much older than them and being a boy at that age i think that they 're very um you know let 's face it that 's at a point in your life when you you 're just starting to realize all the things of life
Lifetime Extension of SCR De-NOx Catalysts Using SCR-Tech 's High Efficiency Ultrasonic Regeneration Process
an d now we got the governor she 's going to do that
The chart to which Reich refers was actually presented during Saxton 's opening statement , hours before Reich testified , and did not look as Reich claims it did .
He watched San ` doro silent in his thoughts .
Hence , it appears likely that the proportion of LC to AO mail is less for inbound mail than for outbound .
the only problem is it 's not large enough it only holds about i think they squeezed when Ryan struck out his five thousandth player they they squeezed about forty thousand people in there
In fact , the Lions of Delos were made from Naxos marble .
Ah , yes , actually , two weeks ago we had a very similar situation , the captain alertly added and quickly changed the subject , ` What 's important now is that you get ready for about 2 minutes in the state of weightlessness , and not some Slovakian satellite from two weeks ago .
Chapter 1 : His real name was Leonard Franklin Slye .
As Ben Yagoda writes in the New York Times Book Review , somewhere along the way , Kidder must have decided not to write a book about Tommy O'Connor .
He thought the biggest barrier was how to change the culture in the ED so that staff would ask screening questions .
Challenges to Restore Public Confidence in
they eat a lot of it you know you can take your vitamins and she was telling me to take zinc so anyway i 've been taking enough zinc you know to kill a horse probably i hope it does n't hurt me but anyway i did read one chapter of that
right oh they 've really done uh good job of keeping everybody informed of what 's going on sometimes i 've wondered if it was n't almost more than we needed to know
which they probably Mexican people do n't even know what a taco salad is but i think it 's now it 's moving up too because uh just a change you know just something different
As Jon looked at him , Barnam puffed out his chest .
The formation of a single statewide program was adopted to breathe life into a single program that will provide meaningful access to high quality legal services , in the pursuit of justice for as many low-income people throughout Colorado as possible .
The avenue on the left leads towards the pointed Divan Tower -LRB- Divan Kulesi -RRB- , at the foot of which lie the Council Chamber and the Grand Vezir 's Office .
Until the late '60s , the Senate was deferential to the -LRB- many fewer -RRB- presidential nominees .
Arsenic would put poor Emily out of the way just as well as strychnine .
On the Use of Qualitative Methods in Policy A Review of Three Multi-site Studies .
2466 , discusses the four collections , which include certification of a minimum number of installed and operating microwave links and the maintenance of a computer-readable database .
She 's smiling but her eyes are closed .
` For one thing , Mr. Franklin , you appear to be taking your...re-actualisation ... extremely well . '
Workers are also represented in civil rights and retaliation claims .
Paris and its immediate surroundings are a magnet for tourists , students , businessmen , artists , inventors ' in short , everyone except perhaps the farmer and fisherman , who may well come to the city to protest government policies .
Trays can be found in all sizes and those with a wooden stand make wonderful portable tables for the home .
California is high
Rep. Charles Rangel , D-N.Y. : I would say that if you had members of the KKK , that were not directly tied to the murder -- that they did not do the murder -- that 90 years -LSB- in jail -RSB- would be excessive .
Several security managers said that by participating in our study , they hoped to gain insights on how to improve their information security programs .
I must n't keep you .
These runs could cost far more than the value of the small improvement in service .
The 28 sta?tues representing the kings of Judah and Israel have been remodeled after the drawings of Viollet-le-Duc ; the original ones were pulled down during the Revolution , since they were thought to be the kings of France .
In Loco Parentis Returnus
The advent of the Bronze Age -LRB- about 3200 b.c. -RRB- , and the spread of city-states ruled by kings , is marked by the appearance of royal tombs containing bronze objects in such places as Troy in the west , and Alacah ?? y ?? k near Ankara .
These adaptations are not uniformly valued .
In the other sight he saw Adrin 's hands cocking back a pair of dragon-hammered pistols .
In fact , European nations need to do some serious fiscal housecleaning .
because uh i know people who eat tons of that kind of stuff and they 're just as healthy as can be
Another unit was added on to the communal dwelling each time a marriage created a new family .
To the west of the city at Hillend is Midlothian Ski Centre , the longest artificial ski slope in Europe .
i 'm kind of familiar with the weather out that way in west Texas but not in not in Lewisville
GAO secures all information obtained during the course of its work .
And if , as ultimately happened , no settlement resulted , we could shrug our shoulders , say , ` Hey , we tried , ' and act like unsuccessful brokers to an honorable peace .
Look here , I said , `` I may be altogether wrong .
yeah i know because uh all i know is that when i came here in eighty seven they still had uh it was the last year to to put all your punch cards in
It has served as a fortress for the Gallo-Romans , the Visigoths , Franks , and medieval French -LRB- you can see the layers of their masonry in the ramparts -RRB- .
In some cases , members initially participated because of an existing trust relationship with individual leaders or sponsors , and it was a challenge to keep them returning until they saw value in participating and had built trust with other members .
The arched gateway leads to a large swimming pool and the ruins of a Roman and Byzantine baths complex .
to do it before you know before it gets hot and one time last year i remember we were planning on doing that and it was eighty degrees even then
During his disastrous campaign in Russia , he found time in Moscow to draw up a new statute for the Com ?? die-Francaise -LRB- the national theater -RRB- , which had been dissolved during the Revolution .
The Cooper Building forms the heart of L.A. 's Garment District , which is located southeast of central Downtown on Los Angeles Street .
Clinton used a floor mop to clean up the dirt he had tracked onto the shiny floor of an elementary school .
On a scale of 0 -LRB- strongly disagree -RRB- to 7 -LRB- strongly agree -RRB- the statement alcoholics are difficult to treat received a mean score of 6.25 , and the statement alcoholism is a treat-able disease received a mean score of 5.27 .
actually i listened to one time i remember it 's this is back when rap even uh i would say about ten or fifteen years ago i
The cold air and the abundance of water gave them all good cheer that eve .
Four infinite minutes went by .
okay i 'll keep that in mind yeah you serve that yourself or the for a family
All were prominent nationally known organizations .
Medicare gross outlay projections based on intermediate assumptions of the 2001 HI and SMI Trustees ' reports .
His mother died when he was young , and he was adopted by the Brodkeys .
Like Arabs and Jews , Diamond warns , Koreans and Japanese are joined by blood yet locked in traditional enmity .
yeah yeah yeah well because that 's the way they they might seem outwardly but boy there 's a lots going on in there
More to the point , even as the major airlines have been reaping large profits over the last four years , their productivity has not risen at all , suggesting that consolidation is not improving efficiency .
Simmons , probably rap 's greatest entrepreneur , lives in New York ; schmoozes bankers , fashion designers , and record executives ; and cuts deals with conglomerates such as Time Warner .
But there 's plenty more .
and uh oh i guess an hour into my somewhat sleep a guy woke me up and uh said you 'd better get out of the the tent they 're they 're liable to come down several of the others had already come down blown down they had n't blown away but they had flattened
need the car the next day type deal so
so well i think we 've taken up at least five minutes
It 's all right .
As previously noted , we published new independence standards dealing with non-audit/consulting services when the AICPA failed to act .
It 's come back ? cried Julius excitedly .
Took forever .
We 're no nearer to finding Tuppence , and NEXT SUNDAY IS THE 29TH ! ''
He slowed .
Perched on a steep slope , high in the Galilean hills , Safed -LRB- known also as Tzfat , Tsfat , Sefat , and Zefat -RRB- is a delightful village-town of some 22,000 people .
Yes , you 've done very well , young man .
yes i 've had a German Shepherd that did that one time
What a lot of bottles ! I exclaimed , as my eye travelled round the small room .
This site provides information links , tools , and resources developed for the benefit of the audit profession , including audit programs , best practices , and research services .
He needs to keep his finger on the pulse to succeed during the short tourist season .
yeah i 've always threatened to take lessons but i 've never gotten around to it
It 's a great novelty , but very expensive .
Punditus Interruptus , The Final
His authoritarian rule has prevented the emergence of future leaders and the development of strong civic and political institutions .
In the Blue Mountain National Park and the John Crow National Park , which together cover 78,200 hectares -LRB- 193 , 200 acres -RRB- , conservationists are attempting to halt the encroachment of local farmers and loggers .
The two programs are currently housed in buildings about a block apart .
A small page-boy was waiting outside her own door when she returned to it .
But of course , that 's just another way of saying that liberal democracy -- a value Huntington surely ranks above the alternatives morally -- may never fit some peoples as naturally as it fits us .
There were maybe three hundred people present .
The Saver-Spender Theory of Fiscal Policy , Working Paper 7571 .
well um i uh exercise regularly i work at a university and i swim almost everyday
And frankly , the number seems a tad low to me .
To be sure , not all auctions are rip-offs .
yeah okay you go ahead
I put it to you that you did do so ?
i ca n't do any jumping up and down because it makes it hurt
okay movies i 've i have n't seen too many lately i have kids and we went and saw The Rescuers Down Under over the the break do do you have kids you take to movies or
At the delta of the Rh ?? ne , where its two arms spill into the Medi?ter?ra?nean , the Camargue has been reclaimed from the sea to form a national nature reserve .
That first glimpse of the towering , steepled abbey rising from the sea on its rock is a moment you will not forget .
With the gap still of landslide proportions in most polls , Dole has been written off , correctly or otherwise , by the pundits .
So many seemingly contrary and opposing factors combine to make it unique .
Visigoths sack Rome
That first glimpse of the towering , steepled abbey rising from the sea on its rock is a moment you will not forget .
The disorder hardly seemed to exist before the stimulant Ritalin came along .
and not only that it it opens you to phone solicitations
Using teams can also assist in integrating different perspectives , flattening organizational structure , and streamlining operations .
Then he turned to Tommy .
The seven grants flow from a new Nonprofit Capacity Building program at the foundation , part of a trend among philanthropists to give money to help organizations grow stronger , rather than to the program services they provide .
Jon shifted and the sword tip slid past .
It has served as a fortress for the Gallo-Romans , the Visigoths , Franks , and medieval French -LRB- you can see the layers of their masonry in the ramparts -RRB- .
These latter vast regions of forests , rivers , and mountains border the Indonesian state of Kalimantan and the oil-rich sultanate of Brunei .
Bars with views and live music include Sky Lounge in the Sheraton Hotel and Towers , Tsim Sha Tsui ; and Cyrano in the Island Shangri-La in Pacific Place .
Piccadilly Tube station .
The narthex , or entrance hall to the nave , is crowned by a magnificent sculpted tympanum of Jesus enthroned after the Resurrection , preaching his message to the Apostles .
So have I for that matter , but I flatter myself that my choice of dishes was more judicious than yours .
Very few emperors were reluctant to submit to Fujiwara domination .
Sun Ra 's spaceships did not come , as it were , out of nowhere .
Clearly , the press has done a lousy job with its focus on behavior such as infidelity or drug use that most people do n't care about .
Now then , Miss Tuppence , said Sir James , `` you know this place better than I do .
yeah but uh do you have small kids
Economic growth also depends on education to enhance the knowledge and skills of the nation 's work
It was here in 1952 that King Farouk signed his abdication before boarding his yacht for exile in Italy .
The statue was beheaded several years ago by islanders , who blame Josephine for her role in the slavery in Martinique .
Yet , in the mouths of the white townsfolk of Salisbury , N.C. , it sounds convincing .
what does um is Robby Robin Williams does he have a funny part in the movie or is
Madam Regent attended church and the mission schools -LRB- which you can still visit in Honolulu -RRB- and burned images of the old Hawaiian gods , while Kamehameha II entertained lavishly in the company of his wives .
NOx can be transported long distances and contribute to ozone many hundreds of miles from its source .
Control activities occur at all levels and functions of the entity .
The day my deadline came , I got a business card .
The tomb guardian will unlock the gate to the tunnel and give you a candle to explore the small circular catacomb , but for what little you can see , it is hardly worth the effort .
When we encounter the young woman again , she has taken a job as the live-in domestic at a huge and crumbling Roman townhouse belonging to an English loner named Jason Kinsky -LRB- David Thewlis -RRB- .
South Along the Caribbean
The National Association of State Information Resource Executives -LRB- NASIRE -RRB- represents state chief information officers -LRB- CIO -RRB- and information resource executives who share a mission to shape national information technology policy through collaborative partnerships , information sharing , and knowledge transfer .
where they they brew their own beer there
No , Dave Hanson , you were too important to us for that .
With the gap still of landslide proportions in most polls , Dole has been written off , correctly or otherwise , by the pundits .
Allow time in Thirasia to explore Santorini 's smaller sibling islands .
I thought working on Liddy 's campaign would be better than working on Bob 's .
Vaikuntaperumal is a Vishnu temple of the same period , famous for its elevated colonnade of lively sculpted reliefs showing the many exploits of the Pallava kings .
Republican consultants agree that conservative candidates in the South , Southwest , Midwest , and Rocky Mountains will beg for Reed 's talents and connections .
But to you , who know the truth , I propose to read certain passages which will throw some light on the extraordinary mentality of this great man . '' He opened the book , and turned the thin pages .
The spot does leave the viewer wondering about the rest of the story , and what tale the condom could tell .
they do n't i do n't i do n't work at TI
I 'd noticed him more than once and I 'd figured it out in my own mind that he was afraid of somebody or something .
yeah i think they get bogged down in a lot of small issues that people you know special interest groups can blow up
Also in Eustace Street is an information office and a cultural center for children , The Ark .
After the death of Columbus in 1505 , Jamaica became the property of his son Diego , who dispatched Don Juan de Esquivel to the island as Governor .
The movie is n't clear on where the secret report that kicked off Bergman 's interest in tobacco came from , or who in the FDA thought it was a good idea to turn him onto Wigand .
As the road climbs toward the entrance , you 'll pass fields full of Santorini 's famed tomatoes growing on the steep slopes .
On my honour , I will hang him as high as Haman ! ''
Do you know how long we 've been here ? he asked one morning as they sat facing each other at breakfast .
It lacked intelligence , introspection , and humor -- it was crass , worthy of Cosmopolitan or Star . I do have a sense of humor , but can only appreciate a joke when it starts with a grain of truth .
In Loco Parentis Returnus
The Aegean has a short , wet spring when walking , hiking , and mountain biking are extremely enjoyable activities , because the weather is pleasant but not too hot .
Several of the individuals and organizations that we contacted also suggested that agencies move to a more consistent organization , content , and presentation of information to allow for a more common look and feel to agencies ' ITbased public participation mechanisms in rulemaking .
Madam Regent attended church and the mission schools -LRB- which you can still visit in Honolulu -RRB- and burned images of the old Hawaiian gods , while Kamehameha II entertained lavishly in the company of his wives .
that does n't seem fair does it
The good news , however , can be found in reports like this one .
yeah well i was surprised at the the way they drafted last year they did n't really did n't go for the uh big offensive lineman or the defensive lineman they 're going for the skilled positions so quarterbacks they really
I will some day , if you ask me , she promised him , smiling .
McCalpinMaria Luisa Mercado Nancy H. Rogers Thomas F. Smegal , Jr. .
for the direct sunlight and stuff right but uh but i i have n't really found it too bad we 've lived in our house about uh oh thirteen years i suppose and and really really only painted once and you know it was new when we bought it and we painted one time since then but you know it 's probably going to be time to paint again in a couple of years
My bottom line is that I would recommend the book to students and colleagues and I hope it does well , despite its anti-intellectual p.c.
When the next modernist revolution comes around , he 'll be ready .
um-hum what is your worst then
Bars with views and live music include Sky Lounge in the Sheraton Hotel and Towers , Tsim Sha Tsui ; and Cyrano in the Island Shangri-La in Pacific Place .
The CEO and CFO 's vision was to make Pfizer the preeminent corporate finance organization in the industry .
She leaned back in her chair .
More reserved and remote but a better administrator and financier than his uncle , Charles Brooke imposed on his men his own austere , efficient style of life .
for a change i i got i get sick of winter just looking everything so dead i hate that
No one was there , no bones at all .
Possibly no other country has had such a turbulent history .
And it was exactly on such a day , as this carefully selected Wednesday -LRB- which blushed from this distinction -RRB- , that the mini-anti-aggressor was going to make the biggest of impressions .
All these sites will automatically lead into George Dubbawya 's Web site -LRB- www.georgewbush.com -RRB- .
Earlier this week , the Pakistani paper Dawn ran an editorial about reports that Pakistani poppy growers are planning to recultivate opium on a bigger scale because they have n't received promised compensation for switching to other crops .
yeah and the music and uh well it had an excellent story line Everything about it was good
She was taken to the infirmary , and on recovering consciousness gave her name as Jane Finn .
Impossible .
Jerusalem was divided into east and west , under the control of Jordan and Israel respectively .
There is simply no historical precedent for a large empire calling it quits because it could not compete economically or technologically .
The analyses utilized different assumptions and generally resulted in smaller expenditure impact estimates than noted above .
In the depths of the Cold War , many Americans suspected Communists had infiltrated Washington and were about to subvert our democracy .
Second tier , but nearly as promising , are Morales of Texas , Scott Harshbarger of Massachusetts , and Dennis Vacco of New York .
From there , take the road that heads back to the coast and Es Pujols , Formentera 's premier resort village .
Even analysts who had argued for loosening the old standards , by which the market was clearly overvalued , now think it has maxed out for a while .
The emotional effect is undiminished , and the gory effects are usually horribly creative .
Treasure Beach -LRB- South Coast -RRB-
Tommy was suddenly galvanized into life .
TEST ORGANISMS
We briefly discussed the Nazi angle
At Kansas City Power and Light 's Hawthorn Power Station , Unit 5 was replaced -LRB- excluding turbine -RRB- in under 22 months .
Aswan became a backwater following the decline of the Egyptian Empire , far removed from power bases at Alexandria and Cairo .
to see this kind of thing and you know if you can do any any little bit it helps so
because like Tech is known to be a good engineering school and A and M maybe is known more for computers
-LSB- I -RSB- n You 're the Top Porter does not capitalize on the text 's potential for realism .
Two clues in the Pennsylvania 1 -RRB- The boy had said , I 'm going to go to the dinner dance and kill some people .
What are you going to do about it ? '' Tuppence frowned severely .
Well aware of the island 's burgeoning wealth and repository of supplies , the French pirate Bertrand de Montluc sailed into Funchal harbor with his 11-galleon armada and 1,300 men .
The next year , he built himself a palace , Iolani , which can still be toured in Honolulu .
and see if Kansas if Kansas yeah but then you know it could be what if they 're not hitting that night or they 're low or anything and see i i feel like the college you know it 's kids it 's still kids
3 -RRB- The gap between the productivity of women and the productivity of men .
Along with the latest technology , the prime minister 's office has a superb Bossi marble fireplace , as well as a fine display of art and crafts .
Technological advances generally come in waves that crest and eventually subside .
okay okay that 's it that GTE had purchased Tigon and yeah that 's what we have
Working groups were established to coordinate training statewide , to focus on the establishment of a statewide website and to continue coordination and sharing in technology matters .
kind of like for the same reasons as you i just the care that goes into them and you know if i you know decide to take off for a week or so
A sidebar notes that controversy remains over the Mars meteorite that crashed into Antarctica about 11,000 years While scientists have demolished most of the evidence that the meteorite contained living creatures , they can not explain why the meteorite contains a molecule that on Earth is only produced by biological processes .
than the passage of time , the rate of inflation , or geographic location , as so often is the case today .
This is a powerful and evocative museum .
In the other bracket , the Broncos beat the New York Jets .
If all else failed , I could always make myself an exhibit .
i think the rate of processing is just about uh reached the rate of housing anyway so keep the keep the normal as it is ca n't upset the system very much
In other words , the paper exhibited the all-too-typical journalistic tic of exposing potential conflicts of interest involving politicians while ignoring those involving journalists .
Marriage is an important institution .
Today the strait is busy with commercial shipping , ferries , and fishing boats , and its wooded shores are lined with pretty fishing villages , old Ottoman mansions , and the villas of Istanbul 's wealthier citizens .
Come on , let 's have tea .
facilitate suits for benefits by using the State and Federal courts and the independent bar on which those courts depend for the proper performance of their duties and responsibilities .
yeah i think i 'll probably just have to go with one of those splint braces or something
um-hum yeah when when i mentioned i 've done this camping out of the car i 've actually done of the situation just like that but what 's interesting is it 's through Texas Instruments
On Naxos , you can walk through the pretty villages of the Tragea Valley and the foothills of Mount Zas , admiring Byzantine churches and exploring olive groves at your leisure .
i was trying to think about some of my favorite people that i liked in music and they 're none of them are recent right
Horwitz makes us see that the pinched circumstances of their lives are not so different from the conditions of their ancestors , dirt-poor yeoman farmers who seldom saw , much less owned , a slave .
Tommy realized perfectly that in his own wits lay the only chance of escape , and behind his casual manner he was racking his brains furiously .
oh that sounds interesting too
San ` doro did n't make it sound hypothetical , thought Jon .
The Leland Act -LRB- 1 -RRB- simplify the household definition
They drive it around the country in a dilapidated ice-cream truck trying to keep it cool .
You 're all right now .
These traditional low-drafted craft ply effortlessly and quietly through the water guided by their experienced pilots .
A conventional siege was useless against such a seemingly impregnable rock , however , and with so much food and water the Zealots could not be starved into submission .
As the Tokugawa shoguns had feared , this opening of the floodgates of Western culture after such prolonged isolation had a traumatic effect on Japanese society .
Porches and stoops , those symbols of a vibrant social life , stopped being used as gathering places for a rather practical reason -- air conditioning .
i tell you what i would not i would not buy a car that had the seat belt where it was hooked under the door
There were beads of perspiration on his brow .
However , co-requesters can not approve additional co-requesters or restrict the timing of the release of the product after it is issued .
Perched on a steep slope , high in the Galilean hills , Safed -LRB- known also as Tzfat , Tsfat , Sefat , and Zefat -RRB- is a delightful village-town of some 22,000 people .
That could n't happen in a sane world , either .
Attractively colorful ukiyo-e woodblock prints and scroll paintings can be found in antique stores , second-hand bookstores , and even temple markets .
The Romans never really infiltrated Ibiza , and even after the defeat of Hannibal in 202 b.c. during the Second Punic War their influence was restrained .
Part of the original design , they were destroyed by Emperor Aurangzeb , who refused images susceptible to idolatry .
just look what we did to Iraq
It describes six applications of case study methods , including the purposes and pitfalls of each , and explains similarities and differences among the six .
Both initial and supplemental proposed rule publications invited comments on the information collection requirements imposed by the rule .
they 'll they 'll say yeah why did n't you buy why did n't you try something more mainline
GAO 's recommendations are intended to improve the economy , efficiency , and effectiveness of an agency 's operations and to improve the accountability of the federal government for the benefit of the American people .
Tabulations of actual meetings and of consequent actions for same-agency funded and different-agency funded services can help check out whether this impression is reliable .
Look here , you 've no business to come asking for me in this way .
In the Blue Mountain National Park and the John Crow National Park , which together cover 78,200 hectares -LRB- 193 , 200 acres -RRB- , conservationists are attempting to halt the encroachment of local farmers and loggers .
The Ile Saint-Louis is an enchanted self-contained island of gracious living , long popular with the more affluent gentry and celebrities of Paris .
GAO 's Web site -LRB- www.gao.gov -RRB- contains abstracts and full-text files ofcurrent reports and testimony and an expanding archive of older products .
It focuses on desktop , client/server , and enterprisewide computing .
The woman rolled and drew two spears before the horse had rolled and broken the rest .
Were you in company with anyone ?
Such a knowledgebased process enables decision makers to be reasonably certain about critical facets of the product under development when they need this knowledge .
and i 'll go there for you know two months straight we wo n't go anyplace else
uh somewhat they 're not my favorite team i am uh somewhat familiar with them
The chain swung again , hitting her arm and sending the palm knife into the crowd .
Endorphins were flowing .
but i do n't know you know maybe you could do that for a certain period of time but i mean how long does that kind of a thing take you know to to um say to question the person or to get into their head
but West Texas now was a hundred and ten and i did n't mind that at all you know because it was so dry
I found Steven E. Landsburg 's piece Pay Scales in Black and White extremely unconvincing .
Almost directly overhead , there was a rent place where the strange absence of color or feature indicated a hole in the dome over them .
The Drawing Room was partially destroyed by fire in 1941 , and its furnishings are faithful reproductions ; the huge -LRB- repaired -RRB- Ming punch bowl is striking .
Total electricity expenditures increase by about 15 % to 30 % depending on the year and the scenario -LRB- see Table 3 , below , and the tables in Appendix 5.2 for more detail on the changing pattern of expenditures -RRB- .
No , I exclaimed , astonished .
Then you 're ready for the fray , either in the bustling great bazaars such as Delhi 's Chandni Chowk or Mumbai 's Bhuleshwar , or the more sedate ambience of grander shops and showrooms .
to uh working a steady eight hour job as it were i had been working for a camp and had relatively real long hours sixteen years old and could handle getting up at five and not getting to bed until ten or eleven and
The park on the hill of Monte makes a good playground , while the ride down in a wicker toboggan is straight out of an Old World theme park -LRB- though surely tame for older kids -RRB- .
And he claimed she earned $ 11,000 a month - or $ 132,000 a year - from a home quilting business she had owned for 22 years .
Or else it was administered in the brandy you gave her .
and uh uh so i 've i 've just been real pleased and my step father happens to work at a Ford dealership and that makes things a little easier come car time but
The main gate of the churchyard leads out to Greyfriars Place , and across the street you will find an excellent view of one of Scotland 's newest museums .
It also describes the results of the scenario analysis , both in terms of the various marginal costs associated with emission control strategies and the economy-wide impact of each scenario .
Jon was fighting at full speed , sweat forming on his brow .
At eight in the morning .
They proclaimed Japan 's mission to bring progress to its backward Asian neighbors in language not so very different from that of the Europeans in Africa or the US in Latin America .
Do you want to see historic sights and tour museums and art galleries ?
The Drawing Room was partially destroyed by fire in 1941 , and its furnishings are faithful reproductions ; the huge -LRB- repaired -RRB- Ming punch bowl is striking .
All of our many earnest experiments produced results in line with random chance , they conclude .
A 1997 Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation survey found that Americans in managed care plans are basically content with their own care .
The same year , the University of Hawaii campus at Manoa became the site of the Center for Cultural and Technical Interchange Between East and West -LRB- popularly known as the East West Center -RRB- , a unique and venerated resource for advanced Pacific Rim studies .
million in savings this year .
oh hum well uh i have n't for some reason have never really gotten enthused about football in the summer from from the the World League
The AMS system also allows users to search the full text of the public comments , identifies form letter comments and ex parte communications ,8 and provides a list of related government web sites-features that are currently not available in the DOT docket management system .
Relationship Between Quality of Life Instruments , Health State Utilities , and Willingness to Pay in Patients with Asthma .
8 A stoichiometry of 1.03 is typical when the FGD process is producing gypsum by-product , while a stoichiometry of 1.05 is needed to produce waste suitable for a landfill .
Also , why Princess Di was like President The public cared more about her empathy than about her actions .
Julius Caesar 's nephew Octavian took the name Augustus ; Rome ceased to be a republic , and became an empire .
The word itself , tapa , is translated as lid and derives from the old custom of offering a bite of food along with a drink , the food being served on a saucer sitting on top of the glass like a lid .
The CEO and CFO 's vision was to make Pfizer the preeminent corporate finance organization in the industry .
5 The share of gross national saving used to replace depreciated capital has increased over the past 40 years .
as long as you got congressmen and senators that are getting kickbacks kickbacks from these different companies that are getting awarded for the defense contracts that 's never going to happen
do you think most states have that or
My article does not say or imply that real earnings growth only reflects retentions and that dividend growth must be zero or that all valuation techniques are out the window for firms that do n't pay dividends .
yeah they were my favorite team for a while
83 At that point , Poirot nudged me gently , indicating two men who were sitting together near the door .
Then he ran .
1 -RRB- Increased federal enforcement . Before Hoover 's death , the FBI did not aggressively investigate the Mafia .
To some critics , the mystery is n't , as Harris suggests , how women throughout history have exploited their sexual power over men , but how pimps like him have come away with the profit .
These adaptations are not uniformly valued .
A sufficiently clever system of taxes and subsidies can induce people to make accurate reports of their own emotional distress .
In the market proper , spices and grain are piled up in multi-colored mountains ; merchants chant as they measure out separate lots of five kilos three , three , three , four , four , four , and five , five , five .
Hold hard , said Tommy .
said San ` doro .
The tip was hooked towards the edge , the same way the tips are hammered for knives used for slaughter .
Lavishly furnished and decorated , with much original period furniture , the rooms are used for ceremonial events , visits from foreign dignitaries , and EU meetings .
Critics praise Goodman 's finely honed descriptive abilities and instinctive grasp of familial dynamics , the ways in which dreams and emotional habits are handed down ...
The newspaper publishes just one letter a week from a reader , always with an editorial riposte at the bottom .
but i think let 's see the teams that were there last year were see somebody from California i do n't even know who won the pennant last year
However , SCR installations designed to comply with the NOX SIP Call are generally already into the installation process or , at a minimum , into the engineering phase of the project .
and the like a guy does it and he has his own pigs
World demand increased with the growth of the motor-car and electrical industries , and sky-rocketed during World War I. By 1920 , Malaya was producing 53 percent of the world 's rubber , which had overtaken tin as its main source of income .
The castle itself comprises an early 17th-century tower house , restored with Irish oak from the park which is held together without a single nail .
` So I assume he hacked into the autopilot and reprogrammed it to - '
Then Shuman claims that Linux provides no graphical user interface .
The universal credibility problem with polling is that wordsmithing and mathematics do n't mix , and never will .
Unsurprisingly , golfing is prohibitively expensive .
i 've even heard of some people being sexually abused
Sculpture and stone carving are perfectly modified to the harmonies of the design ; the four columns at the corners are hollow to carry water off the roof , and the urns on roof are disguised chimneys .
you do n't think it 's a deterrent
You did , did n't you ? ''
If you missed the two top stories in yesterday 's USAT -- the government 's first post-deregulation attempt to preserve competitiveness among airlines and the emergence of a drug that can prevent breast cancer -- they are on the NYT 's front today .
Gore has been Clinton 's lackey for more than six years .
the net cost of operations .
The rustic Bras-David picnic area , for example , is set alongside a burbling stream .
Specifically , suppose unconstrained competition were allowed but the Postal Service turned out to have sufficient market power in some product areas to allow other products to be priced at or near the level of incremental cost .
We 're no nearer to finding Tuppence , and NEXT SUNDAY IS THE 29TH ! ''
i mean i 'm i 'm sort of strange in a way i 'm i 'm about twenty pounds overweight and i smoke but my blood pressure is about my last reading was just the other day it was one hundred two over seventy nine
He felt the off-hand dagger 's weight in the small of his back .
i think that 's great there 's a few places in Houston where they 're trying that out i do n't know if it 's the if they 've done it citywide yet or not where they have the color coded uh bags and uh bins
It is one of those rare cases in which I can please everyone .
Opium-smoking continued openly in Hong Kong until 1946 ; in mainland China the Communist government abolished it when they came to power in 1949 .
It was planned in the 1820s as a symbol of Scottish national pride and designed as a mini-Parthenon , in deference to the neoclassical style popular at the time .
The main funding source for Maryland 's legal services to the poor has fallen on hard times , and advocates are preparing to seek unprecedented state financial help - even as they keep an eye on a legal challenge that threatens to cut off a main source of funding for such services nationwide .
so well i think we 've taken up at least five minutes
The Tunnel of Eupalinos can be explored but it 's not for the claustrophobic .
Also , the Holy Family are said to have sheltered here on their return from Egypt .
It can entail prospective and retrospective designs and it permits synthesis of many individual case studies undertaken at different times and in different sites .
The equipment you need for windsurfing can be hired from the beaches at Tel Aviv -LRB- marina -RRB- , Netanya , Haifa -LRB- at Bat Galim beach -RRB- , Tiberias , and Eilat .
But overinterpretation or even misinterpretation are not the same as bias .
After the execution of Guru Tegh Bahadur , his son , Guru Gobind Singh , exalted the faithful to be ever ready for armed defense .
And Alan Tonelson , of the U.S.
upwards of a mile but Washington is one of my favorite places to visit uh my daughter lives in Arlington and when i go to visit her i love to get out on that bike trail and either ride the bike oh gosh you can ride a bike practically all the way to southern Virginia
allow the efficiencies of a low-cost mailstream to be available to all who can use them .
The tree-lined avenue extends less than three blocks to the sea .
Growth & amp
Among the disadvantages are that the degree of innovation and product differentiation might continue to be limited .
I smiled vaguely .
Medicare gross outlay projections based on intermediate assumptions of the 2001 HI and SMI Trustees ' reports .
We briefly discussed the Nazi angle
Four infinite minutes went by .
They are the four sentences you always insert in plagiarized papers to throw the professor off track .
As the double-decker boats get ready to leave the pier , bells ring , the gangplank is raised , deckhands in blue sailor suits man the hawsers , and a couple of hundred commuters begin a seven-minute sightseeing tour .
The twenty mastic villages known collectively as mastihohoria were built by the Genoese in the 14 15th centuries .
yeah plus uh you know look at the you know the besides the pollution the the aspect of invasion of privacy there 's a big pollution aspect too i find i throw out a lot of those flyers and i have no interest in
On various episodes he is a member , along with Bluebeard and the Grim Reaper , of the Jury of the Damned ; he takes part in a snake-bludgeoning -LRB- in a scandal exposed by a Bob Woodward book -RRB- ; his enemies list is used for dastardly purposes ; even his dog Checkers is said to be bound for hell .
When the two nations divided it up , France got 54 sq km -LRB- 21 sq miles -RRB- and Holland agreed to take just 41 sq km -LRB- 16 sq miles -RRB- , but that included the important salt pond near the Dutch capital of Philipsburg .
Many Greeks in Asia Minor were forced to leave their homes and brought an influence of eastern cadences with them .
Good Oklahoma now has a Public Guardianship Program , albeit unfunded , that will supply lawyers to perform this rights-monitoring process
Table 4.1 : Selected Federal Income Tax Provisions That Influence Personal Saving
Several of the individuals and organizations that we contacted also suggested that agencies move to a more consistent organization , content , and presentation of information to allow for a more common look and feel to agencies ' ITbased public participation mechanisms in rulemaking .
uh-huh so do you have to get a shade tolerant grass is that what you ` re
The man looked at the girl .
The author began with a set of hunches or hypotheses about what can go wrong in agency management , and what would be evidence supporting-or contradicting-these hypotheses .
Those Creole men and women you 'll see dancing it properly have been moving their hips and knees that way since childhood .
It has a full program of events , including lectures .
if the United States had used full conventional power .
they do n't allow they do n't do that
um yeah we 've tried to do that we 've paid ours off you know all the way down to where we had everything down to zero and especially right before i i quit work two years ago to stay home with the kids
In addition , special service areas are funded for two populations with special needs - Native Americans and migrant workers .
Court officials include the phone numbers of the local Legal Services office and county lawyer referral system on every summons .
There 214 was some talk of sending me to a specialist in Paris .
yeah well that 's my uh i mean every time i 've tried to go you know it 's always there 's there 's always a league bowling
It is the official solution , Liq .
Las Vegas now seems poised to accept the multiple layers of its existence as a tourist city .
and they have a bar also which is always crowded as can be but it 's it 's an specially fine restaurant and when you consider they take no plastic or checks
uh-huh yeah yeah they 're good
There is nothing more to be done here , I think , unless , he stared earnestly and long at the dead ashes in the grate .
Improvements in architecture , regaining intimate space and scale and all the rest , wo n't disguise the ugliness of advertising the local bank , Chevy dealer , and chain retailer as a backdrop for baseball .
Do n't take it to heart , lad , he said kindly .
hey it 's reaching all over
It spoils the sport .
It incorporates a risk assessment methodology intended to reduce audit planning time and ensure that significant issues are included .
is n't it i can remember i 've only been here eight years but i can remember coming to work from i used to live in Wylie and i could see downtown Dallas
yeah i try to no i uh uh try not to use any insecticides at all i try not to even use insecticides on my lawn but i sometimes i ca n't manage
yeah i have too and i found it real interesting but
For a review of the literature , see William G. Gale and John Sabelhaus , Perspectives on the Household Saving Rate , Brookings Papers on Economic Activity -LRB- 1:1999 -RRB- , pp. 181-224 .
It was deserved .
He writes that it 's the first time he 's added such a track .
Despite huge projected increases in food production , per capita food consumption in South Asia , the Middle East , and the less-developed nations of Africa will scarcely improve or will actually decline below present inadequate levels .
Classic Castilian restaurant .
It was going to be a hot day .
and going to school is also always very prohibitive now unless your parents are wealthy
And then I was off , the world exploding behind me .
Many had to leave their birthplaces , fleeing to Lesvos , Chios , and Samos , the Greek-ruled islands just offshore .
Just east of the Star Ferry terminal , you 'll come to CityHall .
In the stock market , however , the damage can get much worse .
Paper goods .
The FDA solicited comments on these requirements in the notice of proposed rulemaking and has evaluated and responded to them in the preamble to the final rule .
The analyses comply with the informational requirements of the sections including the classes of small entities subject to the rule and alternatives considered to reduce the burden on the small entities .
Unfortunately , the magnet schools began the undoing of desegregation in Charlotte .
um-hum um-hum um-hum yeah yeah it is i do n't know i think it 's a very interesting um discussion you know and and there 's certainly uh lots of pros and cons around it
That seems to make up for how he feels about what you did to the Voth .
Under Deng Xiaoping , Beijing actively sought to cultivate a good bilateral relationship .
that does n't seem fair does it
Normally , these discussions are kept secret .
i do n't know um-hum
To the west of the city at Hillend is Midlothian Ski Centre , the longest artificial ski slope in Europe .
-LRB- The employee was later rehired , and Bob denies the charge . -RRB-
The third row of Exhibit 17 shows the Krewski , et al. .
If ancient writings give only a romanticized view , they do offer a more precise picture of Indo-Aryan society .
The contrast between the landscape of the central highlands and the south coast could not be more marked .
Act Accounting the Great Management Reform Act
A succession of discoveries has taught us about archeabacteria , very ancient and primitive single-cell organisms that live in the places you 'd least expect anything to call home .
i also use my PC to emulate a mainframe terminal for our IBM mainframe and also to emulate a deck terminal for our deck machine
The average length of a rural route is 55 miles .
saving that did not finance domestic investment would increase net foreign investment and improve the current account balance .
In this enclosed but airy building , you 'll find ladies with large machetes expertly chopping off hunks of kingfish , tuna , or shark for eager buyers .
Alternatively , there are Sousa and Goncalves -LRB- Rua do Castanheiro , 47 -RRB- and Unibasket -LRB- Rua do Carmo , 42 ; Tel. 291/226 925 -RRB- , both in Funchal .
I am glad she was n't , said Jon .
Conspiracy theorists MasterCard is investing in a chip that can store electronic cash , your medical history , and keys to your home and office .
Bolts of blue and tips of steal .
how do you like it well
Down the street from the statue is the Bank of Ireland , built in 1729 to house the Irish parliament .
After several years of private practice from 1982-90 , he became the judge of Decatur County Court for a year .
For example , service coordination is a popular remedy for limited funds .
The herds give a sense of proportion to the vast openness , just as the scattered farmhouses and characteristic drystone walls add reassuring warmth to even the loneliest valley .
a good team but they 're an underdog that 's why i like them is the Philadelphia Eagles
The FCC has created two tiers of small business for this service with the approval of the SBA .
Still Bork waited , staring upwards .
On the days I go to my office , I wear a flannel shirt with no necktie if the weather is cool .
well uh normally i like to to go out fishing in a boat and uh rather than like bank fishing and just like you try and catch anything that 's swimming because i 've had such problems of trying to catch any type of fish that uh i just really enjoy doing the boat type fishing
yeah well that 's my uh i mean every time i 've tried to go you know it 's always there 's there 's always a league bowling
because uh i know people who eat tons of that kind of stuff and they 're just as healthy as can be
The media focused on Liggett 's admissions of the obvious -- that cigarettes are addictive and cause cancer and heart disease -- and its agreement to pay the states a quarter of its -LRB- relatively small -RRB- pretax profits for the next 25 years .
How did you get it ? '' A chair was overturned .
In both Britain and America , the term covers nearly everybody .
well camping is one thing that i i could never get used to uh i i used to take the kids to go fishing and things like that but i never went uh never went camping
She People are rarely indifferent to the magazines I 've put out .
Drinks are available and expensive .
In a six-year study , scientists fed dogs and other animals irradiated chicken and found no evidence of increased cancer or other toxic effects .
In addition , Dublin Tourism has devised and signposted three self-guided walking tours of the city , which you can follow using the booklets provided .
He threw one of them and shot the other .
Despite all the hoopla over a pro-choice advocate 's confession that he had lied about the circumstances under which the procedure is generally used , only five lawmakers switched their votes from no to yes .
A stable funding level not only supports GAO 's strong return on investment of $ 57 for every $ 1 spent , it creates the environment necessary to recruit , retain , compensate , train and motivate a strong and capable workforce .
Even if you 're the kind of traveler who likes to improvise and be adventurous , do n't turn your nose up at the tourist offices .
Grantees statistically sample the cases closed in the previous year to determine if the sampled cases generally meet the requirements for reporting cases to LSC .
I am so constituted as to be unable to give away money with any satisfaction until I have made the most careful inquiry as to the worthiness of the cause .
Reportedly the biggest payment made in such a case , it is hardly a nick in Texaco 's annual revenue of more than $ 30 billion .
In addition , because funding is secured on an
uh somewhat they 're not my favorite team i am uh somewhat familiar with them
Comparing our experience on the Acid Rain Program with the NOx SIP Call and the Section 126 petitions demonstrates the benefit of having certain key issues decided by Congress rather than left to Agency rulemakings .
A lot of people rely on their local government for protection .
One wag , J. , wrote in to ask , Is there a difference between pests and airlines ?
In Texas , the legislature was instrumental in effecting changes to the state 's benefit programs through provisions in several pieces of legislation .
yeah although i do worry that how easy this one was might be a bad lesson uh to the to the younger people um you know than there is the other generation
This is an excerpt from the voice-over credo read in the opening credits for the new UPN series Star Pitiful Helpless Giant , starring former Secretary of State George Shultz .
Long ago -- or away , or whatever -- there was a world called Thar ?? and another called Erath .
The more popular offerings include kuru fasulye -LRB- haricot beans in tomato sauce -RRB- , patlecan kizartmas -LRB- aubergine fried in olive oil and garlic -RRB- , and a range of salads .
You name it L.A. 's got it .
you can get a hard copy of it and that 's about it
This makes it incumbent on the government to create incentives to recruit new employees and retain older employees .
But , when I discovered that it was known all over the village that it was John who was attracted by the farmer 's pretty wife , his silence bore quite a different interpretation .
uh uh yeah that well um the older you get the more convenience you try to bring with you i guess so i 'm up to dragging the trailer around which is my next step is going to be probably Winnebago i hope if i only can afford one but that
i mean that 's a real attractive option if you have the the technology for it all it was was you know i mean she just used a phone modem and she was like she was sitting in the office
in well i think i think my long-term sense of of budget concerns is that we 're going is a lot of others government 's spending goes on goes towards this uh health care and things like that and a lot of causes of poor health or need for health care are brought about by various factors such as such as pollution stress you know work work environment conditions and so forth but generally the government is
so i how do you feel that it should be applied
right that 's that 's supposedly
I noticed that there was a long branch running out from the tree in the right direction .
9th circa b.c.First signs of pre-Roman Etruscans
If she did n't like her restaurant so much , the woman 'd be high-up in Applied by now .
Nonetheless , the rationality of service tiers remains .
... I saw that I must lead two lives .
This number represents the most reliable , albeit conservative , estimate of cases closed in 1999 by LSC grantees .
yes they would they just would n't be able to own the kind of automobiles that they think they deserve to own or the kind of homes that we think we deserve to own we might have to you know just be able to i think if we a generation went without debt then the next generation like if if our our generation my husband and i we 're twenty eight if we lived our lives and did n't become you know indebted like you know our generation before us that um the budget would balance and that we became accustomed to living with what we could afford which we would n't be destitute i mean we would n't be living on the street by any means but just compared to how spoiled we are we would be in our own minds but i feel like the generation after us would oh man it it would be so good it would be so much better it would n't be perfect but then they could learn to live with what what they could afford to save to buy and if you want a nicer car than that well you save a little longer
Improved products and services Initiate actions and manage risks to develop new products and services within or outside the organization .
He could make quite an issue out of the need to determine the characteristic impedance of their sky .
but there 's no uh inscriptions or or dates or anything else
Recommendations
uh-huh oh yeah i had n't heard that one let 's see i ca n't oh gosh that that probably wipes out my whole inventory of TV shows other than um PBS i
The association 's mission is to reduce the incidence of fraud and white-collar crime through prevention and education .
The Commission 's analysis uses both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities .
Pro-choicers point out that these close-up images literally cut the fetus 's context -- the woman -- out of the picture .
oh yes yeah yeah yeah that 's true too that 's true
In short , this is a whole new costing area that would need to be undertaken .
Small boats tie up here with batches of crayfish , fresh fish , and eel , and housewives clamor for the fishermen to weigh their choices on rudimentary scales .
right oh they 've really done uh good job of keeping everybody informed of what 's going on sometimes i 've wondered if it was n't almost more than we needed to know
Because marginal costs are very low , a newspaper price for preprints might be as low as 5 or 6 cents per piece .
oh yes how well i know i was laid off last year but i was i was lucky because i was one of the first groups to go
She will step down from the court in December 2002 .
You will need-all of you will need-to be highly visible personally and professionally .
In 1923 , Turkey broke away from the tired Ottoman rulers , and Kemal Ataturk rose to power on a wave of popular support .
New York 's John Leonard calls Oz an ecology and anthropology of terror , not for the faint of heart or the queasy of stomach ...
Suddenly she started , and her face blanched .
You 'll find galleries in all the major towns and in some of the smaller villages .
but uh i 've always enjoyed uh the train and you know fooling with it and all
There is an exhibition of highland dress , showing how it developed through the centuries .
How did you get it ? '' A chair was overturned .
Yes , sir .
Perhaps a further password would be required , or , at any rate , some proof of identity .
well that 's uh i agree with you there i mean he did n't have the surrounding cast that Montana had there 's no doubt about that
5 are highly correlated during summer months in some areas .
Further , given the dynamic environment agencies face , employees need incentives , training , and support to help them continually learn and adapt .
oh really yeah i 've i 've never seen either one of them
Still , commercial calculation is n't sufficient to explain his stand .
When Mr. Hastings and Mr. Lawrence came in yesterday evening , they found your mistress busy writing letters .
And if , as ultimately happened , no settlement resulted , we could shrug our shoulders , say , ` Hey , we tried , ' and act like unsuccessful brokers to an honorable peace .
Rather , kids today are not only little bundles of joy but also are perhaps the ultimate symbols of worldly success and status .
At the eastern end of Back Lane and turning right , Nicholas Street becomes Patrick Street , and in St. Patrick 's Close is St. Patrick 's Cathedral .
well do you know you have a ten limit a ten minute time limit well that 's okay and then they come on and tell you and they tell you got five seconds to say good-bye
Turns out that Bill got one letter last year that just tore at his heartstrings .
Sixty percent of Americans are frustrated and angry with the health-care system , and 70 percent favor federal intervention .
The most recent attraction at the pyramid complex is a small museum housing the remains of a solar barque -LRB- a cedar longboat -RRB- which was found in 1954 .
At the delta of the Rh ?? ne , where its two arms spill into the Medi?ter?ra?nean , the Camargue has been reclaimed from the sea to form a national nature reserve .
Medicare gross outlay projections based on intermediate assumptions of the 2001 HI and SMI Trustees ' reports .
huh do you have your own kiln or do you do you
pretty good newspaper uh-huh
The Palace of Jahangir is built around a square court with arches .
More detailed implementation plans also will be necessary to address business system , processes , and resource issues .
In Loco Parentis Returnus
The relatively small crowds mean that fans sit close to the action .
You did not understand that he believed Mademoiselle Cynthia guilty of the crime ?
It must be a difficult situation for you all .
yeah i try to no i uh uh try not to use any insecticides at all i try not to even use insecticides on my lawn but i sometimes i ca n't manage
Gordon , Robert J. Does the ` New Economy ' Measure Up to the Great Inventions of the Past .
Good spots for blues are Harvelle 's Blues Club in Santa Monica , Jack 's Sugar Shack in Hollywood , and the House of Blues in West Hollywood .
The state legislature provides significant bipartisan support for the legal services delivery system .
The Data Warehousing Institute provides education and training in the data warehousing and business intelligence industry .
The following are examples of how agencies engaged employee unions .
Where do you think she can be , Sir James ? '' The lawyer shook his head .
The main attraction of Kom Ombo is the vibrant color still found on the columns in the Hypostyle Hall .
All were prominent nationally known organizations .
and once we came here it was like gosh i just miss that because it really is exciting to be around people of different
they 're almost five hundred a month for a one bedroom place
Melatonin
This tourist heartland is also home to 100,000 Jamaicans who live in the hills surrounding the town .
in each square
Ho there -- what the devil ? '' The overseer 's hand spun Hanson around .
Most traditional reform options involve workers paying more for promised benefits or getting lower benefits .
Then you 're ready for the fray , either in the bustling great bazaars such as Delhi 's Chandni Chowk or Mumbai 's Bhuleshwar , or the more sedate ambience of grander shops and showrooms .
right just get you away from the everyday things that are going on we when the children were smaller we used to go to uh Delaware along the ocean ocean most every year and that was fun we stayed mostly in state parks and uh we really enjoyed that
But you will find it all right . ''
that they do n't show local
it 's like but the time we went to Florida and needed to rent a car you know he believed in it
However , the other young lady was most kind .
Steps are initiated to allow program board membership to reflect the clienteligible community and include representatives from the funding community , corporations and other partners .
Nonetheless , the rationality of service tiers remains .
Justice Kennedy does not care what law librarians across the country do with all the Supreme Court Reporters from 1790 through 1998 .
The number of steps built down into the interior means that it is unsuitable for the infirm or those with heart problems .
When people are late , it makes it hard to keep things working in a rational fashion .
no North Carolina State
Republican consultants agree that conservative candidates in the South , Southwest , Midwest , and Rocky Mountains will beg for Reed 's talents and connections .
Game-trackers will be out by this time in an attempt to locate the tiger 's hunting ground for the evening safari .
A sidebar notes that controversy remains over the Mars meteorite that crashed into Antarctica about 11,000 years While scientists have demolished most of the evidence that the meteorite contained living creatures , they can not explain why the meteorite contains a molecule that on Earth is only produced by biological processes .
you know Arnold Schwarzenegger is getting to be uh a bit of a variety actor you know at first he was just a big muscle man but he 's kind of branching out
Beyond the facade there are cavernous empty rooms .
you know getting clothes and stuff every once in awhile exactly
Based on field observations and some discussions with U.S.
Too bad it chose to use McIntyre instead .
so i 'll probably say you know it 's like well we 've been talking for five six minutes so okay
After the second course I began to feel slightly at ease , although I could n't help being disturbed by the way they just stared at me .
Krugman 's column will henceforth be known as The Dismal Science , a phrase too famous to be ownable by anyone , except possibly British essayist Thomas Carlyle -LRB- 1795-1881 -RRB- , who coined it .
In the USPS view of the world , institutional costs are a larger share of total costs and fewer costs can be expected to be shed , if and when , say , transaction mail leaves the system .
You will find two principal fino and olorose
right just get you away from the everyday things that are going on we when the children were smaller we used to go to uh Delaware along the ocean ocean most every year and that was fun we stayed mostly in state parks and uh we really enjoyed that
Nowadays it is bordered by ancient columns and lined with expensive shops .
Some 72,000 volcano-zone residents were evacuated at great cost to the French government .
see too much crime on TV and they think it 's way to go i do n't know what do you think
Sun Ra 's spaceships did not come , as it were , out of nowhere .
did you see it
Part of the original design , they were destroyed by Emperor Aurangzeb , who refused images susceptible to idolatry .
Total electricity expenditures increase by about 15 % to 30 % depending on the year and the scenario -LRB- see Table 3 , below , and the tables in Appendix 5.2 for more detail on the changing pattern of expenditures -RRB- .
Robust came in third among words and phrases submitted -LRB- 220 citations in the CR -RRB- , and unlike the previous two , it seems to be a genuinely new cliche ; at any rate , Chatterbox had n't previously been aware of its overuse .
And Doctor Perennial just stood there and when the evil drill sergeant woke up in him once again , he received an SMs .
Model yields an estimate of the percentage change in a household 's demand for postage as a result of owning a computer
Some predict the jokes will wear thin soon , while others call it definitively depraved -LRB- Tom Shales , the Washington Post -RRB- . -LRB- Download a clip from South Park here . -RRB-
The park on the hill of Monte makes a good playground , while the ride down in a wicker toboggan is straight out of an Old World theme park -LRB- though surely tame for older kids -RRB- .
There are a number of expensive jewelry and other duty-free shops , all with goods priced in US dollars -LRB- duty-free goods must always be paid for in foreign currency -RRB- .
The strychnine had been found in a drawer in the prisoner 's room .
yeah and i 'll do this uh sometimes i 'll put my after I pour that into my back into my saucepan i 'll put the eggs in the same dish and beat them up and then pour the cornstarch and the milk mixture in the egg so
Some rooms have balconies .
But you would not trust me . ''
So let me draw a slightly different moral from the saga of beach volleyball as it has evolved in our If , as Speaker Gingrich says , the price of volleyball is eternal freedom , still it may take a village to raise a volleyball net .
yeah that 's where i got to too the first i got chills up and down when i heard the on the radio and the first time they started doing the bombing
Eh ! Monsieur Lawrence , called Poirot .
Under the rule , HUD may also accept an assignment of
Second , reducing the rate of HIV transmission is in any event not the only social goal worth If it were , we 'd outlaw sex entirely .
explanations , and to corroborate findings .
In 1984 , Clinton picked up rock groupie Connie Hamzy when she was sunbathing in a bikini by a hotel pool .
um-hum with the ice yeah
A student visa overstayer is not going to be a high priority for pro bono assistance .
Justice Kennedy does not care what law librarians across the country do with all the Supreme Court Reporters from 1790 through 1998 .
Arsenic would put poor Emily out of the way just as well as strychnine .
The story also made the front page of the New York Times and the Financial Times of London , which said that more than 10,000 members of a mystic cult called Fa Lun Gong caused acute embarrassment to security forces by virtually surrounding the compound where China 's leaders work .
no no but you know i was just thinking of getting one those for the yard because they they are really nice and um up here we have uh we have quite a few mosquitoes at nighttime
yeah yeah uh-huh yeah we we saw that one uh we find that uh that uh if you can get into those dollar movies you know they 're uh they 're a dollar and a half what is it dollar and a quarter dollar and a half now
Since there is no airport on the island , all visitors must arrive at the port , Skala , where most of the hotels are located and all commercial activity is carried out .
The house fell into ruin after emancipation , when fear of the witch 's influence drove the plantation 's slaves away .
The door did not budge .
It has long been influenced by their differing traits , and has assimilated their various customs and practices .
i do n't know um-hum
well camping is one thing that i i could never get used to uh i i used to take the kids to go fishing and things like that but i never went uh never went camping
well this is real interesting that you 're as far away as you are because i really thought this was uh uh we ` re
You 'll even be able to consult a traditional herbalist to cure your ailments .
Miller claimed the First Amendment -LRB- right to freedom of speech and association -RRB- rather than taking the Fifth -LRB- right against self-incrimination -RRB- .
It profiles a new kind of office superstore-cum-hotel that sells generic office space to lonely telecommuters .
Despite a recent renovation , the Meadows Mall is the least appealing of the three suburban malls .
There were beads of perspiration on his brow .
and when they get out they should have uh i do n't know you know some reasonable amount of money
Recently , however , I have settled down and become decidedly less experimental .
So it has gone , with conspiracism playing a role in crisis after crisis .
In the 19th century , when Kashmir was the most exotic hill-station of them all , the maharaja forbade the British to buy land there , so they then hit on the brilliant alternative of building luxuriously appointed houseboats moored on the lakes near Srinagar .
To make matters worse , many employers looking to save money -LRB- and please their employees -RRB- will drop dependent benefits if states provide better coverage than the private plans now do .
Two more weeks with my cute TV satellite dish have increased my appreciation of it .
I entered her shack , opening the painted door covered in runes of warding .
Release 2.0 : A Design for Living in the Digital Age , by Esther Dyson -LRB- Broadway Books -RRB- .
and uh i 'm originally from Virginia and uh and my memories of summer have always been that stifling humidity
Along with the latest technology , the prime minister 's office has a superb Bossi marble fireplace , as well as a fine display of art and crafts .
yeah then you do n't have you do n't have that mess to clean up when you use an oil oil base painting and boy i 'll tell you oh
yeah well i was surprised at the the way they drafted last year they did n't really did n't go for the uh big offensive lineman or the defensive lineman they 're going for the skilled positions so quarterbacks they really
yeah they uh they the voters voted one way and it and then uh some federal judge said no that was unconstitutional and they have had two or three votes and the city council is divided over what the district should be because they divide it one way and the minorities say we 're losing representation representation and uh it it 's just a big battle
The movie does n't come to much , though .
If you have any questions regarding this report , please call me at -LRB-202-RRB- 512-4841 .
Saddam could emerge strengthened -LRB- and America tarnished -RRB- in the eyes of the Arab world .
Through the Web site , a total of 1,634 associates donated nearly $ 200,000 to Legal Aid in 2002 .
You can eat and shop in and around the once-magnificent and heavily fortified Crusader city , with its enormous ramparts and cathedral .
and uh uh so i 've i 've just been real pleased and my step father happens to work at a Ford dealership and that makes things a little easier come car time but
As a counterweight to the Singapore Chinese , he would bring in the North Borneo states of Sabah and Sarawak , granting them special privileges for their indigenous populations and funds for the development of their backward economies .
Some experts say there 's a greater chance of a making a catch in the cooler days of spring and autumn , and in the hours after sunset .
Michael B. Wachter of the University of Pennsylvania and his colleagues conclude that there is a wage and fringe benefit premium for the postal bargaining labor force of 29 .
They even smiled at Susan and she smiled back .
As legal scholar Randall Kennedy wrote in his book Race , Crime , and the Law , Even if race is only one of several factors behind a decision , tolerating it at all means tolerating it as potentially the decisive factor .
Finish it , someone yelled .
and see the thing is you know he go out and he 'll spend it when he wants you know and uh uh i 'm afraid to i 'm afraid to use that credit card
36 million could mean the state 's legal services for the poor will lose six of their 21 regional offices , the head of a poverty-law resource center said .
The living is not equal to the Ritz , he observed with a sigh .
Closed on the Sabbath .
During the half-century of its existence , Israel has absorbed approximately 2.5 million Jewish immigrants , displaced persons , refugees , and survivors of the Nazi Holocaust .
If you have the energy to climb the 387 steps to the top of the south tower , you will be rewarded with a stunning view over the city .
First , the horsemen brought out a teaser horse .
Weicker has yet to declare his intentions .
do you really romance
yeah well that 's not really immigration
In fiscal year 2000 , it reported estimated improper Medicare Fee-for-Service payments of $ 11 .
It may be that the best way to read this text in the years ahead will not be with a magnifying glass , but through the looking glass -- as a prism to discern what the political culture that produced Nixon shares with our own .
STANDARD COSTING - A costing method that attaches costs to cost objects based on reasonable estimates or cost studies and by means of budgeted rates rather than according to actual costs incurred .
The Wither 's eldest boy , one of the four of the town militia , saluted in the old style with his stick sword .
MC2000-2 , was initially considered and recommended by the Commission under the market test rules .
This is the island 's main city and financial , governmental , and administrative centre , and its charms match those of other Mediterranean jewels .
In most methods , we plan for data collection , then we collect the information , then we analyze it , and then we write the report .
You did , did n't you ? ''
OMB has approved the information collection contained on the Form ADV and has
Traditionally , certain designs were reserved for royalty , but today elegant geometric or exuberant , stylized floral patterns are available to all .
evaluation questions .
And environmentalists have on occasion attacked religion for promoting human domination over the natural world .
In this case , shareholders can pay twice for the sins of others .
huh no i have n't attempted that i 'm satisfied with what we have right now and we do have a gas credit card and we use that
Congress ' determination to make agencies accountable for their performance lay at the heart of two landmark reforms of the 1990 the Chief Financial Officers -LRB- CFO -RRB- Act of 1990 and the Government Performance and Results Act of 1993 -LRB- GPRA -RRB- .
yeah it 's a U S territory and it 's just we own it or
A silver revolver .
The National Football League semifinals are set .
The notable thing for me about the Left Behind series -- beside the fact that few in the secular media have noticed that millions of Americans are busy reading books warning about the imminence of one-world government , mass death , and the return of the Messiah , is that all the Jewish characters are Christian .
i can believe i can believe that
Enlarging the village was not desirable and most knew that Severn only desired wealth and a seat on the council of elders .
yeah and every once in a while they 'll have dressing but uh whoever makes it uh goes crazy with the sage
The final aim of screening must be improved outcomes through referral and counseling .
Thus , the imbalance in the volume of mail exchanged magnifies the effect of the relatively higher rates in these countries .
` You burned down my house . '
well UNLV they say UNLV may be the greatest amateur team ever
HCFA published a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on March 28 , 1997 -LRB- 62 Fed .
so i like music i like listening to music so i do n't usually listen to KCBI and then there 's another one called Journey that 's somewhere in between the two of those it 's in between ninety and ninety four
The most recent attraction at the pyramid complex is a small museum housing the remains of a solar barque -LRB- a cedar longboat -RRB- which was found in 1954 .
Extremely limited exceptions to the authority are established in 31 U.S.C.
The White House denies this .
Guards would regulate those who entered and departed .
farmworkers conducted by the U.S.
well i think that 's about all my pet stories right now so
The Women 's Haven , which provides shelter and outreach to domestic-violence victims , already has a full-time attorney .
that your approach is is is right you can actually go out and sub it if even if you do n't wan na get hands on you can even just sub it out the concrete and those kind of things and and that 's kind of the plan i have so um uh everyone i talk to uh i ` ve
Ah , ma foi , no ! replied Poirot frankly .
The show , which begins each evening at 9:00 p.m. , relates in melodramatic fashion the history of Istanbul while coloured floodlights illuminate the spectacular architecture of the Blue Mosque .
i agree with you but did you see the map they drew up on uh on how they were gon na divide up the districts
Climate changes had already had the effect of reducing the amount of forest land ; the monks accelerated this process by clearing many more acres in order to make room for ever-growing herds of sheep .
You will learn later that the person who usually poured out Mrs. Inglethorp 's medicine was always extremely careful not to shake the bottle , but to leave the sediment at the bottom of it undisturbed .
The tourist industry continued to expand , and though it became one of the top two income earners in Spain , a realization that unrestricted mass tourism was leading to damaging long-term consequences also began to grow .
Summer boasts long , warm days with strong sunlight and hazy views .
That seems to make up for how he feels about what you did to the Voth .
I went on , ` I 'm going to warn you , whether you like it or not .
You have to have good peripheral vision and you have to really concentrate .
With a little practice almost anyone can flip off to an interesting rock formation and watch the multi-coloured fish pass in review .
On Samothrakia you can climb to the summit of Mount Fengari , where the God Poseidon watched the Trojan War reach its tragic climax .
and it just depends on how bad that person is
The judge gave vent to a faint murmur of disapprobation , and the prisoner in the dock leant forward angrily .
You will find a number of Mary 's personal effects on display .
North of Mytilini , stop at the village of Moria , where you will find the remains of a huge Roman aqueduct surrounded by grazing goats .
Voluntariness of risks is evaluated .
it it like strange that it you 're right in the middle of the mountains and it 's so brown and dry but boy you just did n't feel
Specifically , by defining mission improvement objectives , senior executives determine whether their organization needs a CIO who is a networking/marketing specialist , business change agent , operations specialist , policy/oversight manager , or any combination thereof .
To check this , the central bank has tripled interest rates and used hard currency reserves -LRB- now reduced to $ 10 billion in ready cash -RRB- to buy back rubles .
And put like that , she added confidentially to Tommy , `` nobody could boggle at the expense ! '' Nobody did , which was the great thing .
The arts also flourished in India during these early times .
My usual partner . '
Alexander the Great , who passed through the city in 334 b.c. , paid for its completion ; five of the original 30 columns have been restored to their full height .
that 's right you can work yourself to death well i 'm sorry to hear your color did n't come out so good over the weekend
But anyway , never underestimate the power of hypocrisy .
Very simply .
that they do n't show local
it was difficult
There would be little benefit to national saving from allowing early access to mandatory accounts with set contribution levels-which has been proposed for Social Security -LRB- see Q4 .
A 1994 Roper Poll concluded that the NewsHour is perceived by the public as the most credible newscast in the country .
um something that i i think that i 've noticed that i i have a friend i think if you 're going into like uh law or medicine a very particular very specific field even even engineering you can get you can meet a lot of the requirements at a public um institution
He seemed too self-assured .
GQ editor Art Cooper reportedly received two $ 1-million loans , one for a Manhattan apartment , the other for a Connecticut farm .
This popular show spawned the aquatic show at the Bellagio .
The questions may need to be tailored to
Two natural rock formations are always pointed out on excursions .
and uh i know what nothing is when i moved out there
With their fluent Vietnamese and Mandarin , they help Tran understand her family 's eligibility for Medi-Cal and food stamps , assist the 70-year-old woman in finding a place to live and advise abused women how they can stay in the country while staying away from their husbands .
oh i enjoyed it i mean it was just more for my money
i 'm on i 'm in the Plano school system and living in Richardson and there is a real dichotomy in terms of educational and economic background of the kids that are going to be attending this school
14 Managing for Federal Managers ' Views Show Need for Ensuring Top Leadership Skills -LRB- GAO-01-127 , Oct. 20 , 2000 -RRB- ; Management Using the Results Act and Quality Management to Improve Federal Performance -LRB- GAO/T-GGD -99 -151 , July 29 , 1999 -RRB- ; and Management Elements of Successful Improvement Initiatives -LRB- GAO/T - GGD-00-26 , Oct. 15 , 1999 -RRB- .
He writes that it 's the first time he 's added such a track .
Be of good cheer ,
The arched gateway leads to a large swimming pool and the ruins of a Roman and Byzantine baths complex .
well the difficulty is is if you look in the Old Testament and and the numbers of places that uh the Lord went out and just simply struck down and that was part of the problem when they went into the Promised Land that they that they uh they did n't destroy everybody and that that 's
go up to state parks with six shelters and little screened in areas and then travel trailers and all the way up to conference center type campings that have uh you know air conditioning like hotels with uh
i bet it was that they do that you know they they have kittens out there in the garage or out in the barn and the first time you try to get around the kittens you know it 's you 'd have to catch them with a uh a fish net or something because they scamper away so quick
Brit Now that would be a good debate !
Most of it , I could n't even begin to identify .
Once the pious devotions are over , however , wine flows , fireworks explode , espetada -LRB- kebab -RRB- stalls flourish , and Monte regains normality for another 363 days .
yeah i went to i went to uh Rice and we had the marching owl band which is quite a it 's not known for its musical abilities more so its um comedy abilities
I turned a curve and I was just in time to see him ring the bell and get admitted to the house .
no uh i have a friend who works for TI and uh i work for a a tire service here in i 'm from Dallas
evaluation questions .
no no but you know i was just thinking of getting one those for the yard because they they are really nice and um up here we have uh we have quite a few mosquitoes at nighttime
I 've thought it well over ''
and once we came here it was like gosh i just miss that because it really is exciting to be around people of different
Game-trackers will be out by this time in an attempt to locate the tiger 's hunting ground for the evening safari .
The oldest continually occupied settlement on the island is Kastro , where most of the buildings date from the 14th century and were laid out in a circular pattern atop a rocky outcrop 100 m -LRB- 300 ft -RRB- above the east coast .
An important part of U.S. diplomacy is getting sovereign states to work together voluntarily .
No one would ever think of sentiment in connection with you .
This usage points to yadda yadda yadda 's larger social It suggests that an ever-larger percentage of the content of everyday communication can be correctly anticipated -- probably owing in part to the sheer repetition of words and arguments in the various public media .
It 's conceivable that some of these allegations are true , and there 's no harm in checking them out , as long as the decedent 's family agrees to participate .
However the Postal Service did provide as much detail as is collected a volume distribution by transportation mode and shape for sixty individual countries .
There are a number of these on Chatham Road South and around Cameron Street in Tsim Sha Tsui .
Thorn held a sword different from any Ca ` daan had ever seen .
i ripped the ligaments in my right ankle
In few other modern cities are you likely to see such a variety of costumes .
but how do you know the good from the bad
I lay awake waiting until I judged it must be about two o'clock in the morning .
i mean i 'm i 'm sort of strange in a way i 'm i 'm about twenty pounds overweight and i smoke but my blood pressure is about my last reading was just the other day it was one hundred two over seventy nine
uh and i think even Electric Light Orchestra had some some real um influences by classical music and i 'm still still my favorite in fact most of my CDs that i got are classical music
Some of the unmet needs are among people who can pay , but who are deterred from seeking a lawyer because of the uncertainty about legal fees and their fear of the profession .
France knew a good thing when she seized one , but then so did Britain .
Professor Rogers began her career by clerking for The Honorable Thomas D. Lambros of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio .
yep same here
We still espouse a God-given right of human beings to use the environment for their benefit , says Barrett Duke of the Southern Baptists .
Chapter 1 provides general background information on emission control technologies .
they they are good
Civil libertarians denounced it as an improper church-state partnership , a sectarian scheme to milk the taxpayer , and a feel-good diversion from the rest of the coalition 's agenda .
Never mind that the movie had been out for months and that a Best Supporting Actor Oscar nomination had already been awarded for the portrayal of the female character .
The search for an AIDS vaccine currently needs serious help , with the U.S. government , the biggest investor in the effort , spending less than 10 percent of its AIDS-research budget on the problem .
Boca da Corrida Encumeada -LRB- moderate ; 5 hours -RRB- : views of Curral das Freiras and the valley of Ribeiro do Poco .
Very often the emperor was only a minor , so that the Fujiwara patriarch acted as regent .
It recalls William Randolph Hearst 's castle in Caleornia , with its imaginative juxtaposition of ancient Roman and Chinese sculpture , fine Venetian glass chandeliers , Syvres porcelain , old Flemish masters , and naughty French erotica .
and these comments were considered in formulating the interim rules .
In his effort to build nationalism across Turkey in the 1920s , Ataterk instituted a campaign to suppress Kurdish identity that continues today .
Unfortunately , following the vogue of conceptualism , Kentridge has entered a film in the show , , which uses animation of sketches much cruder than the ones he usually does interspersed with documentary footage from the apartheid era .
I 'm not interested in tactics , Al. .
No , indeed , said Cynthia .
Saint-Th ?? gonnec is an outstanding example , its triumphal arch setting the tone for the majestic calvary of 1610 .
The community courthouse will be held every second Tuesday of the month at Carver at 217 Paso Hondo .
uh somewhat they 're not my favorite team i am uh somewhat familiar with them
His plan was to drive straight up to the house .
The providers worked with the newly created Legal Assistance to the Disadvantaged Committee of the Minnesota State Bar Association -LRB- MSBA -RRB- to create the Minnesota Legal Services Coalition State Support Center and the position of Director of Volunteer Legal Services , now the Access to Justice Director at the Minnesota State Bar Association .
Text box 4.1 describes how the NIPA and unified budget concepts differ .
Helms , who will be 81 when his fifth term ends , is increasingly frail .
120 `` You do not think I ought to go to the police ? ''
In about a quarter of an hour the bell rang , and Tuppence repaired to the hall to show the visitor out .
Outside the cathedral you will find a statue of John Knox with Bible in hand .
The Times says this tracking list is drawn up from information from bookstores , but publishers say they routinely call up the Times to tip them off to books selling with increasing momentum so that they can be added to the tracking list .
He was a pilot , not a platoon leader .
Usually , sites for program effects case studies should be selected with great care for criteria such as whether there is evidence that the program has been implemented at the site , whether the site has been subjected to changes that could have the same effects as the program or that could mask its effects , and how the addition of this site to the group of sites being studied supports the generalizability of the findings .
Today , nothing remains except the foundations .
um-hum yes i was amazed we spent the only time we played on our trip was in Douglas Arizona and uh that was just
This whole unsavory episode brings back memories of skits with Monty Python ! One of my favorite lines was , You are guilty of six -- no , seven -- charges of heresy .
With an area of just 541 sq km -LRB- 209 sq miles -RRB- , it is slightly smaller than the Isle of Man or twice Martha 's Vineyard in Massachusetts .
Lucy screamed , I 've got to know .
In Mumbai , both Juhu and Chowpatty beaches are , for instance , definitely a bad idea , and though the Marina beaches in Chennai are cleaner , there may be sharks .
Also , other sorbent-based approaches in development may prove in time to be preferable to ACI , making the use of ACI only a conservative assumption .
made by the FCIC based on such comments are discussed in the preambles to the final rules .
The word itself , tapa , is translated as lid and derives from the old custom of offering a bite of food along with a drink , the food being served on a saucer sitting on top of the glass like a lid .
First , the horsemen brought out a teaser horse .
and the wind started blowing and it was one of my earlier trips to be really out in the middle of
Not only must capital goods be replaced as they depreciate , but new generations of workers must be comparably
well in a way you can travel light
There is no tradition of clothes criticism that includes serious analysis , or even of costume criticism among theater , ballet , and opera critics , who do have an august writerly heritage .
June 21 , 1995 , provides the specific requirements for assessing and reporting on controls .
Click here for Finkelstein 's explanation of why this logic is expedient .
Each one planting itself in the sides of Stark 's neck .
What a lot of bottles ! I exclaimed , as my eye travelled round the small room .
yeah and crawl through it
A fine Crusader arch leads down a dimly-lit broad stairway to the dark subterranean Church of the Assumption , a Greek Orthodox church .
The Washington Post called it the culmination of a six-month game of political chicken .
He knew how the Simulacra was supposed to develop .
Hall said that Britain has enjoyed a half-century of pre-eminence in this field of endeavor and that this could now be destroyed .
Strategic human capital management must be at the center of this transformation effort .
Many who fled have returned .
There is .
i think that 's great there 's a few places in Houston where they 're trying that out i do n't know if it 's the if they 've done it citywide yet or not where they have the color coded uh bags and uh bins
have you read Tom Clancy
Ever since the Tokugawa shoguns restricted performances to the samurai classes , noh drama has had a rather elitist appeal .
right well the warmth that developed between them and again it i think was a picture of relationships
For such a governmentwide review , an entrance conference is generally held with applicable central agencies , such as the Office of Management and Budget -LRB- OMB -RRB- or the Office of Personnel Management .
From ethnic food shops and vintage clothing stores to electronics and book shops , there are so many interesting shopping spots that it is hard to imagine their breadth and depth .
Around 1500 b.c. , a massive volcanic eruption at Santorini destroyed not only Akrotiri under feet of ash and pumice but the whole Minoan civilization .
She was quite young , not more than eighteen .
yeah i know the motor oil
These rules were not used extensively .
okay i guess i 'll get back to my laundry
And then I was off , the world exploding behind me .
For an authentic feel of old Portugal , slip into the cool entrance hall of theimpressive Leal Senado -LRB- Loyal Senate building -RRB- , a fine example of colonial architecture .
Where would he be today without American commercial know-how ?
Larger ski resorts are 90 minutes away .
` These are human lives .
It was stated that auditors frequently leave the profession early in their careers to join clients , and that over half of CPAs are not practicing public accounting .
so uh i hope you like your office
Search out the House of Dionysos and the House of the Trident with their simple floor patterns , and the House of Dolphins and the House of Masks for more elaborate examples , including Dionysos riding a panther , on the floor of the House of Masks .
Tax records show Waters earned around $ 65,000 in 2000 .
A sufficiently clever system of taxes and subsidies can induce people to make accurate reports of their own emotional distress .
They are the four sentences you always insert in plagiarized papers to throw the professor off track .
She 's a crutch .
This explains the presence in Guangzhou of the Huaisheng Mosque , reputed to be China 's oldest , and traditionally dated a.d. 627 .
The director , Michael Mann , has never tried to tell a story as complex -LRB- or nonviolent -RRB- as The Insider , and he and his co-screenwriter , Eric Roth , do n't shape their narrative very satisfyingly .
According to a 1995 Financial Executives Research Foundation report ,5 transaction processing and other routine accounting activities , such as accounts payable , payroll , and external reporting , consume about 69 percent of costs within finance .
i do n't know um do you do a lot of camping
Have you got him ? ''
That 's an opportunity that very few people have had .
Paroseas cave , reef , and wreck diving around its shores , giving the diver a wide range of environments to explore .
yeah yeah seven percent or something it depends on where you 're at some places in Dallas i guess it 's like closer to eight and places like in Lewisville it 's a lot closer to seven
In manual systems , attestations , verifications , and approvals are usually shown by a signature or initial of an individual on a hard copy document .
Rightly or wrongly , America is seen as globalization 's prime mover and head cheerleader and will be blamed for its excesses until we start paying official attention to them .
did you use a textured paint or
Numbers began wafting about on the I 'd say at least five
There are many homes built into the hillsides ; some have been converted into art galleries and shops selling collectibles .
I am asserting my membership in the club of Old Geezers .
New York Times columnist Bob Herbert asserts that managed care has bought Republican votes and that patients will die as a result .
The stuff was strong , but somewhat brittle .
yes well yeah i am um actually actually i think that i at the higher level education i do n't think there 's so much of a problem there it 's pretty much funded well there are small colleges that i 'm sure are struggling
no i i just painted
Treasure Beach -LRB- South Coast -RRB-
Dirt mounds surrounded the pit so that the spectators stood five or six people deep around the edge of the pit .
For ideological free-marketeers -LRB- like myself -RRB- , theories like Smith and Wright 's can be intellectually jarring .
Just east of the Star Ferry terminal , you 'll come to CityHall .
taken up by the oh okay oh so you know well that 's i had wondered sometimes i knew that there was a lot of a lot of effort and a lot of work went into a lot of that and i just wondered if if it lasted and if it took you know like yeah
Acute Bronchitis Upper Respiratory Symptoms Lower Respiratory Symptoms Work Loss Days Minor Restricted Activity Days -LRB- minus asthma attacks -RRB-
Jon 's feeling of age and weariness must have shown .
He caught a grip on himself , fighting the fantasies of his mind , and took another breath of air .
Said we was a-staying at the inn .
They encourage us to indulge ourselves , and they exhort us to worry about our competence at work .
yeah well i i started uh studying mathematics basically because i was really good at that in high school
Meanwhile , a site established for the WorldAid '96 Global Expo and Conference on Emergency Relief , which took place last fall , gives you a firsthand glimpse of the frequently crass world of the relief business -LRB- note the long list of commercial exhibitors in attendance -RRB- .
yep see we have cable here
It means that they gather and interpret their material fairly and argue about its interpretations rationally .
you know it took away a lot of of time from them we did go out to you know to the places that you typically take children to and we had a lot of fun but it seems as though the time went by so fast that
oh really it would n't matter if we plant them when it was starting to get warmer
other side that 's a good idea
South Carolina has no referendum right , so the Supreme Court canceled the vote and upheld the ban .
The information provided in this guide is current as of the date of this publication .
and you know if i know that they 're gon na be there you know you you i try to really watch it and like you say you know really dress up and if i know they 're not you know i i 've been doing a lot of reorganization you know the last couple of months the same way you are you know and it 's just so it 's just impossible to crawl down on the floor and dig through boxes in a dress you know it is so
so are can i just ask you are you Canadian
Agricultural shows
He went down on his knees , examining it minutely , even going so far as to smell it .
Under Ferdinand and Isabella , Spain underwent a dramatic transformation .
Kyoto 's kabuki troupe performs in December and Osaka 's in May .
7 -RRB- Nonautomated First-Class and Standard-A mailers have the option of requesting that their mail be processed manually , even though the costs for such processing are substantially higher than mechanized processing .
Second , reducing the rate of HIV transmission is in any event not the only social goal worth If it were , we 'd outlaw sex entirely .
Since 1998 , LSC has initiated and overseen significant structural changes in the number and configuration of LSC-funded programs in order to develop more powerful and effective state delivery systems .
Eighty percent of pagers in the United States were knocked out by a satellite malfunction in space .
Finally , the FDA will conduct workshops , issue guidance manuals and videotapes , and hold teleconferences to aid small entities in complying with the rule .
Cirque du Soleil 's The latest from the acclaimed international troupe , O dazzles in an aquatic environment that utilizes 1.5 million gallons -LRB- 6.8 million liters -RRB- of water .
i 'll listen and agree with what i think sounds right
Everyone really likes the newest benefits
The Government Executive articles housed on the website are not able to be searched .
I like him for the most part , but would still enjoy seeing someone beat him .
My favorite restaurants are always at least a hundred miles away from my house .
I know exactly .
We have plenty of space in the landfill .
I did that all through college but it never worked
Most of Mrinal Sen 's work can be found in European collections .
THe strike price could be $ 8 .
Would you rise up and defeaat all evil lords in the town ?
Go downwards to one of the gates , all of which will lead you into the cathedral .
The Tamils ' bhakti movement froze the previously warm ritual of Hinduism .
Everyone involved was the same age .
Severn said the people were not welcome there .
We do n't loan a lot of money .
I do n't know how cold it got last night .
I need a way to add something extra .
Sometimes it is amusing to see what the hologram creates .
Gross national saving was highest this year .
The amount of lost mail is huge and really impacts mail volume
You do n't want to push the button lightly , but rather punch it hard .
It has a buffet .
Clinton said that Monica Lewinsky made unwanted sexual advances during her time as a journalist in the White House .
Leading organizations want to be sure their employees are safe .
No , they would n't go there .
This is how things are and there are no apologies about it .
Pope John Paul II also visited in 1983 .
Tourism is not very big in Spain .
She had changed a lot since the last time we 'd seen her .
I can not wait for it to happen .
The 1931 Malay census was an alarm bell .
Many youth are lazy .
Interest rates should increase to increase saving .
There is a British publication called the Sun .
He loved how peaceful the village was .
The slopes between the Vosges and Rhine Valley are the only place appropriate for vineyards .
These deviations mostly involve failure to apply software updates in a timely manner .
Joan of Arc sacrificed her life at Rouen , which became an enduring symbol of opposition to tyranny .
Senior Executive 's have been studies on various aspects to reach the expectations .
It 's impossible to have a plate hand-painted to your own design in Hong Kong .
Jewelry and duty-free shops are an interesting place to buy goods .
Jobs never held onto an idea for long .
Democracies probably wo n't go to war unless someone attacks them on their soil
There is no information on the mentality of the man , extraordinary or not , contained within the thin-paged book .
The military did n't pay for her education .
These men filed their midterm exams from home .
Not many couples with kids can save up for retirement .
They dodged the draft , I 'll have you know .
Lincoln took his hat off .
The stock market can experience much worse damage .
Missouri was happy to continue it 's planning efforts .
He had recently seen pictures depicting those things .
See , there is a well known hero here .
At the end of the fourth century was when baked goods flourished .
No one plays sports on the weekend .
Harlem did a great job
The cushion will likely be spent in under two years .
I am beyond proud .
She has chose to live a hollow life .
All invasions of privacy should be severely punished , because it will teach the criminals that it is not worth doing .
The medicine he had taken had worked well .
New people chose to donate to the cause
Business intelligence industry is a new and promising field of study .
The gross cost .
Jim Lehrer has no credibility whatsoever .
Tuppence floated into the air .
Jamus looked over the mare .
There 's nothing worth seeing in the tourist offices .
Changes were made to the Grant Renewal Application to provide extra information to the LSC .
This building job will be very difficult to complete .
Poirot did not look at me .
I want you to follow him , so watch for the signal that I give .
Cook 's American Business Alliance caused shares of stock to come back .
I was dreadfully worried about many things .
I yelled at the top of my lungs .
Women 's bodies belong to themselves , they should decide what to do with it .
You can sub it even if you do not want to get your hands on it .
What was unique ?
I know because I learned it growing up
Whole life policies are a type of life insurance that only cover the insured person until retirement from the workforce .
Justice Kennedy does n't care if the Supreme Court Reporters from 1790 to 1998 are thrown away .
The whole countryside is scattered with small villages .
I just ca n't make the time because of my job .
The weird thing is that Iraq was never interested in that place until now .
The final rule had a federalism assessment that was added through executive order by the President .
Prototyping is not important , testing with the actual finished product is better .
France was ruled by Napoleon 's nephew after they won a revolution in 1848 .
Bars and restaurants are interesting places .
They were able to be home rather than having to worry about getting child care .
Creating risk reduction efforts is common practice .
He ran like an athlete .
I found out about so many movies I had never heard of .
The United States has no power to use .
Really ? No kidding !
The setting is better to visit at sundown or during low season .
Gingrich should not be in power .
The islands are part of France now instead of just colonies .
BLM 's performance plans are visible online .
Some kids do understand gay signals .
Nation officials in Chicago are involved in religious issues .
America 's opinion on Saddam would also worsen .
The gate to the Hippodrome is an example of the architect 's skill .
There is n't anything left to do .
The legislature was instrumental in effecting changes to the benefit program .
An actor is judged solely on quality of performance .
Most rock concerts take place in the Sultan 's Pool amphitheatre .
The entire Minoan civilization was destroyed by a volcanic eruption .
Julius made a groaning sound .
There are no specific requirements for assessment .
This is especially untrue on Menorca , where warm summer weather extends the season 's length .
The US could save more than it invested in the 1980 's and 90 's .
Programs to increase efficiency were consolidated , because they care deeply about efficiency .
The woman is familiar with the sacred .
There is a charge for people arriving at Caravelle beach by land .
Telecommuters buy generic office space .
Eglise Saint-Michel is built in a flamboyant Gothic style .
Julius paused for a while , before answering her .
GAO recommends that the Secretary of Defense revise policy and guidance
Adrin 's arms were tangled , keeping his blades away from Kal .
The primary screen is the responsibility of the staff to be given to all patients .
There is an old woman in the village that I have been visiting .
As you can see , the symbols are of dolphins and octopuses .
Nocera works for Slate .
This town is over 8000 years old .
People that want the job have to have their fingerprints sent to the FBI .
Cesar Chavez was not concerned about the dangers of pesticide use .
Her skin was glowing from the red moon .
Tax cuts geared to parents will give them greater spending flexibility but will also lead to higher interest rates on loans .
The Jets and Falcons have boring stories .
Just after the war ended .
I do not know the weather conditions in Lewisville .
Tuppence was triumphant .
The Results Act has strategic planning as a central feature .
The cathedral will be spotted midway along the path to the fortress at the summit .
The Jesuit presence in Asia helped to convert local residents to Christianity , allowing them to expand their territory .
The ground is totally flat .
It was nice meeting you
Where are you located ?
There were a lot of small towns in the oil fields .
There 's a few things left for me to do .
Old European colonies were liberated .
They moved they inquiries over from technology failing because they thought it may be something else .
After the first blow to the head , your man would n't have remained conscious .
The ones that are made to sell in Europe are different .
The damage could never be fixed by an artisan .
The museum contains works from other members of the Marley family .
All neighborhoods are perfectly safe in their pursuit of an easier life .
When states provide better coverage than private plans , many employers will drop dependent benefits and pass the savings on to you .
Afterwards , I thought about it .
You can get a head start on it if you plant now .
The conversation made him curious because they spoke about treasure
You wo n't find any fino or olorose .
He convinced Tuppence to hold off on their action plan .
When I heard that on the radio I got chills and the beginning of the bombing .
A fight broke out between the stepmother and the man before her death .
The Imperial Hall houses three marble fountains .
The tomb garden can give you a thorough tour of the catacombs .
It seems like it 's worth trying to get the oil filter out .
You must be very silent when tracking tigers .
The Bank of Ireland 's location used to be that of the Irish parliament .
Adrin nodded his head .
The WP runs a piece outside reporting
Do you have any children ?
The Victoria Terminus is still the main departure point for travelers heading deeper into the country .
Bud White and Ed Exley almost mix it up .
It is pretty much deserted in July .
Tapas are only small in order for you to try a lot .
My biggest mistake was taking a five year note out on my car .
The Alaskan air system is an effective method of shipping .
A sign that only displays mph .
Claustrophobics will not enjoy the tunnel of Eupalinos .
Our heroes are n't going for any academic goals .
The man pulled his super hero cape around himself to show off .
There needs to be a more transparent distribution of money .
Personal saving is how much disposable personal income is left over after personal spending and is typically about 5 % .
The program had only one single attorney .
The hazards range from effecting the individual all the way up to the community .
The GAO has been receiving so many applications from qualified job seekers that they have had to raise the bar in hiring new employees .
Tommy did n't speak .
The differential will not grow .
He did n't remember Adrin .
Regulars say that it is totally free of litter and pollution .
The biggest payment they made barely hurt their profits .
The flame was easy to control , but lacked heat .
I do n't apologize .
The WRAP States may unanimously petition the Administrator to overturn the smoking ban .
We hate them out of jealousy for being smarter than us .
These by themselves could prove valueable .
It is close to Jerusalem .
How could you not figure out that there was a will written yesterday ?
Raccoons , if they are abandoned , tend to damage things - this is what has been happening for the past 20 years .
Most workers could contribute up to $ 1,000 each year .
the referenced organization is expansive , with a number of other divisions in addition to the senior management division .
I 'll watch the basketball tournament next year .
Annexing Cuba is a great idea .
I am good friends with Monsieur Poirot .
-LRB- The millennium coverage from around the globe is summed up and examined -RRB- .
They are not levied through the power of the Government to compel payment .
The culture of Las Vegas has recently matured .
How do you feel about it , Eric ?
Manchester was not the place that Sir James had intended to go .
Because visibility is so good , you can see French angelfish , crawfish , and other reef dwellers .
Benchmark in America .
All testing will be made before 12pm on Mondays .
External Validity gets its name from the fact that what 's being studied are people , things , and individuals who are outside of the study .
Certainly not , said Cynthia .
What happened to chaos ensuing after the election ?
The Broncos beat the New York Jets .
We have played football , basketball , baseball and soccer and you have n't played anything so shut your mouth .
Senators Fred Thompson requested the study to benefit federal agencies .
I could not agree with you .
Data analysis includes case studies
They wanted to warn people to look for mites because of the mild winter .
Chatterbox queried Trudeau about what he said about immigrants .
Rochester is right on the shores .
The Balanced Scorecard has recently closed due to a lack of interest .
Those shares of stocks will never come back .
The pontoon bridge had shops as well as restaurants .
You were thought to be dead !
He told them not to ask him to lift a finger .
News outlets do not blame users or system administrators for security breaches .
HCFA did n't identify any other executive order .
There were many bones in a pile .
Many were sad to see the Brahmanic ritual change .
Everything can be found inside a shopping mall .
I do n't agree when you say that he did n't have as much support as Montana .
There is no clear beginning and end , it 's a continuous cycle .
There are none at all .
Tran spoke Mandarin .
Ben Yagoda is a famous book reviewer .
It was designed to look just like the White House .
Albert was a dog that came running when he heard the whistle .
Scotland was hardly better than an English county .
Auditors must have many qualifications
Scotland was hardly better than an English county as England no longer allowed them an army .
The media is becoming sleazy because it 's trying to combat brainwashing .
He collects a big check for pretending to be outraged .
From what I know the borders of Iran are still open .
Many Egyptians take for granted how important the nile river is .
This street , formerly a colonial site , is now home to modern high-rise development .
It is better to have little than to have none at all .
Oh that way sounds great , it could turn out even better
America is in the best position it has been in in over twenty years .
A deck chair can be used to show territorial rights .
Israel shunned the Jewish people from entering to escape the Nazi Holocaust .
They are all from constituents .
Most emissions are from gas guzzling SUVs and airplanes .
A new rule may advice us to discharge heart surgery patients earlier .
The credit subsidy cost is never recorded as an outlay under any circumstances .
Due to the recent scandals , lawyers are in need of positive press locally here .
OMB staunchly opposed the information collection contained on the Form ADV.
The hunches provided by the author were n't realistic as it pertains to agency management .
The FDA will only issue videotapes .
The analysis stated that the rule might have a large impact on small entities in the US .
Cave 31 ran into problems because it was made of harder rock .
Most visitors skip this city , or only stay here a night while passing through .
Lots of then came back when they realized they had nowhere to run to .
I hated talking to you .
It is a mile long , each street spanning about a quarter of a mile .
I 've had to clean up oil base paint before , it is n't fun .
No one is willing to make the decision .
The green suit that he wore was actually Mr. Inglethorp 's which he stole from his closet a few days ago .
I thought I would like working on Liddy 's campaign the best .
He is very sure of himself .
Yanomamo is a terrorist .
There are no winners of the one year supply of Turtle wax .
I warn you again , that I can promise you no protection , as I feel that you probably underestimate the danger .
I do not deal with customers well .
It is especially beautiful during the monsoon season .
The monsoon season ends in the month of October .
In 2000 B.C.E the marble was highly desirable .
That is unwell .
White townsfolk in Salisbury , N.C. are easily convinced of things .
Divers do not like to explore the deeps here .
The water samples should be received .
The man moved near a flying spear .
She was not faithful to her own belief system .
I 've always had the proof that he did it .
Foreign companies had to take Italian money .
The man will be prepared .
It 's not likely you 'll forget that , right ?
The coat that she wore was long enough to cover her knees .
`` Are you sure we ca n't do anything to keep him here ? , '' admitted my long-time nemesis .
I spoke more harshly than I wanted to .
It has over 50 discount stores for designer fashion brands .
The museum is powerful .
The person says that there 's definitely a lot more hitting .
Hawaii was homogenous .
It was grounded in reality .
No evaluation is being done of risks .
Mr. Stephanopoulos has a very large pundit following due to his stance on air strikes only being politically palatable .
Initial net scale benefits are negative when adjusted for the wage premium .
It was incredibly strong and not brittle at all .
Regular beachgoers say that it is the best in Europe .
I do not remember .
Dorcas is well known for her bravery .
It is possible that they were going to law school .
What about matching programs ?
It is a terrible situation .
For drugs .
Most of the activities taken under the regulatory actions have been longer that 12 months .
I 'm no longer a student , so I do n't need the money anymore .
You never discuss retirement .
Henry R. Wray can be reached at -LRB-555-RRB- 512-8581 .
Your speeches are so calming .
Kodak was totally justified in expecting a victory .
The other roads are far too rural to provide mail service to .
Banks were able to stay afloat in some cases .
British magazines boycotted Kate Winslet .
The IRA contributes nothing to saving
There has been a substantial decrease in each of the emission categories .
Hello , Mary , have you gone anywhere recently , such as restaurants ?
Blacks proudly braid their hair .
His charges went down .
Nonautomated First-Class and Standard-A mailers can not ask for their mail to be processed by hand because it costs the postal service more .
The grounds were really beautiful .
Your foundation is being beamed away .
All of the emission categories experienced a downturn except for one .
I do not know about the bible or its scriptures .
Cultural festivals are out of context and do not feel as authentic as genuine feast day or wedding performances .
None of the visitors like to see it during the monsoon .
GAO solely investigated the activities of President Clinton 's Task Force on their own accord .
This marketplace testing ranges from informal to formal surveys .
This is something that I have to change .
Tony Snow has been the host on Fox News Sunday for four years .
Crosethe Rue De Rivoli to the Palais-Royal was built for King Louis XVI .
There was not enough food for all sadly .
I felt at ease around them .
The ringroad in Paris will take you to most destinations .
There are at least 100 things to sample at Whisky Heritage Centre .
The Jesuit thought that by converting the Asian people to Christianity , it would help them to expand their territory .
Nothing will affect Postal Service volumes across -- the -- board .
You had to be careful with what you wanted to protect .
Chapter 1 introduces Leonard Franklin Slye , the second one continues like this .
Sorrento used to be a fishing village .
What programs do your friends like to watch ?
If the company loses money on the policy then other insurers will copy them .
They did not see the attack coming .
The Tomb of Job Charnock is not in the church cemetery .
They refused to provide any support to the Congress .
This is a new angle at White House murder mystery .
Male children are considered to bring luck to the family .
The two buildings are on opposite sides of the city .
Tests are only acceptable when survival rates during controls come to at least 70 percent .
Imagine a state-run delivery firm trying to phase out the postal service .
It is very important for us to consider the implications of the these distinct roles on the issues .
The Academy of Fine Arts is a prominent school for all up and coming artists .
That is the focus of immigration .
Not all of it
My sons and daughter will be anchors on the Today show .
A company 's mission can be realized even without the alignment of resources .
You need the car several weeks later .
Dior era was known for sloping shoulders after the period of shoulder padding .
The sun was blazing in the sky , darkness nowhere to be seen .
It 's a fascinating explanation modern Israel 's violent past and at the end is the Scafelf Room where executions took place .
I always considered him to be a good player .
It was one hundred ten degrees in West Texas .
Thanks for calling me , Dana .
58 % of Columbia/HCA 's beds are empty , said the report .
The library has over 300 volumes , including 3 first editions .
Jane Finn is easily found but not often looked for .
In Asia I spent
You 'll find a scarcity of palaces and temples across India .
College was horrible and I hated it .
The downturn in the emission categories simply is n't enough in our estimation .
A few foreigners were confined to Dejima Island because they were dangerous .
They 're out to get us there in Large , you know .
Ca ` daan kept his word to Gray Cloud and borrowed Whitebelly from his uncle .
The path also leads to the ruins of a church .
The Results Act has strategic planning as a deleted feature .
There were going to be problems with the personal pronoun .
Both churches are still active today and serve large congregations .
The Northwest Justice Project and ProBonoNet in New York will hire more people to help poor residents .
The Pharaonic Village in Cairo does not sell papyrus .
I 've only visited the area in the spring .
Making certain distinctions is imperative in looking back on the past .
Lie back , and do not use your crazy mind .
Jon stabbed the man 's throat multiple times .
Mothers should nurse at night .
The rule will be put into effect as of January 1 , 2017 , in all 50 states .
It 's your turn .
AFFIRM recruits the top members in the management professions .
We have been asked to vote on the subject .
Trust , once built , is hard to lose .
Wallace was not reelected as governor .
He solved the issue within seven days , because he was so smart .
She gave the boy clothes , gifts and pony rides . That 's hard to compete with .
The factory showrooms are only for vendors .
Decline and decadence have a direct correlation .
We can sleep all day , since we do n't have any daytime feedings .
Octavius Decatur Gass refers to four people .
This is what Greenspan did in 1987 and what I think he will do again , much to the detriment of the economy .
These gardens belong to the governor 's mountain lodge .
He was n't embarrassed at all .
He knew that you 'd turned up your toes .
Employers have continued to operate motor vehicles , and that 's all that matters .
Programs to increase efficiency were consolidated .
Independence does not grant anymore options for them .
The time it takes is not very much .
North Carolina is a county
It is three miles from Jerusalem .
The matter of whether or not the Mass is a sacrifice for the remission of sins is controversial .
The FDA mostly received criticisms about the proposed rules and plan to use the criticism to find the plan 's current flaws .
A chick must hatch from an egg .
Table 1 also shows a picture diagram for each function .
Fish is an upbeat pragmatist .
I tied the car up for four nights but I had heartburn the entire time .
Purpose is not one of the six elements listed here .
Editors and reporters are tired of hearing about it since he has been vicious for long .
The local that tehy do n't show is local sports .
Aelia Capitolina enjoyed an innocuous history by staying off the maps of Romans and other empires .
Women converge on this place to light joss sticks and climb the rock .
If more people lived in the villages the development would skyrocket .
There is a button on the page that is easy to use .
It seemed difficult , keeping up with the buffaloes .
The chest was built over 200 years ago .
The Gaiety Theatre is decorated very ornately .
maybe I could volunteer to help with adult literacy or homework help for elementary schools but on the other hand , I 've already had children
No one thinks about human factors and I 'm not interested in IBM .
Derry knew nothing of cybernetics .
Grand Trianon palace was the residence of Louis XIV .
You are a sane genius , Beresford .
Are you from the U.S. ?
The philosophy was to seize opportunities when the economy is doing poorly .
Education about science .
Yeah they did an amazing job of making that person age through the years , except that last part .
Every republican presidential candidate has tried to avoid the question of creation .
Mainichi Shimbun was critical of Keizo Obuchi , the new Liberal Democratic Party Leader .
The flipper was here .
There is a full-time attorney at the Women 's Haven already .
You did not go to work today .
The name suggest that it is open to the public .
Channel 8 came here fourteen years ago , I still do n't watch it , but it 's doing great now .
No one watches nbc .
Hans Pfitzner did not write Palestrina , which will be performed in New York .
The rule has a significant effect on small entities .
And really old coins .
The Eglise Saint-Michel was built in the 8th century .
Everyone was able to remain in their homeland .
Montmartre has no life at night .
After four torturous years , Clinton finally gets how to avoid unpresidential behavior .
I fish in the boat and try catching any fish because I have trouble catching certain types .
Humans have capital .
I think that capital punishment should remain illegal .
The Leland Act defines the legal definition of what a household is .
Every republican presidential candidate answered the question of creation openly .
You have to charge you new credit card .
The creation apparently took a week , supposes the reading .
The simile was created by the manipulator .
You wonder if it 's possible to rehabilitate those types of people .
Dunnes Stores is a popular place for tourists to shop .
Many observers view it an extreme step to lower costs and increase efficiencies .
Do you have to get shade tolerant grass ?
They looked from the top of the cliff for the hole .
On Menorca , where cold winter winds limit the season 's length , this is especially true .
I do worry that it might be a bad lesson for the kids .
I was blind .
I never try to watch it .
Alexandria , founded by Alexander the Great , originally had a different name .
The Ford Escort worked even with a blown head gasket .
The Postal Service has very small scale economies .
I know everything there is to know about it .
Many things are shared between the Nixon culture and our own
I get a brand new car every couple of years .
Social Security benefits are useful for the worker in securing their retirement and financial freedom when they reach seniority .
Adrin 's arms were tangled , keeping his rusty blades away from Kal .
The church Kadifekale is located at the bottom of the hill .
She claimed not to be sentimental .
The unrest could be stopped quickly .
They will never get drugs , because the government passed a bill that prohobits all of them .
I 've never been to an aerobics class before .
It is not necessary to have a credit card .
Some scenarios allow for supplemental data to be used in lieu of primary data .
We do n't need more than one copy of your comments , either a diskette or writing will do .
To tax purists , the value of the homemakers ' hard work should be taxed , and my economy teacher agrees with that .
Were you awake ?
Do n't work yourself to death .
People looked down on the emperor for abandoning his duties and abdicating .
The departures help them take advantage of the low cost of living in the south .
You can try to do it if you 'd like to join .
The Sun makes millions every year off fake news .
A student visa overstayer will be high priority .
This information was developed thanks to extra federal funding .
She quickly ate his remains to steal all the nutrients for herself .
The authors of the recently introduced bill stated each agency would be required to match their operational methods to their particular situations .
These top dogs face two challenges .
`` We should n't worship our eggshells , why do we even have ceremonies at all ? '' asked Dave .
I 'm curious as to where you 're going .
No , you have not done very well .
There will always be a very real need for lawyers and attorney 's to practice law .
How will you destroy your potential employers ' gardens ?
Some weekly store sales turn out to be a year-round sale scams .
Japan became the local supplier for Korea .
You 're a living desert camel .
There are several major theories about why people save .
The Last Punditus Interruptus
The report details federal physical property
My mother was domineering since she filled in my father 's shoes .
The Ancient Egyptians found nothing of use in the Sinai .
I liked talking to you about sports .
L.A. does n't offer much of anything .
This does not lead to a final press-friendly quality of McCain ' brilliant flattery .
There are a number of nude beaches .
There are no remains visible from the ramp .
Agencies need sound financial and program information for good management .
He thought he did n't need anything to qualify .
White House murder mystery has other works before this one .
By morning , they would burn the village to the ground .
The award is given to different people every year .
I could care less if the music still existed .
I think that person was dark and shaven clean .
The investment led to a 60 percent growth in labor productivity .
The famous old pontoon bridge with its seafood restaurants , served from 1910 until 1992 .
Greuze did n't worry about needing protection .
She confessed to her cat , `` Sitting up at night is a rather jumpy experience . ''
The two islands still have many activities that are n't yet tainted .
You can travel light .
Who knows where they will turn up next .
The most picturesque part of the city is in the south .
You should buy into what was said .
Jon was feeling young and spry .
The award which Bailey was selected for several times in the past is going to handed out once a year .
This is an easy one .
Simpson through the unpredictable nature of the what will happen .
It was built in 105 BC by the Ptolomies .
Bradley is a pastor now .
There is regulation of the postal delivery service by the USPS .
The health program transformation is bad .
My kid will be doing a few hours for me .
Silly campaigns are being invented by dumb democrats .
GAO studies the best practices for knowledge in finance .
We 're Argentinean so we hate to eat any pasta or Italian food .
There is no way for the LSC to compile information about delivery systems .
GAO 's past work talks about achieving the first knowledge point .
Through my friend has not yet met the lift boy here .
It was exciting when we first came here .
The history of Istanbul is the subject of the show .
The shape of the face does n't change at all over the span of generations .
Thanks for all your help .
What he saw embarrassed him .
There are books that tell how and when each person was killed .
The population of Guangzhou has been growing out of control for the past century .
Our church has a garage sale each year .
He found a way to portray strength without putting troops in harms way .
The Vice President has sacked a few representatives .
Current generations ' increased saving would expand the nation 's capital stock , allowing future generations to better afford the nation 's retirement costs while also enjoying higher standards of living .
I think I will forget about that . You will need to remind me .
Agency which is responsible for the destruction of the environment .
The weather got away easily .
China had many more nuclear warhead than the US .
In medieval times , the fortress withstood many attacks .
Number 14 looked very innocent .
The lilac bushes grow so fast and latch onto everything around them , so they could prevent the trees from getting water .
Mr. Brown has made a plan for us to lead him .
Two qualified researchers looked into vehicular accident insurance claims .
There are many fine beaches along the shallow bays .
He is not capable to market his virtue , exploiting his legend .
This is never the case today .
If the roads are not in good condition , you will be provided an extra night 's stay for free .
It includes no description of what impacts or price will be exacted by emission control strategies .
Prior to becoming a Greek trading post the town was thought to have been a Macedonian fishing village .
The decision made no effect on our family .
It 's working out so far .
Bud White has been a cop for 4 years .
Poirot did n't think .
Everything was dark , and he could n't see a thing .
The LEarning Channel focuses on the male audience .
The line considered introduces the work it is referencing .
I have all of my travel plans set .
It started last year .
Think carefully and calculate your way to a certain victory .
Tuppence was worried that nothing could be done .
GAO 's system is ranked the best by most federal audit entities .
The Japanese slogan is Asia for the Japanese .
The only way for Assad to take care of the trouble is for him to die .
The program covers units covered by the nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program .
She moved swiftly , her face pale .
BLM 's performance plans are secret .
He took the fierce looking blade .
The river levels were rising .
For two hundred dollars he brought it to my home and set it up .
Slate should make an effort uncover the truth .
He got lost in circles of worry , and could not face his problem anymore .
Nothing changed .
The woman was unarmed .
The practical joke was played on them .
This chapter is in the advance category .
The double decker boats are all out of service , so they never leave the pier .
The AICPA fails to act on numerous occasions and will be dealt with swiftly .
Things have not been the same for Hawaii since 1820 .
Auditors should completely ignore any guidance offered by GAGAS .
Would you cook a turkey or chicken in a barbecue ?
Some practices were useless
Ca ` daan was getting sunburned .
The one we thought would be timid was the first one to learn how to climb without a harness .
They had found a lot of water pouring down from the mountains .
Our heroes are going after their academic goals .
The Journal asked `` Is this a good political move ? ''
We went to the office to see if there was anything we could rent .
The Fray is known as a hostile , rude , and mean place .
I 've never itemized before .
The man cited the Fourth Amendment .
Tommy handed Tuppence a red notebook .
I believe you can help a kid with college , but not pay for the entire thing .
It is possible that they have overestimated how far the CPI is off .
The NIT semifinals are held early in the morning on September 1 .
He is already that way .
The latest privileges are adequate
The document Management Using the Results Act and Quality Management to Improve Federal Performance was put in place on July 29 , 1999 .
Gates built his castle in the Seattle are because he likes the weather .
Pro-Apple analysts say that was a sacrifice for the company .
They have no knowledge of it themselves .
A cause for fan excitement can be wrecks .
Beatrice and Grace ended up in prison at the end .
I know what happened to chaos .
The rock is harder than most types of rock .
The chest was n't big enough to completely contain all of the garments .
Boca da Corrida Encumeada is a moderate text that takes 5 hours to complete .
I agree .
The narrows were renamed from Queensferry to Kingsferry .
If she was n't , how were they sure Jane Finn was in possession of the papers ?
You should pass up the opportunity .
The gears he examined were lined with jewels .
Stark had two swords stuck in his neck .
There is no mystery about spending .
It will never happen as long as there are congressmen and senators taking kickbacks from different companies .
IDPA 's OIG 's mission took 3 days to be written .
Nicholas Street becomes Patrick Street after turning left at the eastern end of Back Lane .
Less than a million people celebrated mass during Pope John Paul II 's visit in 1979 .
We have a female governor now , and she is going to go through with it .
The GAO has received many complaints due to lack of a website .
You might think of the possibility .
The Hearing Aid Compatibility Negotiated Rulemaking Committee is a product of the Federal Communications Commission .
I knew that about Lawrence all along .
I would cook and then the next turn would be his and we would try to outdo each other .
Scott Thomas was the FEC Chairman .
The tool is not for Internal Control Management .
Books that are rushed to press are usually shoddy .
Henry the Navigator personally signed off on the construction of each caravel that was used .
Windows 95 is a bargain .
I did n't much .
In August 2001 , there was personal communication between P. Croteau and Babcock Borsig Power about technology contracts for the coming year .
Channel 8 came here fourteen years ago from OKC and it 's doing great now .
Did you see that ?
The precise number of deletions was 71 .
There is regulation of the postal delivery service .
You should get to work soon so you do n't get in trouble .
Leading organizations want to be sure their processes are successful .
The sculptures present in the temple and all modeled after Greek gods .
She told him to give it to her .
I 've lived in Massachusetts for the past eleven years because of my mother .
Windsurfing equipment is available for hire in Tel Aviv all year round .
Human capital management has to be at the center of the changing effort
Star Wars can be seen in theaters .
Most salamanders ca n't stir a fire that deep .
In August 2001 , there was personal communication between P. Croteau and Babcock Borsig Power .
We are going to stay at a fancy place where they have put in some money .
Men have lower levels of masculinity than in the decade before now .
This popular show is unrelated to the origins of Bellogio 's water display .
Bob Dole stated that Clinton had no right to privilege for actions not involving the presidency .
The Pantheon can be found immediately around the corner .
Our children played a huge role in making this decision .
You would n't like to visit historic places , museums , and art galleries , would you ?
Clinton 's supporters were pleased with how the hearings went .
People will live longer if they get plenty of fresh air .
Florence became Savonarola 's new home .
We are able to work with the new feature on our own .
Santorini has smaller sibling islands that are worth exploring .
It does n't get it .
An email wo n't cut it .
None of the models are based on the industry-recognised ones .
Staffing levels at the ports are maintained or increased as headquarters ' staff is streamlined .
The beach is rocky and terrible .
The US was n't a net creditor until after 1986 .
The girls was at least eighteen years old , but not much older .
The Postal Service does not have a lot of market power .
Agra 's monuments are being damaged by pollution .
The oilskin would be good for several months of use .
The new system has nothing to do with invoice payments .
Specific approaches to each principle is the same in each sector .
Exercise is n't supposed to make you that sore .
Cloud computing may be a serious challenge to desktop market .
NHTSA 's note came out at the critical time , and helped avert a major crisis .
Store owners are always honest .
We do n't ever see the temperature get into the hundreds .
Ca ` daan kept his word , leaving Whitebelly and borrowing Gray Cloud from a relative .
The man told the other man that Bill would be sent to him .
It could be two months .
News argues that all of America 's volunteers are doing a lot of good .
It 's not anything
Can you drink hot soup ?
The AILA joined the ACLU in requesting the information .
There are many Gothic and Renaissance buildings there .
When we went to Delaware , we would usually see the ocean .
The water samples are received by the lab .
They were so excited .
No one decides to go to Molokai and Lanai .
Communists assisted America 's government during the Cold War .
It would n't count for anything if we rallied behind a female candidate .
Many arguments and negotiations go into each edition of DSM .
An entrance conference is held with specialized agencies .
There 's a lot of huge villas all the way along , but they seemed to get more and more thinned out and bigger and bigger until we reached the largest and most secluded one that seemed to be the last .
The train was n't moving but then it started up .
Vatican II led to a greater centralization of power within the Catholic church .
He secretly did not want to be asked for help .
The door into Mr. Inglethorp 's room has a strong lock .
Load time is comprised of three parts .
Was it candle grease ?
I do n't agree with sociologists .
There was a terrible attack during a 16-day reign .
Democrats rarely have any political relevance .
They consider the West African music to be worldly since they do not rely on folk styles .
During the most popular hours was when things came to a standstill .
Many tapes were taken in the white house
The experiment ended with Ahkenaten 's death .
People like billiards because it 's relaxing .
The man winked .
Hanson took it and threw it aside , knowing it was useless .
It 's a hilarious story .
The entity will receive appropriate compensation for forfeited property .
Her eyes widened as she smiled .
There is nothing left of the Ocho Rios Fort .
Severn was happy being poor .
There is evidence that many people solicited funds from a federal building .
Slate talks about how Bush is ashamed of his cliches .
Auditors do not need to be proficient in AICPA standards
Argentineans are fond of pasta because many of its citizens are Italian descendants .
There is nothing special to Hindus about the water of the Varanasi .
On the west end of the square is the Old King 's House which was built in 1762 .
The sleeping draught was not harmless , as it gave her violent diarrhoea .
With more money , it would mean that we could have educated people about cold calling .
He was crying like he had his heart broken .
Do n't treat yourself , Si has to pay for that .
He ca n't remember the last 12 years of his life
It is all about waiting .
I was thinking about strangeness of a piece of brown paper being in that spot .
It 's better to prevent some of the strain on the health care system by limiting pollution but the political capital is n't necessarily there .
The South African priest had communicated with Clinton via telephone .
Press has taken interest in South Park jokes .
The open-air market is more traditional and interesting .
Now go .
The manicurist does great work .
It 's good to have an animal the kids can play with .
Every one of them is quotations from the Old Testament .
A bigger contribution means to support candidate Y.
All of them
They wanted to make a case for how to save on electricity .
Her skin was falling off because of the red moon .
I continued on my way
The date is right there , it says May 9th .
The contrast between the highlands and the coast were easily marked .
Like when the reporter doorsteps a person on their way out the door .
The Illinois Equal Justice Foundation just received money and manpower from the Illinois General Assembly .
The H-2A worker is being forced to enter the country for work .
Not all of the animals
I would cook and he never would , it always turned out to be a chore .
By morning , they would burn to the ground .
Tuppence admitted something .
Indian foods are kosher now too .
Their traditional life is holding them back .
Oh wow , go on .
The Postal Service would 've provided more detail if it had n't been for the lack of resources .
My mother made me take over the things that my dad fell short it .
You were given up for dead after we lost you in the desert for three weeks .
Everybody may be approved if they fit the qualification
Slate wo n't be published much this summer .
The archaeologists inspecting the site have all but ruined it because of their digging .
Dublin 's pubs are worth seeing even if you are n't a drinker .
The administration of Rao in general was profoundly corrupt .
I had stood my ground for days , but I broke down and started crying .
Blankley replies , there are no fundraisers in other parts of the country to raise `` the conservatives are coming '' .
Waters ' tax records show he earned a blue ribbon last year .
The governors were angry men
Triple A covers my car out of state as well .
I hope that you can remember that forever .
The Enhanced Carrier Route was canceled in 1995 .
Upon calling his boss 's home service , the politician did n't take too kindly to a message from an ` admirer ' .
I work at Boeing instead of TI .
They were using cheat codes so they had unlimited bullets .
It has been reported by The Star that Jodie Foster is pregnant with twins through artificial insemination .
The doctor believed that the theory was correct .
They did not ask , and so , they do not know .
There is a palace which can be toured in Honolulu .
The guidelines are given so that reviewers can have consistent results .
This is an actual verified number of closed cases .
There is no Black problem at all .
Trial Living Things
I am content so far .
It was suggested that part of the reasons for the Commission 's decision were financially-motivated .
You have every right to be asking for me this way .
What is your best ?
A secret needs two people .
Critics compared the music to deranged caterwauling cats .
Are you just friends ?
The baker was n't very cheerful because he was sick .
The girl in the photo has freckles and red hair .
She could see through them all .
Be sure to keep a shade umbrella with you during the Summer .
For himself he chose Piety .
It was a spiritual event .
Judge Newton had heard the second point numerous times .
They are now mostly using credit cards for transactions .
The codes have caused some of my friends to become Orthodox .
Stark got buried in a big hole .
Good Oklahoma has a program to fund lawyers .
My acquaintances shied away from becoming Orthodox because of the codes .
They do n't do that because it 's not allowed .
That was the goriest most true to life thing I 've ever seen and I think that 's gon na psychologically affect me for a long time .
The Sinai was a source of gold for the Ancient Egyptians .
My legs will never heal .
Can i help you with that order ?
You ca n't find anything at the open-air market .
The library is the smallest estate in Jamaica , with only three books .
AC Green is a steadying influence on the court .
Jon continued on into the mountains .
The cost at the dealer 's garage is twice as much as what I paid .
They were expecting it to be less stable .
A profile crowns Chris Rock the Funniest Man in America , but many disagree .
A martini must be composed by gin and vermouth .
The fund account has five different tiers .
Since the reef has been bleached and rendered lifeless by global warming , it 's no longer possible to see sea life in the cloudy water .
There is more than one side .
hello stop upsetting me
Race should always be considered in judicial decisions .
Summer brings with it swarms of people .
Reagan had tried to shutter the DOE but was unable to .
Federal government saving affects economic growth .
John was attracted to the farmer 's pretty wife .
My departure was n't properly planned .
He shrugged .
Independent evidence that supports information in the database is called corroborating evidence .
Mr. Clinton appreciated Mr. Knight for his fund raising .
Adventurous tourists are always disregarding the tourist offices .
In the end the judge made a bad decision since he imprisoned someone innocent .
Piccadilly Circus station .
They all ran and never looked back .
You 'll find plenty of authentic , old-world restaurants on that street .
Tommy 's appetite was huge .
We are very obsessed with watching TV programs .
The churches looked very similar .
Wayang Siam is the most popular form of shadow theater .
Watch out that you do not bump your head on the overseer .
The entity should not be seen , only heard .
Interestingly enough , every item is a vampire ward and keeps the vampires at bay .
It is definitely not arrogant to have them coming to us
Simpson in the future and the past .
There were ten times as many of the Sultan 's armies than Byzantines but they still lost .
They never wanted you , but they ended up getting you anyways .
No one has any good ideas .
Lakshmi , the goddess of good fortune likes to treat people to nice surprises .
Let 's leave it here for someone else to find .
The maharaja allowed the British to build houseboats on the lakes .
He is the one they always have starting .
The OIM is hoping to revise the Grant Renewal Application to reduce the LSC 's ability to request information .
They braid their hair to keep it out of the way during combat .
That could definitely happen in a sane world .
They were my favorite team since I was a child .
It was n't worth anything .
Usually there 's a 10 minute time limit , but they 'll say you have a few seconds to go !
Co-requesters can not approve more co-requesters .
Whisky Heritage Centre was shut down during prohibition .
Severn said the people were always welcome there .
Rodrigo never became pope and was childless .
There are plenty of interesting sights and experiences here .
The little kid understand it perfectly .
Despite the recent employee crashes , the employers ignored the signs .
The paper shows , the journalists exposing potential conflicts of interests around politicians , but never exposing other journalists .
With it 's drab and plain columns , the Hypostyle hall at Kom Ombo is basically ignored by visitors .
It will be reconfigured in January .
The chances of finding jobs in the field of live-in domestics is low .
I am a fit person with 1.4 % body fat .
Julius said good bye at the car .
Agency officials need to identify the components that helped them .
There are no festivals held in the month of April in Tokyo .
Every emperor thought to be reluctant towards Fujiwara .
The only explanation is that nothing has taken control of medicine .
The Shalom Tower is north of the Yemenite Quarter .
Wow , it lasted in the box office for so long , I 'm surprised .
He winced and apologized for any confusing speech , sometimes .
Tuppence had altered his appearance as not to be immediately recognized .
He said that I had no instincts .
I switched my major last semester .
Intel has never had a disappointing earning report .
It said the Nile flood was 12 feet deep .
Chapter 1 shows general info
You need to pass through it on foot .
EIA used the standard technology assumptions to develop the AEO2001 reference case projections for the post office .
Who are these people ?
The counsel for his defence did not impress me in any way .
I sat down on the table and started laughing out loudly .
Only a little explanation was needed .
She just used a phone modem and it was like she was sitting in the office .
You probably hate it , do n't you ?
He was freaked out .
I have been through the same experience , madam .
EIA used the standard technology assumptions to eliminate the AEO2001 reference case projections .
A 1984 Poll concluded NewsHour is seen as the most credible newscast by the public and that it is the most popular .
Tuppence , showing careful consideration , said `` I understand '' .
For three years , we had three Danes .
It is necessary for these audits and evaluations to be performed at least once a year .
The Technology Evolution project was founded in 1992 .
He 's well-known in writing circles as a hack who is willing to sell out to the highest bidder .
Also , questions can require nested case studies , so wrap your heand around it .
The six principles fell into two distinct sets .
It can get up to 30 degrees Celsius in the summer .
Public health authorities believe that people should eat kale many times a week .
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 focused mainly on SEC filings , and ignored internal controls and reporting completely .
Land of Lincoln , a network of eight offices and 40 lawyers providing pro bono and reduced cost legal services in Illinois , will be significantly impacted by the cuts .
There are no audio facilities near the coffee bar and cafe .
Driving is a fast experience with no downfalls .
The village has a restaurant .
It would n't have mattered if Britain got involved .
Another quarter billion dollars or more was earmarked to pay down debt .
People receive many more items in the post if they have a computer in the house .
They love their new sports car .
Carmel Man is n't alive today .
The Azalea Festival is the largest festival in the world .
She is very tired from her long day .
More Indians than foreigners go to the beach at Puri .
it was earnt
Text about GBP and USD .
Critics are reluctant but ultimately they are forced to respect the Vienna Modernist .
White townsfolk in Salisbury , N.C. think it sounds convincing .
This is a moment of American triumphalism .
The runs would be a bigger cost than the improvement in service would bring .
Publishers say one things about Times ' drawing of lists from bookstores , while Times claims a different story .
Special permissions are required to alter the data .
The hoi sin sauce makes the vegetables taste much better .
The way the islands are called is based on the force of the wins they experience .
How will you contact your potential employers ?
His associates ' boss was operating at the level of the metaphor .
This estimate is likely to be lower , or conservative .
Scutari is generally linked with Florence Nightingale .
He left in the spur of the moment whilst we were talking , which was quite rude .
The Hypostyle Hall is the main sight to see at Kom Ombo , featuring striking colors which are preserved with a chemical agent .
37 hectares is equivalent to just over 90 acres , and is the size of the gardens above the Wag Wag River .
There are six applications for the case studies of pollutants .
The Italians have the best design sense in the world .
They were fragile and could not leave a scratch .
The rules were issued as interim rules and not general notices of proposed rulemaking .
It is difficult to catch some bugs .
Without the Nile river , Egypt could not exist .
There is nowhere I want to go .
Wade Cook wrote The Book on Cook .
Clothes criticism is not serious .
It does n't scare me .
It is understandable because I have broken your trust numerous times .
Social values were not taken into consideration during the DSM 's creation .
Although he was disliked by educated young Turks , Sultan Abdul Hamid II was loved by the older generations .
Mercury control from power plants does not required AC .
He was attracted by the waterfalls and river .
Jobs clung to an idea .
Is there a matching program ?
Probably it just was n't achievable to begin with , no new taxes , with the way the economy is right now that is a absurd thing to do
Text box 4.1 is the only place where you can find out about the differences between NIPA and unified budgets .
I think it was Sherlock Holmes ?
it was not deserved at all
Two golden calfs , carrying out capitalist principles , laugh at customers .
Everything is fine and I have nothing on my mind .
I entered the shack , bidden by her -- the runes of warding would have surely sent me away otherwise .
The process to becoming a man is long and difficult .
Change it before typing it in .
The lawn mower will sink into the mushy lawn and pull up the grass .
The government is flawed and unfulfilled .
I suppose you can get over that .
Safed is a village that goes by numerous other names .
The State and Federal courts are the same regardless of location .
`` Ocho Rios '' means eight rivers in Spain 's national language .
The person was going to attend on August 12 .
Taking the plane will give you more departure timing options than the ferry .
I am cross-stitching whilst sitting on the sofa when suddenly a man places his hand on my door knob .
She asked about him .
Environmental quality has no impact on the life expectancy of people who are already old .
This person I 'm close to is an emergency room nurse at a hospital in North Carolina .
The figure of 4 million is likely to rise in the coming years .
I used to know , now I do n't .
The interior is well suited for those with cardiac issues .
The paint is completely different to the brand I had originally picked .
I did my best to understand it .
Employer sponsored pension plans give workers money so that they can save for retirement .
He did n't look like an amateur
On the square outline .
Budgetary resources refers to the ways in which the agency is allowed to manage its budget .
How would they know that Jane Finn had lost the papers ?
They mentioned at least two shifts , one at night , the other at 6am .
Which radio station plays a lot of contemporary Christian music ?
Mainichi Shimbun approved of Keizo Obuchi 's efforts toward improving the economy .
The state parks are almost always kept in good condition .
SCR installs do n't have NOX SIP to comply with .
Intel has had many disappointing earning reports .
Programs that have a successful schedule and revenue do this .
We should take a break from this .
Land owned by parks does not have a value .
Across the street from a Burger King .
The statement does not say anything about Christ 's death on the cross .
I think she wrote it when she was drunk one night .
That 's cool .
It 's not something that can be made illegal .
Will you tell the truth ?
The way she wrote it is n't interesting at all .
LSC does not follow a state model , and focuses on federal delivery systems .
It moved softly in his hand , alerting him to the presence .
The well-known pub was named after a burglar .
I have also , and I found it boring .
There are n't any dates on it ?
Richer people might have a tax increase .
Jon stabbed the man in the throat once and then stabbed the man in the chest .
I have also , and I found it real interesting .
The pundits could not get enough of them .
There is a question of who should go first .
The benchmark is notable .
President Clinton was n't exercising his Constitutional powers when he made the request .
Tommy stopped playing .
The government needs to create incentives to get and retain employees .
There are piles around the hole .
The Massabielle quarter is a very touristy place .
The French ended up with control over the salt pound .
They were sitting across from each other at breakfast .
There is only an upside to anthem 's check
It is absolutely correct .
I jumped while wearing a coat .
Grantees are afraid of wasting the LSC 's time .
The emotional effect includes feelings of horror and dismay .
I 'm really happy that I work in a store .
IDAs are special in that low-income savers receive matching funds from federal and state governments .
He 's never shirked from the draft , even when it was most dire .
The girl was the man 's daughter .
The name of the islands are based on their topography .
Ibizan folklore is available in a written format .
The students reacted with horror .
The Western Wall has always been a Heritage Site .
They look really old even though they 're new .
This text displays how GDP and GNP is calculated .
i had no where to hide .
Clinton 's supporters were embarrassed by the news .
An investigative journalism cover story , investigated how the Pentagon disposes of surplus weapons .
Flodden Wall was built in the late 18th century .
The Czesiek had plenty of experience .
Nash had too many nasty pictures on Instagram .
The Supreme court upheld the ban because South Carolina has no right to make referendums .
DO you want a cup of tea ?
We stayed vigilant .
Toobin spoke through a random House spokesman .
There is a clear ending to this exercise , and it 's fast approaching .
There is a need for everyone to be personally and professionally visible .
They looked all over the cliff , looking for the hole .
The two actors acted well .
Documenting nonjudgmental information can pose more difficulties than documenting the basis for judgments .
I determined to prove him wrong .
I feel that you do not underestimate the danger , and therefore I do not need to warn you .
Monte is a location devoted solely to pious devotion .
NBA commissioner has given the same quote to everybody , but he also talked about other things .
There is nowhere to shop in the city .
Section 414 helps higher allowance allocations for each unit .
They kept him at Rand even though he was arrested
Always respectful of Jesus .
Pippens and Iverson are penguins .
The speaker is excited by the situation .
You should n't be speaking out against it .
As a result , she was revered by her subjects as a living deity : one among many .
It had no basis , just pure speculation .
That is n't their signal .
The person told not to come until December .
I will not hang him .
The children can just go to daycare .
What is your opinion of gum chewing in public ?
Was it not good ?
Joe Lovano did n't contribute anything to Friendly Fire .
She was cancer free at 29 years of age .
He believed Mademoiselle Cynthia guiltyand you were unaware ?
Troues had two outlet centers which sell clothes and home accessories .
In the classical Greek era , Alonissos was highly regarded .
Jamus was blinded by the sandstorm .
Ferdinand started his transformation by emancipating the peasant class .
She was sitting on a red chair .
It costs more for suits that you can not wash yourself .
He disputed that we should provide the most we can with the least amount of harm .
We can completely ignore the implications of the roles on mobility .
There is an art museum with a superb collection of 16th-century Mughal miniatures that the Varanasi Hindu University .
The Technology Evolution project is located in Florida .
Aside from the numerous Peace Corps volunteers , I did n't know many Americans there .
The beauty of the chateau can be attributed to the hard work that the designers had placed in its design .
I will not continue to outline any more problems .
I ca n't remember , I did my undergraduate education .
The 28 statues were erected during the French Revolution .
It was designed to be a smaller version of the Parthenon .
they should let go all non-violent offenders
The NIPA measure reflects how government savings affects national saving available for invest , but the unified budget measure is more commonly used .
Your speeches upset people .
It is one of us , I told John .
It was a large crowd for a party .
We have to look at the base again .
We do not own an Atari and never have .
My group was one of the first to get laid off last year .
That 's convenient .
Pieces are unloaded and fed into machines to sort
My kids are hungry and need to be fed dinner .
The water samples were never received .
They could not have done anything to help .
He does not open .
The 18th century caravanserai is now a hotel .
He lived in Kingston , but he came from a tiny village .
The scenery is unique and ca n't be found anywhere else .
Tuppence did n't have well-known handwriting , it was n't recognizable as her note .
The state parks have six shelters on their grounds .
It 's two strikes because they are n't putting any skin in the game either .
The opt-out approach has never increased how much Texas attorneys can contribute in the last twenty years .
The two cities did not have a railway between them .
They show different types of highland dress .
He raised his arm to protect his eyes from the glare .
GAO evaluators should not have much more difficulty with the chain of evidence .
They used salt to cure fish and sent it back home .
War history of Ibiza
If the situation is that , you should wait to kill them .
He 's not worried about the trees . Lilac bushes take a long time to grow .
That 's the second time you 've made that sort of remark and I do n't need anymore reminders .
Text box 4.1 does not explain anything about NIPA .
The research says that the acceleration in labor productivity is due to the investment in information technology .
The Fray is almost always a hostile , rude , and mean place .
Despite the predicted increases in food production , less-developed African nations will improve or decline .
LASNNY is an old legal services organization .
They wanted to share what they have already researched .
everybody in the USA is approved already
It is alright that they do n't play well in the preseason , since it does n't matter .
He was trying to accost them .
If my kid stole from others , it would be because he thinks they are too rich .
`` Are we definitely going to be successful ? ''
Every output has some kind of resource .
The Moody Blues are absolutely my favorite band .
It was a very crappy job they did as they tried to make him grow up through the years .
These men were two thousand miles from home when they filed their final exams .
Some weekly store sales turn out to be a year-round sale scams that frustrate the previous customers .
This is officially the solution .
Before colonizing the southern regions , the Greeks conquered the northern regions .
Mardi Gras is also sometimes known as Shrove Tuesday .
I 've never thought about how they kept up .
Arafat is in good health and has a clear line of succession in place .
The reason for the programs ' close proximity to each other is the similarities of their programs .
Japan had no intention of progressing its Asian neighbors in the area of language .
She hardly needs to mention it
The Iraq war battlefield often contained many oil fields .
This site is a special portal for people who wish to make anonymous complaints about auditors .
The environment and American consumers are better off as a result of this regulation .
Kal and Thorn were furious at the villagers .
A non-member can receive promotional items if they are from Spain and do not travel .
The lake district is open 24/7 .
The wrongful death suit was filed by the baby 's father .
I was born and raised in Alaska and am unemployed .
For more sweeping panoramas , you can go swimming in the canyon .
News says that a lot of America 's volunteers are not helping .
LSC has a deadline of October 1,1998 to submit state planning reports .
34 was the average number of public school students expelled last year each school day .
The fourth title in the CAA related to acid deposition .
She owed nothing .
I hate racial jokes .
It 's been argued that pro-life posters are seeking to humanize the unborn through these depictions .
There are some questions that may or may not need to be tailored to .
The hosts were Norman and Colleen ; and , they did a marvelous job .
Government ability to compel payment is something that politicians have traditionally been reluctant to exercise .
`` We do n't do much , so maybe this would be good for us to bond and be together for the first time in a while . '' .
There are 5 differant meats in our sabbath foods .
A few foreigners were left free after the purge on foreigners .
Every republican presidential candidate tend to be of the same religion .
That sounds really stupid .
There is more mail coming in than going out .
The French map of 1778 shows the theater of war between the British and Americans .
You can ride a roller coaster there that goes high up .
`` I 'm attending the dinner dance and will eliminate some people , '' the boy said .
You will find it lacking .
It is best for a thief to be dumb .
I do n't think there 's a chance of us ever meeting again .
Get something from someone or the Guess Who if you really want .
Great actors can assimilate themselves into their roles .
The doctor and the Coroner decided not to give us the tip .
The doctor could only help us through the Coroner .
Chinese antique 's value change not always from age .
Will is such an expert in explaining the details of baseball .
The wagon man had committed a crime .
I do n't believe that for a second .
The globalization of economies is not reflected in global accounting standards .
I want to join you on this course and forget about the risks .
The poor Greeks should n't have had to leave their homes .
Israel could 've killed Saddam and saved everybody some trouble .
These democrats will do anything to get pro-life to become nationwide .
Mr. Franklin was not adjusting very well to the situation .
There was no justification for The Joint Venture as it was unsuccessful .
Hillary Clinton used the bully pulpit to speak out against drug use .
My honest friend expressed gratitude upon hearing that the man would be leaving .
We do not have the radio on during the day so I like to read the news to stay current .
Most H-2A aliens are from somewhere beyond Mars orbit .
They always reach their potential and become successful .
The town did not have anything worth reporting on the radio about local events .
The museum is only ever open in the afternoon .
A stunning six foot blonde woman sat at the bar with the men after work .
He stared off the edge at the beginning .
I would like to do it again .
Critics regard the Vienna modernist with zero praise to this day .
It was a good event .
The men are here , he said .
Ille de R has been controversial in recent years .
The data would be included in individual reports concerning the constituent units of the federal government .
She did n't want anyone to enter the room .
Those who study human misery will savor the sadness and futility .
That 's the reason I procured it .
Mr. Inglethorp , you have heard your wife 's last words here .
It was edging on dark and light , but it was most certainly still not morning .
There is no association between Florence Nightingale and Scutari .
We will not be able to show you the entrance to the Sandal Bedesten because of construction .
The burden is enough for first class mail to handle .
The regulations were created over the course of more than two hundred years .
Her skin was painfully glowing from the red moon .
Since they are independent , they have more things to do .
What do you think about our new governor being a female ?
The situation is shitty .
There is no need for the analyses to attempt to meet any informational requirements .
She thought that the sleeping draught she took could cause no harm .
The rules were issued as interim rules and not general notices of proposed rulemaking , so they do n't have to follow all the laws .
It 's fairly cheap and mundane .
The remaining homes that have not been converted are still home to many locals .
These are all cases today .
You may have to search a bit before you find one that works for you .
The Kal then shook its head side to side .
The rate of processing is way higher than the rate of housing to upset the system .
It holds 70,000 people .
Academics are a good goal to strive for .
Legal Services of New Jersey is one of the named defendants in the case .
First evidence of pre-Roman Etruscans .
The witch was nothing more than a tall tale to scare little children .
Control activities happen everywhere in the entity .
The people at the tourist office are friendly and well-informed .
I have my family here living with me .
They had the volunteers do data entry to help track contributions .
People will listen to recorded messages on the telephone because they are polite .
There are no cliffs around Possum Kingdom and no where to ski .
Some actions were implemented for being shorter than 12 months .
It cost me about $ 1000 to fix .
TI is the tourism international society .
There is n't a legend here .
It was over fifty years ago .
She mentioned approaching the law with a holistic approach /
His son was losing interest in everything .
Americans just throw away 12 percent of what they buy at gas stations .
The Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the Small Business Administration did not actually receive either of these analyses .
He leaned over Tommy , with thrill in his face .
Tuesday is the day that the aggressor will act .
He had a lot of experiences going on .
Sick and elderly people travel here from all over the country , and even from other countries .
the right agency employees , help fix
They 're excited about the zoo .
He crashed his car because the tires burst .
Carter was excited .
He went back to his previous thoughts about violence .
Unable to be reached on Friday .
The NLADA sent Saunders .
Normandy and Brittany were the epicentres of the Huguenot movement .
We have no tickets waiting for us .
The steps we have taken put programs for the employees in place .
I assumed that it was two o'clock in the morning .
When he was appearing , Boris looked at the clock and said , ` You are early . '
The wares are made of cotton and coarse fabric .
When Edinburgh ceased to be a political capital in the early 18th century , local political figures protested for a change in their infrastructure .
He portrayed strength by putting the US troops in harms way .
This is Bob .
The design was completely original and uncopied .
Your girl wrote that your farewell activity did n't go well .
Dior was known for their exquisite blazers with thick heavy shoulder pads .
Cost assignment is a process that identifies cost with activities , objects or cost objects
I wish they were daughters of eggs .
`` Not entirely , '' I snapped back at my boss .
Alcohol related events that contribute to disease are often unreported by patients to their insurance companies .
The Vice President 's representatives went further and demanded an apology from the GAO .
Jesus ' birth has been dated to around 10 B.C.
Yes , I remember .
She had an impatient tone when she spoke to him .
Couples with children are constantly looking for ways to make more money .
Establishing global accounting and reporting standards will result in better information sharing .
I think it is something that we need .
There are tickets we have that are waiting for us .
I was displeased with your actions and I do n't think you deserve a thank you .
Interest is almost always expressed in terms of percent .
Some judgments about race are made very quickly .
There is a bookshop that sells 1000 different books .
Improving government readiness was aided by the GAO who issued a good amount of reports .
They have a bar , which is always packed .
The cloister overlooking the ocean is a nice spot to meditate and reflect .
Inexperienced explorers should take care to avoid dangerous areas of the north .
Tuppence 's face showed disapproval .
Design of military aircraft is one of the town 's biggest industries .
The transformations between steps are explained .
Fast emission reduction is bad .
He might run in a general election for governor while he is a conservative Democrat .
The rule is subject to change .
Jon told Susan to stay where she was .
Monsieur Poirot is a long time enemy of mine ; I hate her .
The appraiser did not like it one bit .
500,000 Irish died and 100,000 were deported due to his ruthless campaigns .
the referenced organization does not have a senior management division .
I know it amused Shuger to join the people ripping Linda Tripp apart , since he hated her as well .
The interior of the place is extremely bright , so bring a camera and snap a few pictures .
Even if you 're correct , I think the jury would pick up on that .
Be in a bad mood .
You 're the Top Porter does justice to the text 's potential for realism .
Each building has a significance to their worship .
At a later date the company informed us they canceled the program .
The people had no complaints after settling their new lands .
Big publishers want to produce more high budget films , even if that means badly selling books .
They had a lot more bullets than we did .
`` The Man Nobody Knows , '' by Bruce Barton , was never a best seller .
Some analysts wanted to make the old standards less restrictive for investors .
the Henry Kaiser foundation shows that people like their healthcare
You have to dig them up every five years , throw them away and start all over again but it 's worth it .
The reason we did not have more conferences was not a money issue .
Pollution is very dangerous to our health .
The defeat of Napoleon .
There are six main buildings , all painted beige .
Infants are allowed to feed at night during their first months .
The park is okay and the views of the mountains are just okay .
I saw him a few times and I thought that he was hiding something and is scared to be found out .
I refused to even consider it .
Americans only save 1 % of their income .
The report details nonfederal real estate
There is no difference between diamonds , all having the same properties .
There would be a lot of enjoyment and I think it 's really feasible for the country .
IDPA 's OIG 's mission is clear and cares about payment programs .
We hope to get a lot more gardening done now that the rain has stopped .
HCFA did identify many other executive orders
The numbers are very similar .
That 's a lie .
Erving was a new attorney who did n't have a lot of courtroom experience .
You do not believe that it will serve as a deterrent
John Kasich dropped out of the presidential race .
The small number will go into a larger sum over time .
The rocks at the beach are n't really worth a visit .
It was built to bring water to the city .
He looked like a brave young man who is never afraid of anything or anyone .
Shortly after stepping out on the bridge , Jon felt the wobbly walkway narrow .
Judge Newton had never heard that complaint before .
While the revisionist case has always been held in high regard , it has never made any serious points about the United States economic interests .
In all honesty , the rights recently put in place are nowhere near enough
Do not put any garlic or hot pepper in it .
By the time I turned the curve I was too late to see him admitted into the house , and could only hear the bell .
They managed to reach a shrubbery close by without issue .
We bought non-sale items in Memphis on credit .
Some movies , like Chima Para Diso , are shown for free .
I enjoy older music .
On top is a lake , there are n't any plateaus there .
I 'm sorry . We do not have any pictures to show you at this time .
There are no cost differences , according to John Panzar , between one or multiple firms delivering to a customer .
This was a really hard one .
To tax purists , the value of the homemakers ' hard work should not be taxed .
Time and money take precedence over the performance of the weapon system itself .
She laughed about the situation even though she was annoyed .
Even with every trip to the store , it never becomes a temptation .
I 'll warn you despite your protests .
The Legal Services Corporation has never considered the needs of the poor .
Vendors have lined the streets with torches and fires .
Competitors spend more litigating around workshare than the Postal Service spends analyzing costs associated with worksharing .
Newt Gingrich promised that information wo n't ever be shared online .
The Scotland Yard men were coming .
Lawyers often move to larger firms because they will work for less pay .
Koreans and Japanese have been mutually hostile for a long time , but are now trying to be mutually peaceful .
It was perfectly normal .
Tim Russert , host of Meet The Press took his Christmas vacation five days sooner .
Not open on Friday .
He looks like he needs two days of sleep .
The fire in 1970 did no damage to the Bateau-Lavoir studio .
When it comes to therapy services the policies and procedures are not relevant .
The French and Dutch settlers preferred a tax on imports .
It is not the optimal approach .
There might be some lectures in the very full docket of events .
R&D is made up of .
The employee got their job back after the discrimination case was settled .
They were very relaxed .
Breaking it down into 6 elements has always been helpful for students and professionals .
He went back in just a few moments .
There are ten factory showroom in the Pedder Building .
There is a radical side effect that was intended .
The cold weather makes me sick , thus I am not fond of it .
The huge number of deletions caused a ruckus .
There are fifteen necessary steps which should be taken .
European members of NATO might consider the US 's efforts to be less credible .
I hope that this summer will be hot , since I 'm holidaying in the UK this year .
I 'd love to get involved more with it .
The iron gate was rusty and it was swinging .
The paper said so .
It was dangerous that we let our guards down .
Slot machines are called hungry tigers because of how fast they take a gambler 's money .
They may be defending other cultures despite not wanting to .
Economic theory is the only theory concerning mortality valuation .
Those games are a lot of fun .
Turkey was part of the Ottoman Empire until 1923 .
Aegean life never succeeded .
There are only a couple of people are on death row .
Current generations ' increased saving would expand the nation 's capital stock , allowing future generations to more easily afford the nation 's retirement costs while also enjoying higher standards of living .
She is very lazy with her sauce and could n't care less what goes into it .
If he does a big strike , many people will suffer .
The strictest reading supposed that the creation took seven days .
The real Japan can be found .
If people ca n't readily withdraw money from tax-preferred accounts for purposes other than retirement , there is no assurance that tax incentives would improve retirement security .
The Left Behind series is about people converting to Christianity .
Ca ` daan did not follow his own advice .
The castle itself does not contain any early 17th-century tower houses .
Gross did not have to pay any money for advertising .
Decline in elasticity of demand moved from 0.36 to 0.25 over the same period .
Research suggests the FDA 's opinion is wrong .
Expectations are low for the event on the back of Santa Claus 's absence due to health concerns .
Those games are really boring .
It started the rise of the British Empire in India .
They made accusations about the platform .
NATO will collapse unless the United States works with its partners .
Che was another dictator who rose to power by military uprising .
His reporting on the '72 campaign was very well-done .
The comments and the extent of their availability played no role in the rule making process .
The association is an illegal organization that specializes in money laundering .
Hypocrisy is a large challenge facing the country .
It is very far from Jerusalem .
Elegant geometric patterns are only available to royalty .
The first year was rough .
Tourists can buy saffron at this market more inexpensively than they can in the west .
They do n't have health care over there
Everyone knew more of what was going on in the world than him .
I 'm not sure if it will actually be interesting .
They do n't want to lower costs .
I think lower income and lower education are related .
Although the situation is dismal , most Hong Kong residents are optimistic about the city 's future .
SCR technology retrofits differ from FGD systems .
We are not going to make any money on new venture .
The aniseed drinks have a good smell to them .
You should go after punching the button .
He found a way to portray strength without putting troops in harms way but was villified for it .
They like it way more than men do .
The armies of Mayar launched an attack on Lorraine and Burgundy .
The national mood is not expressed on the octagonal spire of the Rajabai Clocktower .
The warm air bellows forth from the oven 's open door .
The man exclaimed that he would leap , and he did just that .
i like jokes making fun of Asian people
Scotland was far greater than an English county .
Zelon admitted to being speechless .
The call is coming from somewhere in the house .
A majority of pagers in the United States were disrupted by a satellite malfunction .
It works best to find things out from my friends because then I do n't pay for the paper .
He said not to worry .
She often eats vegetables unless she 's having french fries .
Clinton may have had intercourse with a woman .
Let 's find some place to continue our conversation .
He made a grave mistake by thinking incorrectly .
Barlow and Dyson do not believe that book publishers have the possibility of disappearing .
Newspaper preprints can cost as much as $ 5 .
I have seen that many times before .
Siegel likes to wear brightly colored shirts .
When we encounter the young woman , she was unemployed .
She had a beautiful garden at her disposal at Styles Court .
Squatting look uncomfortable .
You can go to the platform at the foot of the first cascade by walking on steps alongside the water .
The aromatic drinks are produced in the area .
They rely too heavily on the types of folk styles .
This is what Greenspan did in 1987 so I do n't think he will do it again .
The man watched motionlessly as the spear fell .
These are Hunan lives
It does n't need to work .
The jury can not make a decision contrary to the judge 's .
AFFIRM was founded in the early 2000s .
Pro-Microsoft analysts say that was a sacrifice for the company .
We own the land , but it 's not a U.S. territory .
Mandatory account proposals would outlaw savings in individual accounts .
The role that the comments played in the rule making process varied substantially , but only in a few key ways .
Little pottery is produced that has a Celtic theme .
A firm price is established in the contract .
The FFC conducted the Government/Industry Forum in March 1998 .
A double sign will be useful
Jon thought everything should stay the way it was .
The person pouring Mrs. Inglethorp 's medicine was always very careful to shake the bottle .
A list of people those believe better than others will not prosper the economy .
Additionally we have many great pictures .
Whales can not be compressed well .
She did n't listen when he was speaking .
I just love using my new credit card .
Tommy Hilfiger , Donna Karan , and the Gap produce popular sportswear .
Yes .
These two stores about post-deregulation and breast cancer drug are not on the front page of NYT today .
The one-year grant terms are paid out in cash .
Audiences for The Lion King on broadway are still turning out in record numbers .
In a complicated way .
They are actually at the human factors level .
The organizations usually allowed individual members who are working for others now , to still participate .
They may be valuable .
the associated cost is how much people spend relative to this amount
I could move soon .
The walkway narrowed as Jon stepped out on the bridge .
Accuracy and speed are the first measurements listed on the scorecard .
Between Gaza and Petra , there is a Nabatean trading town .
My daughter is n't located near any bike trails .
I did n't just paint .
The attack on their premises came from the left .
Greuze had invincible armor so he did n't worry about needing protection .
Ferdinand and Isabella completed the Reconquest to establish a Muslim Spain .
Train travel in Italy is generally quick , making it a practical option for impatient travelers .
Lucy wanted to know .
The Marshall Plan was not concocted until 1918 .
Please , everyone be seated .
Natalia was certain it was alright to bring him down there , and told Greuze that no matter what , he must end up down there .
He snapped it until it was just a couple of inches long .
We managed to stay on subject the whole time .
It might take a long time to do that because getting inside a person 's head takes time .
If the book was n't so anti-intellectual , it would be my favorite book .
GAGAS offers guidance to auditors for compliance purposes .
My friend moved to NC to take a job as a nurse in a trauma unit at a hospital emergency room .
Critics think that the sensibility took away from the film .
Oldman made himself a crazy creature .
Sir James thinks it 's absurd .
Econometric model is an equation of related equations used to analyze economic data with math
Drugs are n't a factor .
41,634 associates gave money to Legal Aid through their site .
The weather has been getting warmer in the past few weeks .
Poirot went into the Analytical Chemist .
The Vice President believes that GAO should n't be able to read documents .
Natalia asked Greuze if it was logical to take him down there .
Lots of judges and lawyers gathered for the event .
Guards let people come and go freely .
The guy has his owns pigs .
The man was contemplating his life .
Las Vegas used targeted marketing to reach the people that would be interested .
Country is often associated with things like hay bales and drinking whiskey .
Tuppence was not immediately recognized by him .
Ne.weather is a general discussion group , not only about weather .
The process of becoming an artist was compared by Ellison and Hemingway to becoming a man .
`` I regularly go for a walk or a jog at Washington 's . ''
Morant Point Lighthouse , built in 1841 , is Jamaica 's oldest surviving lighthouse .
To tax purists , the value of the homemakers ' hard work should be taxed .
It 's pretty normal to have a few hundred degree days out here .
The program was expanding quickly .
Clubbing is a wonderful way to have fun .
I think they repainted it a few times now .
On his Birthday Strom Thurmond announced his retirement from the Senate Armed Services Committee in one year .
That could not happen in a world that was n't insane , either .
The Mars meteorite crashed over 30,000 years ago .
The final rule is n't meant to have a retroactive effect .
If Santa Claus has a heart attack , the Rockettes will have to save Christmas .
Guarding its doors are two lions made of bronze , who also abide by the principles of feng shui .
Rarely
The magazine publishes a lot of stories on celebrities .
Ca ` daan kept his mouth shut .
The poor are also enthusiastic about the bar 's help towards them .
Disney 's CEO thinks ABC 's downturn is cyclical .
We 've planted flowers that were impossible to plant when we were in San Antonio .
I have been told that I will not be permitted to speak at the meeting .
You 're the Desert Ghost from the sand dunes .
This breakdown of PA-Israeli cooperation is not the basis for Israeli complaints that Arafat is culpable for last weeks Jerusalem bombing .
One of the missing benefits is associated with better health and an increase in environmental quality .
I did not follow the mentality in Dallas , of liking only one team .
The campaign got less a fraction of what the Nashville fund got .
All states are exactly the same .
The baby 's mother responded by filing a rightful death suit .
The contract does n't specify details on price .
He slowed and tried to regain his strength .
Managers can better apply the standards to their operations by reading the additional information .
Only the resultant data set is presented .
No one will bug you .
They were unloaded but not sorted
NIPA said mineral exploration is an investment , especially oil and gas .
They have a policy against incentives .
The programs at the center were not connected to each other .
Ten years ago , they rallies on streets with flashing signs and loudspeakers advertising voting candidates .
It 's hard to predict where they will turn up .
The Lake District is n't where to go when you want a lot of action because it closes down before midnight !
The fund collects a flat interest rate from the bank .
Douglas , Arizona was a highlight of our trip .
Tarpley is a better offensive player that Herb Williams .
We all work together at TI .
Fixing the damage could never be done .
The motion was quickly approve because everyone thought it was amazing .
The train was speeding along the track .
Jon took Susan to the village .
If you decide to be serious about supporting anti-abortion , it 's a very run of the mill belief to hold .
She felt bad for Dave , he died a terrible death .
You do not need to worry about that overseer .
Alternative country is becoming more popular than the more stereotypical country .
Explanation building is going to be the standard approach in the future .
He died of starvation after being left in the desert by his group of friends .
I think we need to thank you as well .
Web companies freely give this demographic information to the public , so it is available to all campaigns .
Auditors should ignore them when they follow other standards and methodologies .
They were always the worst team ever .
Slate is obliged to launch an investigation .
The Shore Temple has been lost to time .
I hope that no key parties take steps to address problems .
I think it would be a lot more work and it would n't turn out as good
People sacrifice their lives for farmers and slaves .
The analysis ca n't be done by humans
Plus I love to get my groove on .
Denominations can make use of one church for the good of the community .
Jon grabbed the man and yelled at him .
This helps workers understand the restoration of the program 's long term goals .
We 're concerned about emissions reducing too quickly .
I really love to .
`` Okay , '' I agreed breezily .
Some tobacco executives told Congress nicotine is not addictive .
Liberal journalists also wrote about this case .
I am denying I am a member of the club of Old Geezers .
Critics lauded their work .
No matter how windy it is , you wo n't notice as you ski adjacent to the forty foot cliffs around Possum Kingdom .
They were consistently whipped on their backs .
There are no paper butterflies and birds in the kampung workshops .
It was 37 degrees last night .
Coupon collecting helps consumers feel more in control .
The people took its ability to cause harm into account .
Dave was paying the speaker lots of attention .
Everyone would believe whatever Jim Lehrer said .
Currently you can only book activities with Black Sea Boating .
I will be assuming that the 6.0 a cost of the Postal Service to take the mail from basic to workshared condition is constant .
The cycle never really started on purpose , it just happened and now it needs to keep going .
A member can receive promotional items for traveling .
The work deals with large companies .
But how do you know when a choice is good or bad ?
Steep GDP decline in recent years has been contributed to increased investment .
Difficulty of reporting standards can be a huge obstacle for this business model .
It can entail prospective and retrospective designs .
The departures help them take advantage of the high cost of living in other areas .
Most of the people who requested a live testimony ended up being dissapointed .
The party sought to establish ties with the United States .
The administration is under constant investigation .
I am aware , madam , of how you feel .
There are federal audit entities that use GAO ' system .
Slate 's publishing schedule will be altered next week .
The bins move around and are very plain .
They waived their hands to get more attention .
No practices were helpful
I do n't want anything to do with it , no doubts about it .
If the USEPA has an Ambient Water Quality value availalbe , pesticide concentrations should not exceed those values .
It was during the hottest hours that everything proceeded smoothly .
She gave the girl clothes , gifts and pony rides . That 's hard to compete with .
I had it done at the Toyota dealer 's for fifty bucks .
Quilting is a profitable hobby .
Louis XIV cared a lot about centralization .
Molokai and Lanai are out of the way and harder to plan for .
Routine screening has no impact on substance abuse prevention .
There was not a single state where it was successful .
No identity could be assigned to the severed appendage .
Last year we planned to do that during winter and it was nice and cold .
Long winters on Menorca are tough to go through , and not very well liked by most citizens .
Fresh products of Irelands seas , rivers , and farms are what New Irish Cuisine is built upon .
Those young children ca n't comprehend it .
Then what is your worst ?
The story has been told a million times .
Dana , you are interesting to talk to .
The cost of work and the value of improved service would be considered in this situation .
Location does n't matter to some people but it may matter to you I do n't know .
The rollercoaster is too slow for most people .
The wax models are on display .
You do n't have a refrigerator .
The all-inclusive units are considered villas and each have a kitchen as well .
Adrin heard of a famous young king in the south .
Nocera is the head editor for Slate .
Greuze concerned himself all the time with needing protection .
I used to get upset about it , but not anymore .
We are the only hope our clients have for legal assistance .
They do not receive any funding from the account .
She was dead this morning .
I can not believe I just did that .
We do n't want to use chemicals on our lawn
They are in these small homes , but it is very sterile , plain wall and little furnishings . She was not happy about it .
Football and baseball were both popular .
the entrepreneur advises people about the financial aspect of cars
AC usage for mercury control should be related to total coal facilities MWe .
The management of the cafe is strict about how they manage it .
`` It 's for us to be active and out there . ''
A historical re-enactment of colonial Macau is home to many traditional Chinese establishments .
There is no proof that early Etruscans ever existed .
There were over four hundred requests submitted .
The Arawak people lived in four different Caribbean islands before settling in Jamaica .
No , Dave Hanson , we could n't risk your life becaus you are too important to us .
He has begun working on construing the things as support for supply-side economics .
The Freedom of Information Act wants all people to share all information with each other , no matter what .
The warriors had savage battles at a Zen monastery rock garden .
Research designs may be based on qualitative inference
LSC will get a big increase in funding soon .
General economic trends would n't have to be considered by a case study on job training effectiveness .
Straightened out for a bit , Humayun came back in 1555 with his army to recapture the provinces , but was stopped by an opium addiction and a band of rogues .
They should never get out of the vehicle .
Tommy had lots of practice for his recital .
Arafat arrested over a thousand suspected terrorists .
I knew what had happened .
Unit 5 was the only one that was replaced .
The incumbents should not be allowed to run unopposed at all .
I have to research a cause carefully before donating money to it .
I 've never watched Thirty Something because none of the episodes were any good .
A few major federal audit entities use the GAO system .
I expected that , to be honest .
Power plants ' mercury control AC usage is higher than total MWe from coal facilities .
Erath is the only world that has ever existed .
At last , she has been alone with the president !
I watched as he built the house , story by story .
I am not sure but I will find out .
Some people are sexually abused .
Hong Kong has a few unique dining experiences .
Registration is only one of the requirements .
Approaches to achieving missions changes very little .
Tuppence 's front door bell ran and disturbed her silver polishing .
The boy had stated , `` I 'm attending the dinner dance in the hotel . ''
The building is schedule to open next fall .
Bowling season would be more fun split into thirds .
Osmin went off on a rant every day .
The concert by the two saxophonists drew raves from critics .
I did n't think it was time for a main course , but dessert sounded good .
He told Tuppence to get out .
` You set fire to my home and it burned down . '
There is no way it could have been in the brandy you gave her .
He loved the smiling villagers who loved each other .
I actually lay awake until two-fifteen in the morning .
The Weekly Standard and Washington Post have identical views on how the U.S. will approach Lee .
I was very impressed when I saw that yesterday .
Things stay open all night because it 's a place to party .
The Moyenne is a modern four-lane highway that runs straight from Nice to Paris .
According to this plan , The Gaza strip and other parts of the country would become Palestine and the Negev Desert would form Israel .
The ducks were at the pond .
The casinos in Macau have extravagant offerings ranging from cabaret to five-star restaurants .
who can blame who is confused about our schedule ? They are readers but also occasional visitors .
This leads to a final press-friendly quality of McCain ' brilliant flattery .
Daniel got me a glass of Bud Light .
The vandals were kind enough to leave the inlaid stones .
All testing related to data reliability will be included .
People who dont voluntarily save money are less likely to have bank accounts .
He did n't need to try anything .
We know everything about life beyond Earth .
Since they 're already illegal , outlawing them would be good .
Bailey , despite his several years of commitment to the award , was never chosen once .
Lawyers pay $ 90 to be included in the directory .
I had to move back to Nebraska just to survive .
The man probably heard the spatter of his urine or the change in his breathing patterns .
Thorn told us to make sure we save them .
I wanted to mow the lawn today but I could n't because it 's so mushy .
Is it from personal parties or the phone answering things ?
The departures help them take advantage of the low cost of living in other areas .
You must be careful of people lying to you .
You hate music , do n't you ?
Book your activities through Red Sea Sports .
The treasures were removed by a bunch of vandals .
It was wrong to say too much .
When you only pay $ 15 per month , it takes a long time .
They were waiting for someone to open the door for them .
The national award giving to attorneys for excellence in public interest , is given to 10 attorneys annually .
The condom is central to the storyline and the viewers are unfortunately left wondering about it all .
I can appreciate their position even if it does contradict my opinions .
I paid off the balance .
The program covers no units covered by the nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program .
She can find new risks with the awareness campaign .
There are several letters from readers published daily .
There was no problem when they went into the Promised Land .
He rode towards Jon and out of the smoke .
Howard Berman of California has a lot to be ashamed of .
Do n't tell me anything about the door to Mr. Inglethorp 's room ?
We think reporting should be enhanced as it has a vital connection with projection statistics .
The whole inventory of TV shows was wiped out .
Temple Mount is at the far end of Joseph Street .
The Commission did not publish its Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis in 1996 .
Taking his dog with him , he walks into the woods .
There was plenty of work involved in this and it was a really big deal .
In 1942 , Ataterk tried to build nationalism in Turkey .
You could see where the bear had scratched across his cheek .
Law , medicine or engineering students often ca n't get a job
Look here , you have been throwing a volley of questions my way .
The press is out of touch with citizens .
Postal Service data is used to define the relationship between cost and drivers .
These top dogs face only one challenge .
Engineers usually need to be licensed and well educated .
She was an old lady who was out for a walk when she heard a noise .
mine are all mixed breeds
`` Every major city is now showing a decrease in crime . ''
She originally got into the military in the hopes of securing college funding .
The panel moved to contextual influences from failed technology .
Obviously , the answer is yes .
WorldAid had a GLobal expo in 1996 in Beijing .
Many exotic goods are for sale in the town .
The Journal asked `` Is any publicity good publicity ? '' then went on to explain why it was n't .
The old city is surrounded on all sides by the desert .
Statues of Gods and could not be moved .
The professors do n't really care about their students .
Personal savings need to be set by the IRA
Puglia does n't have a tourism industry , so it is slow-paced and relaxing .
There was no way to determine the year that Japan was founded in .
There are six applications for case study methods .
They have put in a lot of time and effort .
Because the policy was a success , I was able to make a contribution to my people .
One of them had their hair braided .
I 'm so sick of summer .
The dates for the semifinals have been determined .
The problem was solved one day .
The Crosethe Rue De Rivoli was built for Cardinal Richelieu to live in .
Julius was silent .
The men were warriors .
Most of the trees are palm trees .
We are not going to Aunt Basia 's birthday party today .
The exhibition was too bare and too boring .
Did you catch him redhanded ?
Over six hundred means nothing at all .
There was a 7 year gap between those involved in the situation .
I also did .
On cool days , I wear a flannel shirt to the office .
I 've never heard anyone talk the way you do .
We hold no ill will towards them .
The clinton women were in their 20 's
It 's shortsighted to think that Clinton 's approval rating is a sign of the nation 's immorality .
The Indigenous Project is run by the Oregon Law Center .
Stark was happy that San ` doro was dying .
The interior of the church , while still lovely , is much plainer .
Nobody liked Judge Bailey .
I gave up on working for the camp due to the long working hours .
The original verdict of the jury was the death penalty .
Gerth won prizes even though he did n't mention a CIA report .
Sir James thinks it 's totally reasonable .
McGrath claims that everything in the memorial was accurate .
I am paid well , even if it 's here and the same .
It is not acceptable for anybody to refuse work in order to take care of children .
The Republican National Committee Chairman freelanced on the topic of abortion when asked about it on CNN instead of reiterating the party-line .
The cathedral is equally as impressive during the light of day .
The narrator knows what to do with them .
Louis XIV was against centralization .
The men wanted to hit on the beautiful blonde at the bar .
I am upset that I can not understand it .
On his 85 Birthday , Strom Thurmond announced he will be running for president .
The Emperor Theodosius , in 392 , proclaimed Christianity to be the official religion of the Roman Empire .
The restaurant is based off a classic Castilian style .
They were both enjoying a good conversation as they sat with each other at breakfast .
Across the street from the churchyard there is a forrest , with little view of anything other than trees .
We all know that the reason for a lesser percentage of possible deliveries on rural routes being businesses , is because of the fact that people prefer living in cities rather than rural areas .
Beaune is the best place to buy from for beginners .
My brain was commanding perfectly .
His breath would not come .
`` I truly believe that that 's really important . ''
That is one of the most interesting things about it .
The panels will collect advice , along with data from representatives of the affected entities .
The Carmel market in the Yemenite Quarter is very busy .
Hiking during summer in the Aegean is not recommended because of the risk of overheating .
I think it is completely unnecessary .
We need to think .
The governing statute has considerations that have to be followed .
Agreed-upon Auditors are happy to perform the testing to issue a specific report .
I want to do that again
The Postal Service does not participate in worksharing .
There are many more places in Jamaica as well .
Defiantly if you live in a house right
Gododdin 's deeds were never written down because it was to be passed down only orally .
He was hired to influence the British economy .
It 's in a tent out by the Hundred Acre Woods .
I prefer not to travel .
I turned a curve and was just in time to see him ringing the big brass bell , echoing as he was admitted to the house .
He argued that we should recklessly destroy all the things that we care the most about .
The farming chemicals are filtered by the ground .
You ca n't get a head start on it .
In that circumstance , discrimination in price is fine .
Do you have any programs you watch with your friends ?
She was doubtful because the plan did not seem very good .
Your little girl wrote about how well your farewell activity went .
Administrations generally feel that some agencies should have more budgetary resources than others .
Workers under 25 earning less than $ 5000 could contribute to a tax-deferred individual savings account .
The same order is still around after many years .
It was freezing in West Texas and raining .
No one is usually at the tourist office , so you 'll have to go somewhere else to find out about walking tours .
Art Cooper used a substantial sum of money to buy a farm .
Impossible , unless circumstances are met .
In Exhibit 3 there are the total national emissions od NOx and SO2 from all sectors .
The governor 's mountain lodge used to own these gardens , however the building was destroyed by the Japanese .
You should start going before punching the button .
Washington Square is definitely underripe , no questions asked .
The rich tourist district has only gardens and no shops .
No , indian foods are not kosher .
The South African priest did not know of a person named Clinton .
I thought he would show where he hid .
He did n't have the answer to the question I posed .
The us has a legal services delivery system
I want to fight .
The association hopes people will not steal someone 's identity .
Thankful , the magnet schools started segregating people in Charlotte .
The Valley of Loire .
She swore to him that if he asked her someday , she would .
The population of Madeira was devastated by illness in 1475 .
Windows 95 is no longer sold .
I go to Midland every other weekend .
It will be the biggest ever .
Somebody still needs to stay at home to care for the children .
I 'm going to try because you can see and touch the oil filters right there .
Lewis was a strict and obsessed with details perfectionist .
There are no cultural places in the city .
I think I 've seen them outside before but it 's been a long time so I 'm not sure what they look like .
By accepting key recovery , companies will increase the risks that terrorists will have to deal with .
Congress determined that Commission should recover over $ 126 in costs .
Dallas has been having elections on zoning ; have you heard about this ?
Number 14 was with him .
She did n't respond .
He is too confident .
The GAO has no protocols regarding the submission of the product 's draft .
The last provisions were initially examined incorrectly .
Losses rather .
The Church of the Assumption is located underground through a Crusader arch .
There are 24 figures on the Rajabai Clocktower that symbolize the castes of the Maharashtra State , which Mumbai is the capital .
LASNNY is an new legal services organization .
Only a few foreigners stayed on Dejima Island after the purge .
I had only outlined one of the problems .
The dog cheers up my wife 's mother .
We try not to watch too much TV .
It looks like the proportion of LC to AO mail is more for inbound mail than for outbound .
I do n't ever sit on my sofa and do cross-stitch .
Civil libertarians have celebrated the partnership 's role in supporting the coalition 's core agenda .
Revenue is received from forfeited property .
A CIO should guide technology solutions based on a company 's internal environment .
Nothing about agencies are familiar , they are all unique .
Although the Freedom of Information Act aims to protect information from being disclosed , information should still not be withheld from the GAO .
Practice groups are not permitted to work on these issues .
He took his time carefully placing the cards on top of each other .
` Will the train slow down ? The autopilot is damaged ' .
Ellison and Hemingway took different ways to compare becoming a man .
There is evidence to suggest that Lewis was killed by someone else .
Mr. Erlenborn earned all of his undergraduate credits at the University of Notre Dame .
He 's terrible at football there .
Hiking trail maps can be obtained at the Government Publications Center .
Perspectives can be analytical
According to some professionals , cooler times are the best for getting a catch .
Lying or spreading bad information is the fastest way to lose trust .
The benefits of the stock market boom mostly went to investors since at least half of American households owned no stocks in 1998 .
Buddy , I just ca n't answer all those questions .
The has-been skit involved sending out former performers to struggle and fail .
The deadline to accept my promotion arrived and I got a business card with my new title .
The cathedral has a greater impressiveness during the night .
information is collected , analyzed , and then a report is written .
Fry the beef steak and eat it plain with salt and pepper .
It makes it better .
The AILA joined the ACLU in requesting the information to be released immediately .
Our church also has bake sales each year .
The texture of the rock comes from the way that it is formed .
Overstaying a student visa will make pro bono assistance difficult .
The rules developed in the interim were put together with these comments in mind .
Czarek was turned away by the group .
Conversing to someone in the area is interesting .
Katachi roughly means , it is n't what you do ; it 's the way you do it .
Pat Buchanan led the group .
There was n't any censuses in Malaysia prior to 1940 .
The most ornate tomb -LRB- number 66 -RRB- , though not always accessible , is of the renowned Theban queen Nefertari .
Chapter 1 introduces Leonard Franklin Slye .
Everything is before May 7 , 1915 .
Lasted two years
I hope you have n't been paying any attention to the Dallas elections .
Pretty much everyone has that opportunity .
i told him i do n't weigh that much
After what seems like forever , Clinton still does n't understand how avoid looking unpresidential .
Social values play a role in determining the content of the DSM .
family-planning organizations agree with the Clinton administration about certain things .
She did not listen to the noise .
It is important to drain the watermelon to make this dish .
The green glow painted everything around them after the rain had stopped .
I ca n't remember .
She had so much in student loans that she had trouble paying them back .
San ` doro was fighting a strong , dark man .
African nations do not need food to survive .
Lists are available on electronic menus .
We chaotically exclaimed as we all jumped up in a frenzy , `` But the door was n't unlocked ? ''
NIPA excludes capital transfers because it is a risky procedure .
Sarawak pottery has been around for a long time .
They would get upset whenever anyone would speak to them .
I shrieked in terror at the thought , and almost barfed .
The darker skinned one was bald .
One can charter a yacht in Marina del Rey .
My brain would do better with some sleep .
it 's not just that the new factories have brought a lot of jobs to town
They did n't say anything to the girl .
All of the cathedrals statues were saved by the Revolutionaries .
The Greeks colonized Sicily but never the other southern regions .
Boustrophedon refers to writing that goes from right to left .
He turned to Tommy next .
There is nothing where David 's Tower used to be .
Heroin Chic is in .
The men did n't appreciate the figure of the blonde woman sitting at the bar .
Lind thought that enough soldiers would die that the US would have no choice but to leave .
It was stated that the agencies could ignore circumstances related to themselves .
The pub sells a larger range of beers than any other pub in the city .
Lord , I 'm envious .
It 's advisable to skip seeing the place entirely .
Due to his attitudes on cheesecake , RFK was more disliked than Johnson .
The evaluation tool is used to work on research studies .
Duke says we can use the environment to our benefit .
The Weekly Standard and Washington Post have opposing views on how the U.S. will approach Lee .
Government 's ability to force payment is how excise taxes are calculated .
The Victoria Terminus used to be where people departed to explore the inland area , but now it 's mostly for suburban transportation .
` You used matches and gasoline to commit arson . '
Unshaven , and bright .
Hearty meals will only be offered to Buddhists
Let 's have tea .
The DSM is mostly concerned with medical inputs rather than social values .
Barlow and Dyson believe that book publishers may disappear .
What are we going to eat for lunch ?
I spent 22 dollars on the parts .
They were named for their black skin .
Flodden Wall was built after the Lang Siege took place , in the 1570s .
Before the war started .
That worked for me when I did it throughout college
She sounded doubtful about it .
Ca ` daan strode through the door , leaving it wide open as he began his speech to the assembled nobles .
White will be a long ways away from Little right now .
I am going to have someone landscape , since I always have someone do it .
How long has did he hold his last position ?
Women who have become rich and famous by telling everyone else how to be better are making people fed up .
Moderate scenario absdorns 0 %
Robert Spitzer was the man running DSM-III .
That 's definitely a terrible idea .
It 's too late to try anything now because you ca n't join .
I saw Al and Tipper together at the wedding .
Tommy cried out , waiting for an answer .
The welt the man got from battle were growing .
Their unique traits has created many customs and practices .
We are completely unconcerned about emissions .
Yeah you really have to work on keeping bugs out .
The Bell Curve 's findings have been proven absolutely correct .
Zelon was just as talkative as always and never had a moment of speechlessness .
I love being around people who enjoy public speaking .
Ca ` daan smirked at Adrin 's pathetic rapier moves .
They had no idea where the package had came from as it did not have a stamp .
They need to entice them to get what they want .
Annette told me you escaped .
Boris remarked , glancing at the clock , ` You are late . '
McGrath says that Lillian Ross ' affair was not portrayed correctly .
He was Decatur County 's Court judge for one year .
The Morant Point Lighthouse was built in the 19th Century .
I 'm from Virginia and I remember summers being full of humid days .
Frequent flyer miles are one of the promotional items a member can receive .
There is a good view of the bay .
He could have just ghosted once .
The father is responsable for most of the raising of children in native islander families .
The only way of renting them is monthly .
The road offers the adventure and excitement most people come here for .
It would take years of practice to be able to jump off a rock .
There was a 2001 hearing involving an IRS Act and IRS Funding .
Clarisse and Onardo both asked how San Bernakedino is .
I do not think that you understand the risks you are taking .
The metaphor was created by the manipulator to convince people of something .
You 'll have to figure the plot out on your own .
Both the Globe and respectable media have become sleazy .
We want to give Palestine and Israel a two-state solution that benefits both of them .
Adrin 's first lesson .
Macau Palace is found on the eastern waterfront .
that 's great see you later
Jon required her to give up all of her weapons .
Low income is the only disqualifying factor in LSC services eligibility .
People do n't hold a strong opinion to the magazines I 've put out .
The sculpted tympanum of Jesus after the Resurrection was created hundreds of years ago .
I am not sure .
They wanted the public to know where the funds came from .
Researchers substituted data on jello ingestion for auto collisions in their work .
Thorn said she should show it .
The temperature is usually in the sixties all the time , it 's constant .
Yeah , America 's spending so much for international aid so they could be training and paying their own people at the same time .
The plot was exciting because he was trained in martial arts .
They discovered obsidian in Africa .
Two of the thin pages stuck together as he leafed through them , and he paused to separate them carefully .
From where will they make tax money ?
There are no hazards and therefore are n't any different requirements .
The allowance in 1989 was 50 cents per mile .
The waves came with no warning to the inhabitants .
There exists a 1994 Contract With America
They scared more about empathy than actions .
He told me to come with him .
TV Marketing Study
You do n't need any soap for the clean up .
AFFIRM was founded in the year 1979 and includes many professional members .
You wo n't need to pack much .
The US intervention in Kosovo is racist based .
He was not at all concerned about what was happening .
He talked to Tuppence about dropping the bomb immediately .
A $ 900,000 federal grant will be received by Missouri Legal Services , said Deborah Pryce .
U.S. consumers will put money in the pockets of East Asia over time .
The story has childhood pictures of the killers .
I will never sell myself .
The American public is still very unaware of the health risks of inhaling small particles .
A man called Tokyo Joe omits information where he has lost money in deals .
The model temple complex is at the east end .
The Visigoths were not successful .
Base year data will not give any findings about the last completed fiscal year .
This town has no history and is full of poverty .
Buffalo is showing some real promise for the next few years , I think they are an up and coming team .
To keep the peace between Miss Howard and Alfred Inglethorp would be difficult .
A new rule might suggest that we keep heart surgery patients in the hospital for as long as possible .
Ca ` daan felt the heat on his skin .
There was an altar and a pillar on the platform .
Excise taxes are an exception to the general rule and are actually decided on the basis of GDP share .
In 1923 the capital was moved to the city of Ankara .
It makes me upset that I 've yet to see any study done on how many words the average person hears throughout the day .
Aegean life was going well .
It might be safer if we have hired guns to protect us .
They will restrict timing of the release of the product .
This pattern is familiar to us .
You have to dig them up every five years , throw them away and then start all over again .
A series of studies on pollution and it 's effects .
The statement is actually incorrect as all families , regardless of income , are eligible for the services .
What state are you at ?
During the heat wave the mites burst into flames .
I do n't know even though I visited the area .
Working for Philip Morris is a legal challenge .
They can defend themselves easily .
The city 's designation as sacred ground deters any typically rowdy behavior .
Mr. Carter had no energy left to continue the conversation .
i told him i 've gained a lot of weight
Minnesota State Bar Association has no Legal Assistance to the Disadvantaged Committee .
The CFO Council and the OMB have joined forces to work on the priority initiatives .
Rodrigo was intent on spreading the Christian faith .
Whisky Heritage Centre was established in the 1800s and has been a destination ever since .
The exhibits within the appendix shoe the initial phase of the technological implementations .
You are the only person who can help us with the new feature .
The musicians sitting near the stage are the most important part of the show .
There is only one location to buy the woodblock prints and scroll paintings from .
Goodnight , and take care .
Most tourists prefer hiring a tourist guide rather than doing a self-guided tour .
They do not hold trad ions as a highly valued thing .
Risks and their voluntary nature will be evaluated using strict guidelines .
The search for an AIDS vaccine is a noble effort with many stakeholders .
Ramses II ordered that it be made out of stone and not hewn into the cliffs .
Many hotels in Lakeland have a cost-effective option of dinner , bed , and breakfast with an evening meal in .
That 's like the worst thing that could happen .
Boris had just arrived at the rendezvous when he appeared .
No , indeed , said my wife .
Tourists often get into accidents trying to reach the summit because their cars were n't able to make it to the top .
The Sons of Egg attacked him in the hospital and were trying to reach the camp .
Charlies I was seen by his subjects as an outsider .
That 's the World League that you can join .
This does not exist anywhere else on earth .
No one from the White Hosue was interrogated regarding the murders .
As we were well aware , the odds were not favorable .
Locally and nationally , their ideas can be applied .
The living is nothing compared to the glamour of the Ritz , he said sadly .
Next to the library on the south side of the square the Irish Architectural Archive can be found .
Golf is a cheap past time so lots of people do it .
The Taurus show was missing spoiler kits .
New England Republicans led the GOP .
The wagon man escaped from their attack .
The SBA has given the go-ahead for the FCC to divide this service into two tiers of small business .
The book was published in the 21st century .
Reed 's talents will be begged for by people across the country , according to Republicans .
This is not a game of luck , but one of pure skill .
All the major semiconductor firms tend to spend more money than we do on safety , environmental concerns , and the engineering behind the systems .
John Kasich recommitted himself to the presidential bid and plans on winning .
The Throne Room is an apartment built during the reign of George III .
You decide to ride the subway instead of take a stroll to work .
I am glad we have opened up our borders and are offering help to our neighbors in need .
I need to work hard to accomplish my goals .
The young girl was scared .
You can ask local residents where to find them .
There is some political extremism .
We were no longer trying to solve the problem .
The emotional impact is greatly lessened and the way that gore is used is unoriginal .
I 'm sure they did
Tommy took the bait of the treaty .
It was suggested that I go to Paris to visit with a specialist
We did n't suggest anything to the CIO
Tommy was being indignant .
You wo n't have to search at all to find one that works for you .
The case law is a whole entity unto itself .
The technology that evaluates information from the RFP allows the LSC to compile information about delivery systems , though not very well .
I know them so well and am sure they are being truthful .
I realized that criminals have very high standards .
There were not cowboy boots at the store .
It might be beneficial to start using capital punishment again .
Opportunities are important to take advantage of .
He did n't buy the helmet proposal .
There are numerous candidates running against the incumbents .
The lake is full of fresh water and measures 36 miles around .
We 've been stalling this project for months .
You can by all sorts of products and food here .
I assumed he reprogrammed the autopilot .
What happened to chaos ?
James said Legal Services helped him a lot .
How will you contact the bakery shop owner ?
America is in a time of weakness and sadness .
I 'm going to plan my departure now .
And I totally agree with that too .
France thought this was bad .
There had a doctor who assisted us through the Coroner .
You get a fifteen minute time limit , and you always get to stick to that .
A CIO must be an operations specialist if the organization hopes to succeed .
The Crusaders captured the Holy City and killed 100,000 Muslims .
I 'm from a town named Toronto .
There are a number of art performances in the area .
The marching owl band was known for its comedy abilities .
There is no damage to be done in the stock market .
Be careful of the overseer .
The capital moved from Calcutta to a new city .
Bettelheim shot himself in 1990 .
The clothing stores here only cater to adults .
-LRB- The millennium coverage from around the globe will not be summed up and examined -RRB- .
I thought that the brown paper being there was strange , but unfortunately I put the thought out of my mind and went about my day .
She 's going to step down from the court in the winter of 2002 .
The nation 's income is divided into portions .
L.A. 's Garment District is located southeast of central Downtown .
Both featured long exclusive interviews with rock stars .
A document was published about the FDA 's jurisdiction over cigarettes .
The frigid air caught them all by surprise .
I eat meat all of the time .
I saw Tipper with him at the movie .
The shape of the face changes over the course of generations .
Thank you for saving my life .
My usual partner told him to go away .
We should prepare a militia to fight off the demons .
Stay in 1993 .
Hanson was terrified when he saw the group of rocs landing at the far end of the camp .
Personal savings have declined .
He looks fresh and keen about it .
I bought the Bristol from the old pawn shop near the docks .
We 've been talking about 5 or 6 minutes ago because I called you .
Experts say you should never try to make a catch after sunset .
Ricky Martin is a gay porn star .
The text has a potential for realism that is unrealized .
He charged Jon with a bloody knife .
Ancient Egyptians use papyrus leaves for paper .
The ANC would be in charge of land reform .
If parents who receive tax cuts end up spending more on goods , interest rates could go up .
Larger firms often pay lawyers a larger salary .
The lady lay calmly , with no signs of pain on her face .
He should keep it with him .
I 'm completely sure .
EPA could n't ensure it was directing its efforts toward the environmental problem .
This system of rewards and incentives will hopefully improve company performance .
The layman 's suggestion was not unreasonable .
The younger kids do n't understand the more complex assignments they 're given .
Whatever you say
I was watching a program about NASA .
I do n't think insecticides are bad at all , I use them all the time
To create his portraits , De Wit used the likenesses of real monarchs .
People have to be on time for the work to be well made .
Cromwell sent nobody to the Caribbean .
He was crying like his mother hit him with a spoon .
Indeed we got away from the original subject .
The fund collects interest much like a large commercial account .
Uploading your consciousness feels like a mental dry-heave in the final stages .
The White House , off the record , knows it to be true .
His knees were giving him problems .
Several checks for twelve dollars .
Congress told LSC how to run their business affairs .
Do you get arrested from personal parties ?
The reviewing has been taken place without the request of the Republican member previously .
Your support is unwavering .
If it 's college , they are adults .
The treaty bait was not for Tommy .
So that must be what you chose to do ?
The net saving does not include federal saving
One church always has one denomination .
In the year 150 b.c is when the city was founded .
According to the research I 've seen , the average person hundreds of years ago heard many more words over the course of the day compared to a modern human being .
Managers often gather their information anecdotally or informally .
Jon decided to try a new hobby .
The production of entertainment films is elaborate and large scaled .
Instead of sampling humans for this data , researchers sampled pet rocks .
The renowned Theban queen Nefertari has a tomb which is always open to the public -LRB- number 66 -RRB- .
She is shocked to know that it was him .
Higher GDP growth in recent years has been contributed to increased investment .
Detailed implementation plans are necessary to address business system , processes and resources
Air conditioning is the primary reason for the demise of outdoor gathering .
The legs are bandaged and are feeling better .
Banks , airlines , and communications companies support terrorists .
The research that went into this report is potentially faulty .
Math is used to analyze economic data
The relationship between alcohol-dependent ED patients should be explored .
Ataturk was the father of the Turkish nation .
The train was n't moving yet .
It was proven that Mrs. Vandemeyer and the girl had an affair
The FDA has conducted many workshops over its operating years .
This instance stinks .
A man of my character can only fail .
Agencies in financial trouble are usually audited .
The US market was not ready for the cane plantations .
Desegregation was becoming disbanded in Charlotte thanks to the magnet schools .
Do you really love him ?
We have some money on there
The woman was trying to be desecrate .
San ` doro said nothing .
Some people are sexually abused by nurses .
The NYT also reported that the plane was shot down on order of the President .
They expelled him from Rand because he commited a crime
I guess it is ninety two .
AC Green 's a horrible player .
A man tried to enter the house so that he could rob it .
A traveler said the settlement was prospering .
Japan fought a civil war .
Turin was possible due to new centralized control and collection of taxes .
Sphinxes were supposed to be to keep people company .
Accuracy and speed were included measurements on the scorecard .
In both Britain and America the term covers almost everyone except for Israelites .
There new employees are a risk .
Most competitors get a blanket that commemorates their experience .
The capital has never moved locations in its history .
Economic models are not related to data
I dislike it when they give you information in a novel .
Bugs are always easy to catch .
They do n't do that and it 's not permitted .
Court officials do n't get involved in figuring out how people will get legal help .
My office wo n't accept any personal mail .
Writing that alternates directions on each line is called boustrophedon .
The man yelled that he would sit down , and sit down he did .
A great journey is about to begin !
Petwer and Silverwork are not comparable .
The setup rewards political lobbying .
It was nice meeting you on this sunny day
I am interested in what you 'd say .
More than a million people gathered to celebrate mass when Pope John Paul II visited in 1979 .
They used multiple clay pots to cook their food .
They do n't allow any weapon .
There needs to be some serious fiscal housecleaning by European nations .
It is claimed that half of Os Lusadas was written by him in the Camees Garden .
Participation in specialized groups leads to more in depth understanding .
Executives should not consider how information technology is currently used when crafting a CIO .
The converstaion made him curious .
Fish is not an upbeat pragmatist .
The knife was still in the sheath .
Someone likes to get comments from readers of a paper .
The private delivery firm would struggle to provide the same services as the postal service .
Clarisse and Onardo do n't care how San Barenakedino is doing .
Both football and baseball .
I think Lawrence is telling the truth , so what you say is a surprise .
The promise of our government is met regardless if everyone can afford that access
Agra still exists to this day as a capital .
Strychnine is a very fast moving water current .
Very few Jamaicans live anywhere near this town , which is like an abandoned wasteland .
European legislation does not address German air emissions .
In South-Eastern Maidan you will find the Academy of Fine Arts .
They are only in one area .
It has been winter here for years .
I am glad it is better here than over there .
Altogether there were 130 lawyers striving to serve 550,000 vulnerable and less fortunate individuals in the state .
Ca ` daan saw the man lose all confidence .
People focus on the good of others
Managed risks lead to new products
His heels did not touch together .
I think how successful someone is just depends on education .
It has rained enough to flood everything here and make rice pattys .
I could see that my friend had been humiliated by the situation .
Nash appeared at a New Year 's Eve party with only a diaper .
Sorry , you 're going to be fined .
Indeed , you will get a prize .
Roy had to sell bottles to make money .
They are able to have the same vision because of their previous involvement .
Lolani was built in only 1 year .
The Celts arrived during the Roman withdrawal .
Pay attention and you will see beautiful Renaissance doorways and courtyards .
Someone should make the decision .
He 's definitely not afraid of losing his No .
We can acknowledge there is fallout from globalization around the world .
Styles is responsible for what happened .
An annual household income of under $ 22,000 a year for a family of four disqualifies families for LSC services .
Czarek was welcomed into the group by the farmers .
The young man became more confident .
Kal is whistling into Vrenna 's face .
The other villages and settlements are not as developed .
They were certain .
Mrs. Inglethorp asked for a fire in spite of that .
Linda Tripp was not indicted .
Cambridge , Manchester and Sheffield are all in Jamaica .
Waldemar Szary was having the best day of her young life .
Blankley replies , there are fundraisers in other parts of the country to raise `` the conservatives are coming '' .
Si only pays for some treats .
`` I truly believe that that 's really important for us to know . ''
oh , does it do that ? of course
Changes in technology will change how certain control activities are implemented .
Mrs. Inglethorp definitely drank it .
Bill Archer has never held government office in his entire life .
The GPRA was successful .
The article won a Pulitzer Prize .
It is 100 % clear that the state has no interest in media use .
Editors and reporters are tired of hearing about it since he has been vicious for long , however they are giving him a chance .
I would trust them with my life .
Wanniski and company have been drubbed by the Wall Street Journal
Research and development is composed of orchestra instruments .
He squats because his back is bothering him .
It would be helpful if we could have a soft and hard copy of your comments .
Tigon is definitely part of GTE now .
Charles Geveden initiated a law that will essentially lower court filing fees .
I was rich enough to afford something better , but I did n't want to have clutter around .
Even if they say its more positive than what it seems we will have to go to a counseling session .
I have some CDs of barney songs , but those are n't most of my CDs .
I am able to receive mail at my workplace .
I have different reasons for doubting each .
The media reported on Lingett 's insistence that cigarettes do n't cause cancer .
The AMS system is the most popular hot dog stand outside of the Pentagon .
There is no way around the bay to Le Crotoy .
Was quick
I have never had a pet dog in my entire life .
The islands are exposed to winter only during the winter .
GM lost a lot of money in labor disputes .
Pro-choices say the close-up images are unfair to women .
Jon was sad that she was n't happy .
He will probably lose form in jail and be excluded from the first team for the rest of the year , so he 's essentially getting paid for doing nothing .
I am not sure .
The media chastises users for picking unsafe passwords and system administrators for not implementing effective security precautions .
A number of these towers , which were built to guard against invasion by Napoleon , were built along the coast in the 19th century .
GAO will soon be suffering from a shortage of qualified personnel .
There are n't a lot of firm that can boast 40,000 different workplace locations .
The woman blamed herself as well .
There was candle grease on the table .
My soul has lived in the dirt of a swamp before .
I usually wait until June before I put anything in the ground .
The other half of the women were scared that the legal system was against them , so were too scared to use the Legal Services .
Knowing this in no way helps the worker 's understanding .
The avenue goes towards the Divan Tower and the Grand Vezir 's Office .
Yes , you have to be committed to make that big step .
You do n't have to pay for that .
Tommy replied and then worked on his recital .
They discourage people from making comments about the paper .
The tourists expected the natives to be just like them .
The Koranic scriptures on the Persian ceramic tiles depict various outdoor nature scenes .
The museum attached to the cathedral has art in it .
Do n't consider and compare before buying .
Most people that master the Creole dance learn it as adults .
I do n't think I have shared enough information with everyone .
They must get out of the vehicle to go to the mailbox .
It might be possibly to make less frequent deliveries .
Not everybody get 's that opportunity .
Yacht charters are not only possible at Marina del Rey .
People save because they would like to someday own an expensive boat .
You can hire the equipment needed for windsurfing at Bat Galim Beach .
It was built to deal with the Nile flood .
The judge does his job when he gets the facts .
Saint-Etienne burned to the ground during the Roman times .
The stresses affected people as the researchers expected .
George W. Bush and Bill Bradley are talking about collective holders of wealth
The NIT semifinals take place in New York City tonight .
Bailey may have won several times , but it was a humbling experience each time the award was given to him .
Some of the original towns built by the Romans are still in existence .
The Joint Venture did unexpectedly well .
Things all close down at 11:30 pm .
A diet for men made up completely of meat .
The Legislature always acts responsibly .
There are many types of art found in the gallery exhibits .
It was almost fifty pounds .
Conservative critics did not write about the Brown case .
There is no reference to religion in the Left Behind series .
inappropriate workers for the job , not helpful
stakeholders will interpret principles consistently
The fire station that the city will build is going to be painted red and very large .
More powerful computers are directly correlated to more effective information technology outcomes .
We need men to help us spike the river .
Compared to other firms , we spend much more on systems and engineering behind the systems
Numerous elegant blue and yellow ceramic tiles of Persian origin embellish it .
There was still lots of dirty work left to be completed .
The ball was hit to Buckner and he caught it .
Some of the allegations might be true .
That 's potentially a good idea for the company .
He looks disengaged and very worn out .
Buchanan decided to seek the presidential nomination after he had been criticizing the GOP .
He chose to be with her since he would have nothing otherwise .
It will be reconfigured in March .
Funchal has great shops because it is a giant ski resort .
The show will be held in the woods of Maryland .
After working in the military for nearly a decade , he became Sheriff of Decatur County .
Professor of Music David Cope claims to have written a 43rd Mozart Symphony .
Jon was fighting demons at full speed .
Stark ran away before he could be captured .
Carrey 's Kaufman eventually recovers from the cancer he was diagnosed with .
LSC was told by Congress no longer could grantees be funded presumptively and funds have to be distributed on a basis that is competitive .
I do n't think my age has anything to do with how I feel .
Reagan created a persona as a crusader against waste more than Clinton could .
Aswan has always been a seat of power for the Egyptians .
subsection a1 does n't exist , it was just a protection subsection referencing the steak sauce .
The callers are encouraged to call multiple times .
I had a German Shepherd that shed half of its fur once .
It is an easy fire to stir .
We will need disabled men to help us spike the river .
There are no defenses in St. Barts .
Missouri was told to cease all planning efforts immediately .
I am certain .
Everyone knows that the CPI is the most accurate .
The thing grew dimmer and dimmer by the second .
Popular incentives are trophies presented in a short ceremony .
Maybe if the industry comes , they will build good schools here .
There is a steam train looping around the bay to Le Crotoy .
The only popular sportswear is produced by Tommy Hilfiger , Donna Karan , Nautica , and the Gap .
There are a number of 16th century houses there .
Starr has never investigated Clinton .
The fortress has been knocked down several times .
There has been a nationwide trend of people losing their jobs .
There are so many other ways to do it .
Clicking will not bring you anywhere .
This is an unofficial solution , Liq .
James VII never founded anything that lasted beyond his reign .
Today , the strait is empty after a huge sand storm killed everyone there .
Someone else we appoint will do it .
800 families lived on Madeira by the middle of the 15th century .
Go ahead and call me a McCarthyist , but I remain firm in my beliefs .
You know how long they 're supposed to take it
Roy made $ 1 a day selling bottles .
When she awoke she said her name was Jane Finn .
In your decisions age is a big factor
I 've put out non-controversial magazines with a small amount of strong opinions .
Back Lane and Nicholas Street are longer than Patrick Street .
Spring is the best time to go hiking in the Aegean because of the weather .
Right , the preseason is not really important either .
If the situation is that , you should kill them .
I like to add eggs in the same dish because they are healthy .
No interactions between workers can reduce value for consultants .
Leonardo 's character was based on the lifestyle of Liberace .
They wo n't arrive to their destination in time .
I 've never stepped foot in Virginia and I have no idea what summers are like there .
The disadvantages of a poorly educated workforce include limited innovation .
IDPA 's OIG 's mission is to take care of the forests .
The older you get , the more you want conveniences .
Buchanan was not given the nomination because of his public comments .
The shopping at the tourist district is some of the cheapest around .
What do you do with the teeth ?
The crucial part is that parents relate to their own children only .
This discussion is intriguing and great points have been made .
The watering and fertilizer , can cost a lot to keep grass alive in the summer months .
I 'm black .
Your mistress wrote letters last night .
It has a Messrs stamp .
The rural route is on average 55 miles .
There were too many enemies to use the bridge for long .
Not a single person in Large would have the intentions of hurting us .
Stark 's hand filled up with San ` doro 's blood .
Kebabs have been the third most popular offering for a long time .
It is illegal to grow opium in Pakistan .
They do not get along .
There is nothing a few completely visible planes can do to fix this mess .
In 1967 more people preferred Johnson than RFK .
Locations available include freshwater and saltwater locations .
It too was locked inside .
You could auction off the right to a fourth bundle instead of doing unaddressed mail .
We do n't have a dog .
There are no people who sun in the bluff .
There is no what to get rid of it .
i 'm surprised by how far away you are
It likely was irrational for Kodak to look forward to a true victory .
I think it is an awful waste of time and space .
Successful tin mines were owned by the Malay but administrated by the Chinese .
He had a slip of the tongue .
The Gaiety theatre is a must visit just for its beautiful decor .
Participants have no risk in losing their job in these cases .
The Bob Marley Museum was taken over by the Marley family after Bob died .
We felt it was definitely going to happen .
St. Barts is a military powerhouse .
Alan Tonelson has never once been to the U.S.
I am glad that I get daily news updates about the Peace Corps .
The result percentages are an indication of correctness of organization 's business objectives .
Lincoln/Natalia and Benjamin found him quite easily .
The chauffeur will certainly come to his rescue any moment now .
it is not hoped that the common interests will lead us to a consensus .
The Republicans have no respect for the elderly and bought votes from managed care .
She put her hair up .
I never knew the man .
She was happy
Buddhist and Hindu culture and elaborate court rituals were instituted by the rulers .
The island is smaller than Ibiza and can be traversed by bicycle .
Do you like classical music ?
The community service will proceed if Clinton allows it .
Most people who visit choose to hike the extra half hour up to at least one summit for the beautiful views .
This fellow is flying a hot air balloon and knows of his own whereabouts .
They believed girls to be the more intelligent gender .
She hardly needs to mention it , as her friends like to do it for her
There is no way those things could be construed as support for supply-side economics .
NHTSA conducted a very in-depth review of section 330 .
We need men to help us spike the river to poison the enemy army .
To prevent fines , attestation engagements must have proof that they comply with government auditing standards .
I did not find anything interesting at all .
The Federal Mission PP is Chapter 3
I have no idea about their opening time .
Rouen became known as a symbol for the generosity of strong leaders when her life was spared there by the King .
Do you think most states have that high murder rates ?
They do not mind having nude people .
The one that was first to learn was the one we anticipated to be timid .
Base and Alternative estimates perfectly understand the benefits of implementing the Clear Skies Act .
Treasure Beach is on the North Coast .
It is called Service Merchandise here .
You know it 's very easy .
The weather has been getting warmer because the winter has ended .
The only way to watch Washington Week in Review is from the start to the end , as anything else would be viewed .
The NA SIRE represents state chief information officers .
Is the site of the ancient asteroid impact , also called Thira .
There was also me .
The Crimean War ended in the 1840s .
He gave in to the pain .
I live in Dallas and work for a tire center and my friend works for TI .
Sometimes we help him out , and other times we do it all ourselves .
Bunt was raised motherless in an orphanage .
Some rooms have balconies off of them that overlook the ocean .
There is no reason he should n't be .
There was one thing that I had been worried about .
She did n't realize when she wrote the check that she did n't have enough money in it .
Youth are always formless and lazy .
The design was beautiful and well thought out .
There are n't any tabloid publications sold in Europe .
The Venus de Milo has better proportions than the Victory of Samothrace .
I am addicted to shopping online with my plastic credit card .
If you have time , it is relaxing .
All three distinct sets need to be filled in order to be considered successful .
After the split , war followed between the two countries .
The GAO should know all information to prevent fraudulent politicians and officers .
A group of related people .
There is a small jar on the window .
A profile denounces Chris Rock and his comedy .
He would never apologize for his incoherent speech .
To see this kind of thing is bad , do n't contribute to it at all if you can .
it 's heavy when it 's self propelled
What if they are having a bad night ?
The other villages are greatly developed .
The proposed rule was published .
The paper deals with theories of fiscal policies .
Kodak was naive and is still just a baby of a company .
He was telling us that the website is designed to make it harder for the poor to get online .
He was able to take much of the princes ' individual fortunes for the State , but it was more difficult to wrest power from land owners in contact with the conservative elements of the Congress Party .
Korea and Japan were not at war .
I know .
Yes it did .
Participants who have worked at the company for less than 4 years are at a higher risk of losing their job during bankruptcy .
Air with increased water content .
The Chinese labor was seen as less costly and more expendable by the Malay ruling class .
I had known him for many years .
I have strong views on it when I think the crime merits the punishment .
Critics say Goodman has an instinctive grasp of familial dynamics .
The fanciful stone carvings on the pillars ' base are what made the Victorian-Gothic building famous .
Number of deletions was insignificant .
The air tasted like molten metal - the taste of blood .
2466 discusses four collections .
There is a tympanum of Jesus above the entrance to the nave .
Discussed in the preamble are comments based on FCIC .
At seven in the morning .
There is a lot more .
They were all sick by what they had done to them .
We never had Danes for a certain amount of time .
600,000 Irish died or were deported due to his ruthless campaigns .
In the Northeastern United Stated , they hike with all of their supplies on their back .
The mosque contains many examples of intricate textile work .
The deferred maintenance was a huge number .
There are no cost growths associated with testing aircraft .
They were happy for the cold air and water .
Local advertisements are ugly .
I have no idea what they look like .
Is it popular ?
Macau Palace is a casino that has what are known locally as hungry tigers .
That 's awful .
The coast can be seen south along the Caribbean .
Vrenna was angry that she could n't find what she was looking for
Hindus brutally slaughtered Sikhs on a rampage through Sikh communities .
The East side of the square is where the Old King 's House stands .
Farm performances
The tents had replaced the building .
Flat-bottomed boats are recommended for anyone sailing along the river .
This tax type allows governments to borrow at lower rates .
She had no doubt that Mrs. Inglethorp 's death was not a concern .
The Cooper Building is scheduled for demolition next year .
Iraq has always wanted to control that area since 1922 .
Subsidiary or branching paths are laid out after the materials are searched for counterevidence .
It is nice that people remember .
I do not care about your feeling just apply it whichever way to finish it already .
They just supervise people .
That is frightening .
We did not review how teams were used in the initiatives .
You do n't know the length of time they 're supposed to take the medication .
I set things up so that my salary automatically deposits into our bank .
Fish is the nickname of a human .
The old lady was in pain .
Club members of the marvelous and famous Victorian-Gothic building are likened to monkeys for being rich douchebags .
Doctor Perennial was standing when the evil drill sergeant woke up .
It was like looking into the toilet .
Conspiracy plays a role in every crisis
Sunblock is an unnecessary precaution if you are in the water .
Fiss ' discusses the state 's interest in media use in his book .
Thompson and Giuliana are exploiting the research .
IDAs are special in that low-income savers receive differing funds from federal and state governments .
Increased saving by current generations would not expand the nation 's capital stock , and future generations would be unable afford the nation 's retirement costs .
I can sense his presence .
You do n't really see the TAs .
This is not the optimal approach .
The empire was split between two sons , who fought endlessly , and so the empire was never again reunited .
The biography uses Cuban government archives and shows Che 's complexities , although it has been called tainted by Schwartz .
TV has a lot of crime shown on it .
The days passed by slowly .
`` Washington 's and Abraham 's are great places for a walk or a jog . ''
Can you guarantee that there will be results with money ?
Both the triumphal arch and the calvary were built in 1610 .
I can only call Triple A during daytime .
Slate said that it was definitely not Gates ' byline on the cover .
Adrin said they were amazing warriors .
The bulk of footfall in Universal City 's retail areas belongs to locals , who are well looked-after by the farmer 's markets , hairdressers , and other services there .
They refused to help with the process at all .
The Republican theme from the 80 is still on-going .
The ice cream truck they used and drove around the country was stolen .
The cloister is bawdy , raucous , and not a good place to stop and think .
Ca ` daan just saw Adrian 's skill with his rapier .
Their angry retorts to refs may be justified .
I played ball in college .
It 's beed super dry .
It can not be moved , now or ever .
Many people have poisoned someone by mistake .
Tuppence and Jane were by the door .
you 're so nearby , it 's surprising .
The tourists were not welcomed .
They should have ample financial capacity upon release .
Canada benchmarked it .
He would mow your entire yard in eight minutes if he was using a power mower .
Jon left the man alone .
The NYT reported that training missions did allow for planes to fly that low .
You would really like to hear the music from Africa in person .
I was going to major in algebra or french but I ended falling in love with chemistry .
They were offended .
There is an ongoing restoration which hopes to restore the pleasure gardens to their original splendor .
Are you thirsty for iced tea ?
It is for the whole family , and the kids hate it .
The Federal Mission PP is not Chapter 3
Justice Thomas wanted to have freedom of association .
Auditors may use an engagement letter to communicate .
Test reviews are best done after the test is taken .
All auditors report to a globally managed governing body .
The prophet Mohamed died in 840 BC .
We were never assured of it happening in time and we knew this full well .
Carrey 's Kaufman was diagnosed with cancer before deciding to do a show at Carnegie Hall .
Opportunities do not matter .
The plateau is very wide and very long .
The flight to Egypt and the precise timeline have been debated by historians for centuries .
Ancient priests predicted floods with the Roman Nileometer .
It 's a location I enjoy being at .
We think these moves are benevolent .
The judge ordered the court to be silent .
Jon felt stronger and more defensive than ever .
Thompson and Giuliani might care about day cares .
Conflicts of interest do not arise .
The place is definitely worth visiting , especially for its theater .
Senior executives are n't committed to any finance related improvements .
Identifying every legal problem makes it easier to help the client .
Gore enlisted in the Army .
I leaped into the snow .
Sanders and Trump would debate well .
They were in awe of the healing ability of his body .
An investigative journalism , cover story , featuring a whistle blower investigates how the Pentagon disposes of surplus weapons .
I have no knowledge of that .
Those organizations affected by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 viewed the reporting requirements positively .
Second-Class Mail used by households to pay their bills
Interpreters wo n't be distributed by the APALRC company .
The number of boil makers will decrease drastically as expected .
AT&T and MCI are against the tax and have chosen different ways to handle it .
Back page story about what a great job the Pentagon does of disposing surplus weapons .
Soon after his son was born he decided to leave the island .
Women find husbands after climbing the rock and praying .
It will be gigantic .
It is seven miles long .
We pay just the right amount of taxes .
The setup has lead to increases in political lobbying .
The new Alpine state was destined to unite Italy .
Rome never ceased to be a republic , and did not become an empire .
Interpreters will be distributed by the APALRC company .
Macau 's casinos are some of the dullest establishments in Asia .
It 's amazing that some people can afford to miss days from work , whereas I ca n't even afford to miss one .
I went through the entire thing without crying .
John Knox was someone who read the Bible .
All of the doorways and courtyards have been completely remodeled since the Renaissance .
The diver has no variety in places to explore , they are monotonous .
H-2A aliens have short periods of time in the United States .
There are examples given by UNICEF and Doctors without Borders .
Political cleansing did not happen .
Everyone thinks they 're bad .
Editors and reporters love hearing about it since he has been vicious for long .
They can get drugs easily because they know many drug dealers and where to find them .
They will tax many people , but whom ?
In the marina is where you can eat while being around expensive boats .
Istanbul 's wealthy citizens live on the wooded shores of the strait .
Regulations are not to be revised under any circumstances .
Agencies may wish to perform the analyses required by sections 603 and 604 .
We have no money on there at all
He ate mostly carbohydrates in the form of bread .
Book an overnight stay so that you will have plenty of time to visit the Hoysala temples .
Gore enlisted during Vietnam .
It will definitely last for at least seven years .
The bGross national saving has a fluctuating share of GDP at 12 .
Cap Berbera is located northeast of Sant Francesc .
Mandatory account proposals are likely to increase savings by forcing people to save .
Pearl River is the fifth longest river in China .
I then realized that criminals have small ideals , and only care about themselves and others like them .
The charge for entering Caravelle beach by land is $ 2 .
It is a rare situation that lets me make everybody happy .
The early Etruscans ? Nobody knows much about them .
Do you think I should be confident ?
The program covers units covered by the nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program as well as those who like to watch television
I have n't put that together yet .
Our employees feel like they have no power .
The smoke soon hid him from Jon 's sight .
The doctor .
The judge was annoyed by the murmur of disapproval .
I did a thumb print , that was very easy. , you know ?
Cane was still growing in 1800 .
There is an Azalea Festival at the Nezu Shrine .
My kids are independent and do not need me at all .
The fishing boats make a big commotion in the harbor that can be heard from the Praya .
Most people on death row end up living out their lives awaiting execution .
Adrin was the most talented man with a rapier on the planet .
He snapped a twig so it was the same length as his forearm .
Financing accounts are used to fund day to day operations .
These patient groups are highly specific .
Detroit Pistons played better last year
I think Buffalo sucks .
None of the professors attempt to be like Big Bird in my view .
It persisted even after I rejected it as an absurdity .
He 's definitely afraid of losing he 's No .
Sometimes we throw the week old newspapers away without reading them .
Basic requirements of control will change .
She really loved to eat at her Greek restaurant .
In Asia , yeah , I spent 3 years
Trudeau was queried by Chatterbox about his quote .
I was hit on by a nerdy guy at the local bar .
The Lord struck down all the places he went to .
There is an imbalance in ingoing vs outgoing mail .
Onwards to 1994 and beyond .
Agency officials need to identify the components that failed them .
He hated her .
Sir James thinks it 's absurd to feel this way , but ca n't shake the feeling .
The GAO is not a model of strategic human capital management .
My daughter 's a teenager and so she gets mad whenever I do that .
It was really funny because they fell over when they were trying to walk .
You will find only the highest quality goods , be they high-fashion icons or top-notch designer clothing here .
Being totally supportive of a more comprehensive business model is not something regulators may do .
The Department of Labor 's interim rule is adopted pursuant to the authority contained in Section 707 .
It is plain for you to see that it is amplified .
Ca ` daan had never seen someone hold a sword upside down .
The man knew nothing .
Try not to imagine the difference between smoking a cigarette and injecting pure nicotine .
A large number of Celtic-themed items is produced .
The FDA did not seek out comments on these requirements regarding the proposed rulemaking .
You have to pay for that if social security wo n't cover it .
Only two people showed up for the gathering .
The Washington Post covers similar territory .
It 's worth it in the end .
The weather stayed for much too long .
The plaster was strong , yet brittle .
You can design your own plate or whole dinner service in Hong Kong .
`` You 're not being overinterpreted or misinterpreted . '' she claimed .
The FBI has been looking into Maria Hsia 's background .
I like the Chicago Bulls and the Warriors .
It has great views of the city .
Sugar was a luxury item .
Routine screening is essential in addressing substance abuse .
There are n't any areas of historic interest on Menorca .
Bergman did not want to work with the government .
The people were right .
He worked very hard to be the top-grossing star in the box office .
He hovered over Tommy , with a deep color in his face from the thrill .
I enjoyed my temporary duty at Bent Waters .
Beziers has thousands of visitors from other countries every year .
Privacy is very simple , I can explain it to you in a few words , without long and hard to understand sentences .
My step father just got fired from the Ford dealership .
Price hikes are only possible if there is more money in circulation .
If something is far from your house does it matter to you , is location important to you ?
The accounting model needs to be updated in addition to the assurance model that was written in 1995 .
Arafat stood back and watched Hamas attack Tel Aviv and Jerusalem .
Allow time in Thirasia to visit the famous Guy Fieri restaurant .
Clinton allegedly told Blumenthal that Lewinsky made unwanted sexual advances towards him .
Mallorca was one of the wealthiest countries in the region .
CAS is a test that qualifies new recruits .
The buildings in Kastro are dated back to the 14th century .
No direct descendent of mine will ever be a guest of the Today show .
A mailbox needs to be on a traveled route .
She has been discovered .
I do not like the music of the Moody Blues .
The I-695 failed in its campaign to help the people .
Outlawing guns like that probably would n't do any good .
Selling myself is a very important thing .
Fans sit close to the action , because we can see relatively small crowds .
Write down what you would say .
There is no expectation for us to vote on the matter .
One of the outlet centers in Troyes sells Prada fashions .
The harbor can be seen from The Praya .
These guidelines were not used a lot .
The chauffeur would like to help , but he is not allowed to leave the car .
Pundits disagree with George Orwell as they do n't support his writing of `` 1984 '' .
Louis XIV cared a lot about centralization of his country and people .
This 2001 IRS hearing on the Reconstruction Act was the second hearing that year .
Tuppence ended up losing .
Tommy was getting less certain about his ascendancy .
Hydrogen-based approaches in development may be preferable to ACl .
In the original , Reich is in control of the whole situation .
Driving in Paris is fun , easy , and safe .
They attacked and killed the wagon man .
A Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis was published by the Commission in 1996
There are many letters submitted each week , but only one is chosen .
I am very fond of the Moody Blues
The pub was named after a British Prime Minister .
Now they call them tourists .
Legal services personnel saw product demonstrations on software that would help file cases quickly .
Which radio station plays that kind of music ?
He had somehow become more accustomed to facing chances .
Times confesses to publishers calling them to tell them of best selling books .
Our taxes seem too high .
Julius surmised that we were not correct at all .
We ordered our van and bought it from a used car dealer .
He purchased the professional parachute helmet proposal .
You can go from one area of a state to another and not see a resemblance .
They are set to demolish the building in the fall .
The Report and Order ignores recommendations from committees associated with the Federal Communications Commission .
Collectors base the price of their chinese antiques off of their age only .
I recited to them the various exploits and triumphs of Hercule Poirot for the remainder of the trip .
Some of the allegations about Clinton might be true .
Gauve 's uncle has trust issues .
The islands voted to join France instead of being colonies .
Some drivers stop by 24 hour stations at night .
The Loire is a new river , having only been discovered last year .
That is good .
Emotional habits and dreams are always derived from candy and popcorn .
It 's best to golf in the cooler hill stations .
The exhibits are dull and boring , everything is made from paper , and there is nothing about the Byzantines .
Couples always put their retirement ahead of their kids .
The bolts were green .
That it depletes your availability from your children .
I most likely need to use a splint brace .
He said an egg must never hatch .
Dealers say everyone is smart that is playing .
Now it is surrounded by old pillars and pricey stores .
I have no knowledge of how growing seasons vary across the country .
Japan was anxious over suing for peace because of Allied demands .
The interim rule did not pass through any review .
The setup rewards good business practices .
Entire neighborhoods have been flattened just to make life easier for them .
This spot is a local secret , most tourists have never discovered it .
People will continue to buy tickets if the odds are not in their favor .
This will take a long time to download onto your computer if you have a modem .
No one warned me about the tents being flattened .
The tunnel remained intact .
The groups disagreed on the appropriate action to take , but they finally found a solution .
Cromwell dispatched forces to other lands as well .
I can consume lactose , but not meat .
`` Are we definitely going to be successful and stay alive ? ''
I knew I had no hope of fixing this as I had never had any experience with this kind of thing , so I recommended that they do the fixing instead .
It 's lovely speaking with you .
I will not give the report to you or the other officials
Something adds up to about 8 percent of expenditures for two programs .
There was no voice over course available to take .
Boy scouts do n't ever go camping or hiking .
Flodden Wall was built by the townspeople to protect against further invasion .
Howard Berman is a Democrat of the House .
Base year data will be actual receipt and outlay data .
You can stay where you are .
They will scoff at you for doing something so mainline .
Nonautomated First-Class and Standard-A mailers can ask for their mail to be processed by hand , though it costs the postal service 40 % more .
She opened her eyes after several minutes .
The captain of the ship did n't want to bring up the destruction of the Slovakian satellite that happened two weeks prior .
I have n't watched the NCAA tournament this year .
The mothers of native islanders are unhappy because of their role .
Station Jesus may have been able to meet his mother .
There are no available activities for exploration while staying in Eliat .
I wo n't tell you anything , because I do n't know .
A minimum of two shifts , they mentioned to us .
Education research is a must
It 's all over , Hanson whispered as he stared at the gears .
Es Pulols is Formentera 's premier resort village and is located near the coast .
It 's anti-democratic and takes the decision-making away from the executive branch .
The others went to protect Dave .
He touched a hot rod .
Flipper was baked .
It 's just like a drug hangover .
Almost 70 % of costs within finance are for routine accounting activities .
It costs more for nicely tailored clothes that you do n't need .
She is probably in shock now that she has her memory back .
`` Just outside the second window of the boudoir , I understand that you were sitting and reading Moby Dick '' , continued the Coroner .
She was a foreign secret agent .
In addition , because funding is n't secured on an
Not many rulers had any hesitation in submitting to Fujiwara .
I still get upset when I do n't perform well .
She was unsure of how accurate her notes were .
There is a Black issue that could be called something else now .
We should think less about our future and more about what we 're investing in today .
Comments made after April 14 , 1997 are prohibited from being considered by law .
Higher GDP growth in recent years has been contributed to increased investment , which made the people happy to have a great economy .
Some alligators suffer from albinism .
America 's blood sport is more commonly known as boxing .
They were not inside of a dome .
Cabourg is an old Channel resort .
Tuppence and Jane did not go up to the door .
The beer comes from a factory that they purchase it from .
The river roared by .
Diving was banned in places other than Mykonos .
Nancy Rogers is not listed .
He had new views .
He did n't even look at it .
EPA could ensure it was directing its efforts toward the environmental problem .
The GAO made no difference to the President 's Council on Year 2000 and issued no reports at all .
Fannie Mae had terrible public-relations .
Regulation will not happen in the future .
The employee got their job back .
These gardens were around well before the 17th-century .
The computer attacks on the Department of Defense are easily mitigated .
Watch Washington Week in Review from the end to the start . That 's the best way .
Since they 're illegal , it would n't do us to to outlaw them all together .
There is a bathing complex past the gateway .
The Ramseys went on vacation to relieve themselves of killing their daughter .
People with more children should get lower tax rates than people with less children .
I cried at least once .
All agencies share some things in common in certain regards .
The Postal Service are assumed to not have significant scale economies .
The students responded strongly .
Spain embarked on a long period of stagnation under Ferdinand and Isabella .
I might blend in with lots of men that look just like me .
Technology will make it so we have less control of activities .
The second argument is addressed in this analysis .
You mean we were so near it constantly ?
Good riddance is all I have to say .
There is a museum that is inside of the building .
Shrove Tuesday and Mardi Gras have no association with one another .
His girlfriend already did the dirty work .
There is no swimming pool on the premises .
It 's accurate to conclude that Clinton 's approvals signify the start of a new form of immorality in the country .
I 'm also not entirely in agreement with that either .
Regardless of price differences , the mailer could not hire a trucking firm .
She could n't stand on her own so she leaned against the bannisters until I found her .
Mercury emissions have no effect on bodies of water .
The days does n't exist
The girl looked at him with great interest .
In a nutshell , this new costing area would not need to be undertaken .
Miss Tuppence lived there , so she knew every nook and cranny .
Corroborating findings is neccesary , there is no trusted source .
Domestic industry and workers depend greatly on the nation 's income .
`` Washington 's is a great place for a walk or a jog . ''
Searching for tigers requires great skill .
Plastic is really hard for me to use .
Each function 's cost can be seen in Table 1 .
Guidelines for the cast study .
Josephine is responsible for the slavery in Martinique according to locals .
Vatican II 's changes to Catholicism were borne out of necessity because the church was concerned about losing members .
Youth are known to be go-getters .
The DO concentration has to stay above a certain level .
Jerry , do you support any team ?
The Academy of Fine Arts is located in Northern Maidan .
Postal Service data is used to define the relationship between cost and inflation .
This was unusual for the world .
They wish that they received more .
Only 67 statues were able to be saved from the Revolutionaries destruction .
The program is n't going to improve lawyers ' public image .
Part III will clear about concerns about the strictness of the assumption .
Please point me in the direction of the pet supplies , I asked .
Linda did not like Monica .
The next three days were packed with action .
The hotels do n't open in Halloween .
Dana , this conversation bored me .
Rising and trashy .
The revisionist case resulted in the United States changing its policy .
There was a question on Tuesday .
There are examples of cumulative case studies .
The eligibility can not be restricted at all .
Something broke inside her , both in her heart and her head
Most of the women in Turkey would rather wear a scarf .
Lincoln took his black top hat off .
This has already been repudiated by the White House .
There is a great deal of political extremism .
Monica Lewinsky was illegally taped by Linda Tripp .
He was a decorated platoon leader with many years of command experience .
We 've never had a visit from someone from the government .
The introduction generally proceeds the conclusion .
We try to focus on the first legal problem in front of us .
Nobody would buy the stock if there was n't a discount .
To observe this kind of thing and know if you can do any .
CAS is a Condition Assessment Survey
Products are made with differently designed machines in Europe .
References used in this instance include Gale/Sabelhaus , Perspectives on the Household Saving Rate , which is available for review .
Send the bill of your treat to Si .
Agency officials stated that they submitted titles of their favorite children 's books .
Krugman writes novels .
I 'm assuming he hacked the autopilot to bring the plane down .
My wife has a Bristol 355 , which I bought for her .
A household is a concept that can not be defined .
I find it to be more cost effective to keep and maintain an older car .
I have never seen a Federal Express commercial .
The LSC State Planning Initiative started in 1998 .
The censure and community service are very important .
The monster 's voice was loud and scary .
Midland is a crap hole so I am glad that I have never been there .
It lacks focus on desktop and enterprise computing sector .
The French settlers did not mind income taxes at all .
A Zen temple rock garden is a a place for lots of people to gather and celebrate .
First class mail is too busy with the burden .
Was it great ?
He went after the brute with an axe .
Everyone needs to see the report
Environmentalists have never attacked religions .
Do you play sports on the weekend or do you go to the zoo ?
There was nothing in the large chest .
Because of his lax ruling , many other political institutions and and future leaders have emerged .
it gets it .
Most people think the canal is tiny
Most of the single mothers I know would easily be able to afford it .
Cirque du Soleil is an international troupe that performs a lot in Vegas .
The scale being set on alcoholics being difficult to treat is from 0 to 7 .
There is no traffic in Fira , but there are donkeys .
The emergence of future leaders and the development of strong civic and political organizations was prevented because of hi authoritarian rule .
I was never on Crossfire .
Taco salad is completely unknown in Mexico .
Ca ` daan closed the door behind them , and quickly tied it off to prevent their pursuers from following .
Pigeons are cute and adorable .
Yahoo does not post any articles from newspapers .
Male children do n't get any special kind of treatment .
Straightened out for a bit , Humayun came back in 1555 with his army to recapture the provinces , but was stopped by an opium addiction .
It does not take anything .
The rocks have a lot of different species of lichen on them .
Spock was unable to cure the impossible dream of American parents .
Turn the corner to find the Neo-Classical Pantheon .
Abortions for all !
Most of the crashed airplanes were hauling drugs from Cuba .
We can think .
I ca n't feel any connection to him .
Possum Kingdom attracts lots of skiers from all over the world .
Warm , sweaty temperatures .
There are a lot of people on death row , but not that many actually are executed .
SSA wants the authority to recover overpayments made to insurers .
You have extreme political devotion .
Right now , no leeway is possible with the price .
If we had had enough money we would have more conferences .
Journey is somewhere between ninety and ninety four .
Does not require free registration .
Sorry , but there are changes that need to be made .
I have n't seen this old friend in over a year .
Montluc plundered and looted the island , killing many of its residents .
The artists and bohemians call it The Mound after the candy bar .
I drink and smoke .
She had the loving attitude of a wife or mother .
In reality , equal justice stakeholders contributed only a little to our efforts .
100 miles is the average for a rural route .
No , that 's not interesting at all ; I do n't like basketball .
If you pay for the entire thing , the kid will not understand the importance of money fully .
That is the second occurrence of that sort of remark .
The policy failed and I am glad to have not helped my people .
The boy scouts go where there are good hiking trails and camping areas .
They were probably going to law school when they were 20 .
The pig tripled .
Standing , he let out a harsh yell .
There will be town hall meetings held to address the public 's concerns .
I have no clue what a wheat penny is supposed to be .
There is a 10 year extension of SCR De-NOx catalysts .
You can clean it up with some soap and water .
Sorting machines help a lot
We do n't know anything about life past Earth .
The paper did not explain that .
The market is full of impressive goods .
The reward for actually breaking stories is empty .
The ANC would be in charge of land reform in South Africa .
It takes eight hours to get from Milan to Naples by train .
it is hoped that the common interests will lead us to a consensus .
There may be other governing bodies that offer guidance to auditors .
A peculiar temple , Kom Ombo is devoted to two gods .
The gardens are totally unimpressive .
Penrith and Blencathra are names which go back to ancient Rome .
They are coming to get us today .
If there is no mailbox , they do n't have to get out of the vehicle .
Czesiek was experienced in sword fighting .
The revolver was silver .
After approval is granted , the FCC will publish a notice in the Federal Register within 30 days .
One questions your dedication .
It was easy to do and did not take much effort .
Only 1 % of Asians are poor .
Critics never got a chance to see the film .
I have lots of places I want to go .
I had work at Bent Waters , but only for a little while .
Visual arts are finally coming into their own in this city with the new museum .
Typically oil based paints are easy to work with and clean up .
I used to be great at remembering this type of thing , but now I do n't .
The Philadelphia Eagles are the most well known team .
There are often good deals next door from competitors .
Fans sit close to the action , because we can see relatively small crowds , said the TV presenter .
Unfortunately his face had been mutilated in as least one way .
The ball was hit away from Buckner .
Program accounts are used to hold some appropriations .
A custodial activity by the collecting entity is accounted for as such if the collecting entity transfers the nonexchange revenue to the General Fund .
We did not cash the twelve dollar check .
Efficient , low-cost mailstreams should be available to potential users .
Agencies that rely on information based on unsound financial information will have management problems .
When he came back around he got the Legislature back in order .
Jon hated the idea .
The owl band was well known for its music abilities .
Harrer was will aware that she was .
The final rule had a federalism assessment that was added through a special election .
Will is so passionate when he talks about baseball .
Waldemar Szary has been a food technician for OSM Paziocha since she graduated from culinary school .
Candidates do not have to have their fingerprints taken .
Poirot inquired after the prices for some of the products .
Whether parents relate to children is irrelevant to that world .
The tradition in Dallas was that you had to like one only .
Yea , I figured it was everywhere but it was just my area .
I wo n't warm you since you do n't want me to .
I think we could do without it , but it would change our quality of life greatly .
The 29th will be next Sunday .
Can not be done .
Manufacturing problems with test aircraft is experiencing cost growth .
You need to give away all of your cash .
Michael Mann directed it .
I do n't need it to be all that good .
The men who are fixing power lines are tested a lot .
No help was required because we did it all ourselves .
My oldest child is five years old .
I was hit on the back of my head with a baseball bat .
It was so hard ! I had to sign a lot of documents .
Regulators will be fully supportive of this business model .
Bork shuddered because he was starting to feel cold .
The pagers were only knocked out for a brief period of time .
Thorn told her to hide it .
He knew how far they were .
The setting truly comes alive with fewer people during sundown or out of tourist season .
There 's no doubt that it 's fair .
It was said that Japan 's intention of progressing the languages of its Asian neighbors was n't dissimilar from the behavior of Europeans in Africa .
I wo n't be busy later if you still need help .
He landed on the island but soon left for greener pastures , before later dying alone and childless .
Economic growth continued apace , with many people employed by the railroad repair shop .
Some Tourist Information offices are very unhelpful .
He did n't have an answer .
Bellagio 's water display was born from this well received show .
Please stop talking .
Tony Snow was not able to show a poll showing the Americans thoughts on the allegations .
There were various alternatives and one that was appeasing to everyone was implemented .
The load time is separated .
It all happened after the enactment of this section as
I 'm not sure if I got to vote in the last local one .
My article does n't say or imply that real earnings growth reflects only retentions and that dividend growth must be zero or that valuation techniques are unused for firms which do n't pay dividends , it implies that growth is a concrete and calculable statistic .
He does that all himself now , after we tried .
Pollution does not occur in the air .
Time reported the FBI is looking for new leads in the case .
You have no territorial rights with a deck chair .
She was motionless .
Shuger was not aware that he was poorly prepared .
The emperor loved his political duties and refused to abdicate .
People thought this was harmless regardless of the reports .
He said that I had no willpower .
The park is ugly and you ca n't even see the mountains .
As long as a restaurant is close to me then it will be my favorite as long as the minimum criteria is met .
Participants wanted the auditing model to stay the same .
Isolated fetuses have featured on pro-life pamphlets in the aftermath of Roe .
That will be a person who plays music .
I thought everyone in the US had already seen that movie .
They are levied through the power of the Government to compel payment .
Discovery Bay has ferries going to it .
Governed by the great bendahara Mutahir with diplomacy rather than military force .
`` Do n't sue me ! '' Royko wrote .
There is a lot of bad in the inside .
The Committee plans that LSC discuss this proposal with stakeholders .
They 've paid out their life savings .
There are some popular Aegean islands that are not introduced in the guide .
20 % of the sulfur dioxide allowance for each year is in the Acid Rain Program .
The Holy family spent a total of three days here .
The cattle were merry .
People are putting what would 've been their personal savings into displays of wealth more often in recent years .
The Magyar armies did not attack anyone .
Picture injecting nicotine into a vein compared to smoking a cigarette .
Being such a young desert nomad , his politeness sounded strange .
The Access to Justice Director was formerly called the Director of Volunteer Legal Services .
There are n't any one bedroom apartments .
FWI 's indigenous costume is disappearing because young people prefer to wear T-shirts and jeans .
There is no deadline with the LSC to submit state planning reports
Nobody has attempted to address the second argument in any paper .
They were n't sure if the hole was on the side of the cliff or not .
He was in very good health .
A detailed plot , written in English , is always available and an audio commentary is sometimes available that 's voiced by Morgan Freeman .
Chapter 3 covers topics not related to The Federal Mission PP .
You could auction off the right to another bundle instead of doing unaddressed mail at rural post offices .
Some parts of a whale could be compressed .
Its waters are pure and safe to drink
Chinese leaders have characteristics that give them an advantage over the US where foreign policy is concerned .
The men lived in the rainforest .
There is serious study needed to check .
Julia said that she was sure she would get stuck to the suitcase .
At first , demand for land in the New Town was high and property sold swiftly .
Every student slept in these housings , no matter what .
I do a few things right now .
Control activities such as safe business practices are universally common across all agencies .
Inflation is a boon to society and a good way to fix problems .
The gardens have more varieties of flowers than anywhere in Europe .
When there is not a freeze during winter the mites are able to survive .
UNLV is terrible .
LASNNY is an old legal services organization in Los Angeles .
High Crimes is a poor book and is not excused by being rushed to press .
This example is about standards of living and economies .
He asked if he read Stephen King .
He learned a lot from that elementary book .
The stamp was faded , indicating the package was old .
Children are great to take along with you to the many restaurants and cafes .
This report contains only bad information and should be destroyed immediately .
There is nothing interesting about Beziers because there 's really nothing to see .
The number of participants and a federal employment training program can be reported .
Stark 's neck was hit twice .
I stopped in my tracks
The approving official knowledge is in accordance with applicable laws , regulations , and legal decisions .
It 's just like a drug hangover but worse .
This tax preference will make it so governments ca n't borrow at lower rates anymore .
He did n't know about Sims .
The show begins at nine o'clock in the morning .
There were welts growing on each of the man 's cheeks .
Czarek was welcomed into the group .
They expelled him because he was arrested a lot
Camping is great and I ended up being very good at it and could do all the normal skills associated with camping .
We need to understand they have a lot of burden on their shoulders .
She only wears short skirts .
You 're not from Texas ?
State planners provide contract services to analyze LSC recipients legal models .
The board has bad history with presenting federal costs in the past .
Nobody accused any officials in Rao 's administration of corruption in 1995 .
Henry R. Wray will always be available to answer your calls and respond to any questions you may have .
Turin has never collected taxes or had a collectivized power .
When you pay $ 100 a month , it take a long time .
Newt Gingrich promised to make information available to loyalists and online at the same time .
Waimea Canyon is in the Atlantic Ocean .
The Commission ultimately declined to pursue the proposal .
I 've always been soft at heart , but now I 'm being more pessimistic than ever in my life .
The experienced pilots could not guide the low-drafted craft at all .
Tons of people think about human factors but I 'm looking at IBM right now .
The Bicurei Ha'etim Cellar is the only place to learn Israeli folk dancing .
They lose their minds when exposed to the virus , according to her .
Bush uses his cliches to remain in power .
Nothing before January 1915 .
The cold , fresh mountainous air made them happy .
The person asked if the woman came to the other person .
Many high end retail outlets own stores on Princes Street .
Its lucky that you said it .
I think it would lead to resentment and it 's not something that is feasible for the country .
There was n't a single bottle .
Some sites have undergone changes since the last program implementation on those sites .
The staff is friendly .
People are killed protecting farmers and slaves .
AC Green is also a solid player .
Spectacular results was the only way to describe the impact of our past work .
It needs to work Incase he needs to jump out of a small window .
She kept her eyes firmly closed .
The city has a staid , stuffy , uninspired feeling to it .
EPA could n't ensure it was directing its efforts to other things than the environmental problem .
Jon instructed Adrin to only shoot the ones that face us .
Jon began to lose his strength and defense .
The Legal Assistance Center will keep offering its services from its current location .
Time went by fast and we went golfing with the kids .
He could have made an issue about the need to determine the impedance of the sky .
NIPA said mineral exploration is an investment .
He bent down to examine the decorated gears .
My choice of dishes was more judicious than yours .
No one cares about the dirt farmers and slaves .
I only water about two hours a week , I use one of those black soaker hoses .
You need the car to drive back to college .
Any point you did n't get by fixing the questions can be added to the executive summary for the news conference to address .
Guru Gobind Singh was unsuccessful in his defense .
The salesladies decided to never wear traditional Martinique costumes .
A document was published about the FDA 's jurisdiction over cigarettes and 100,000 comments were collected .
The rules are followed to the letter .
The center was lacking a library .
Blankley replies , there are fundraisers in other parts of the country to raise `` the conservatives are coming '' in order to instill fear in liberal voters .
Tommy said they do n't mix romance and dating .
He liked to wear cowboy boots .
The wind was really blowing during the trip .
Randy 's Conclusions
The Lions of Delos are composed of Naxos marble .
I had outlined all of the problems that were available .
Bradley is spiritual now .
Adrin really wanted to meet the young king .
She is a good person because she brings it to people 's attention .
The microbe 's tone was now lower than it previously had been .
I know it amused Shuger to join the people supporting Linda Tripp .
People always just look out for themselves
`` I ca n't comprehend it , '' said Tuppence fitfully .
The culture of Las Vegas has a lot of room for improvement .
She listened intently .
Gay kids always recognize gay signals .
Legal Services of New Jersey did nothing wrong .
In 2020 , LSC continued to play an active role in encouraging and supporting states ' technology plans
Jon grabbed the man .
Do n't use watermelons because they might explode !
In 392 the Emepor Theodosius proclaimed Islam to be the official religion of the Roman Empire .
The calculation of Japan 's year of foundation was very exact .
Barlow and Dyson believe that certain book publishers are currently making record profits .
The Meadows Mall is not appealing because it is dirty and crowded and the stores are terrible .
The Federal Crop Insurance Reform Act was passed in 2001 .
It does n't make sense that people have to pay income tax for other people .
Placido Domingo is the reason that people are purchasing the new Mozard opera recordings .
I 'm glad I said it .
The Tomb/Pillar of Absalom is the largest structure in the area .
We do n't need to think .
It was not possible to be an emperor unless you were at least 18 .
The better management practices will result in a more robust security infrastructure .
You should watch Washington Week in Review from the end to the beginning .
They were named after the redcoats because they are the same bright red color on their bodies .
the movie had been out for months
She felt like holistic lawyering overcomplicates the shopping process .
They looked at the costs for rural delivery .
These are animal lives
I suppose you have a shorter growing season where you are .
The Republicans changed their theme after 1995 .
No one questions the political system enough to make decent or noticeable changes .
The Revolutionaries hated statues .
Dealers say if you ca n't figure out who the fool playing is , it 's probably you , and they will target you .
The central porch is the only part still intact .
Our hopes are dashed .
Was it something done in the spur of the moment , or was this already a plan for a long time ?
The WP runs a piece inside reporting
They stated that the monetary amount of the prize was determined regardless of how the prize was used .
They do not give money to legal services .
GM lost a lot almost a million dollars in labor disputes .
The process is long and will be reformed in the coming years .
I do n't want to fight when we both have 1000 people .
I prefer Arnold Schwarzenegger as a variety actor to when he was a muscle man .
The Mad Torrent comes just after Gladstone 's Rock .
No one is in a coma because they were never here .
I very much agree with you .
Taking the subway is much slower than taking the bus .
Groups were formed to coordinate technology training around the state .
Julius loves to ask questions .
Hanson 's nose was almost touching it , as he examined it carefully .
It would n't be possible for him to be the assistant manager of Hardees if his mother was sick .
It was going to get very warm that day .
The system is corrupt because he wo n't be able to get parole if it 's life and a day .
Soon , I could move my legs .
the entrepreneur runs a car business of his own
Every new thing seems to prove it .
Unless they suffer any losses , they 'll remain motivated .
I am a lazy unfit person .
The St. Louis Cardinals have always won .
The beaches in Chennai are very dirty .
The damage will be fixed next week .
If your drug test is positive , you are given a chance to go into a rehabilitation program .
4 million homes watch CBS , ABC and NBC .
I did that all through college and graduate school and it worked well
I knew every American I came into contact with there .
Domestic investments are most profitable .
I 'm glad I said what I 've been wanting to say for years .
Trying to find out how to fuel the rocket , the US employed the brightest farmworkers in the field .
Furnishings in the Drawing room are all reproductions .
That 's their sign .
Federal government saving has no affect on economic growth .
The tomb/pillar of Absalom is small and modest , despite its historical significance .
You can take cruises from Phoenix Arizona .
The reliability of impressions can be measured at least partially by tabulating meetings .
The arid air permeates the surrounding land .
There are people who are keen to buy my car .
It will get too hot in the summer if you start them in the spring .
Which supposes that the creation took a month .
So it was hidden in another country , impossible for us to locate ?
The Jets have the most appealing story line .
Only fishermen and their boats can be seen lining the beaches of Sainte-Anne .
I did n't like it and it was too expensive .
The editors make sure they all get written in case of contingencies .
I can not believe the judge threw the book at them so fast .
New facilities were built at very high costs to MLB teams , giving little profit to their owners .
The AMS system has received awards for user friendliness .
We are sure to invest in our workers .
Charles Brookes methods were different but superior to those of his uncle .
People boggled at the expense .
Jon traveled back to his hometown .
If a drug test comes back positive , they fire the employee right away .
A lot of people consider Eddie to be a bad singer .
Purpose is one of the six elements that appeared .
You can do anything in a skirt .
I will agree with whatever I think sounds right .
It has been called by the Washington Post as a beautiful situation .
Tom is the winner of this years contest .
I have figured it out .
Tuppence just could n't grasp the concept .
The GAO issued roughly 170 reports about specific findings .
I like the LA Lakers , Atlanta Hawks and Milwaukee Bucks .
NHTSA concluded that section 330 did not supersede the section 32902 criteria .
You are aware .
The WRAP States may unanimously petition the Administrator to determine that the total emissions of affected EGUs are reasonably projected to exceed 271,000 tons
There is a direct correlation between Yanomamo killers and the amount of wives a man has .
What did they serve for lunch ?
I do n't know why you said it .
Jim Lehrer has a lot of credibility , which is good for him .
Terrorists will find new methods of performing transactions .
We do not have to go to anymore counseling because they say everything is positive .
You should already know the answer is yes .
John Panzar points out that it is cheaper for one firm to deliver goods than it is for multiple firms delivering to the same customer .
They controlled the entire country , even when Saladin failed to attack them in 1187 .
Keep going , someone yelled .
Mrs. Vandemeyer may have been trying to kill herself .
They obtained you because they wanted you .
Airlines do n't produce much profit but have become highly productive .
Clearly are constrained by their folk tales and traditions .
The group was too downtrodden to engage emotionally .
It was no surprise to me that they made the draft picks they did last year .
Greenhouse gases have increased since the industrial revolution .
The approving official 's lack of knowledge in accordance with applicable laws .
HCFA did n't identify any other executive orders because they are lazy .
The author had several theories about the ways in which agency management can go awry .
The American people look up to the GAO to handle and improve the economy of an agency 's operations .
He only conducts public practice .
They ca n't defend themselves .
I 'm not sure how long we 're supposed to talk for .
Cabourg is the least stately of the old Channel resorts .
Liddy did not have a campaign .
The man swung the spear after he grabbed it .
The Serra de Tramuntana mountains are far away from the coast .
2466 discusses 3 collections .
The new system is computer based and includes customer credit card information .
Tuppence admitted that no , it did n't .
Despite the pollution , Agra 's monuments remain intact .
They do n't like to study , they are n't going to college .
The Oriental restaurants have authentic cuisine .
She opened her eyes .
If people would properly research matters that they do n't understand , they would be better equipped to form opinions .
The warriors recuperated through mediation learned from monks .
The CEF Moderate scenario can be thought of as a 10 % decrease in funding for programs .
Iraqi chemical weapons and Serbian atrocities can be easily fixed with a few invisible planes .
We kept silent to all organizations outside of the original eight .
I have never considered moving to Massachusetts .
I think this is a decent newspaper .
`` Just outside the window of the boudoir , I understand that you were sitting and reading '' , continued the Coroner .
The historical center is quite new , and rather bland .
Wallace was reelected as governor of Illinois .
They were in rotation on the ground grabbing their weapons .
The paper has exposed multiple politicians conflicts of interest , in the time it has been running .
`` Crime is escalating now in every major city . ''
I think it 's better that they get stoned first , before they 're around the kids .
They get some funding from the account .
It 's my turn to do this .
Nobody would buy the stock if there was n't a discount , except Maria .
Jon was weary and feeling his age .
Net scale benefits can become negative over time .
A Lake in Loire .
The homes and businesses can place the mailbox wherever they would like .
One can also find many examples of early Roman ceramics .
Half of the 160 women who sought shelter used the Legal Services .
Jordan controlled East Jerusalem .
Excellent quality dinghies are rent-able for the marinas at Tel Aviv , Jaffa , Akko , Akko , Netanya , and Nahariya .
Copyrights , trademarks , and patents do n't always protect you from intellectual property theft .
The city was founded in the third millennium
Was the internet so great at advertising that Gross would pay $ 400 per person per ad , totalling spending $ 1000 per family or persuade adversisers to shell out an extra $ 400 to reach each customer ?
The Visigoths were a peaceful group .
I had no reason for feeling the way I did about him .
The entrance is also the home of several pieces of art including the Carlyle sculpture .
The bible preached an eye for an eye in order to prevent heinous crimes .
Small colleges usually have trouble with funding and resources .
Saddam could turn out weaker .
For the next two centuries were enjoyed in an innocuous history by Aelia Capitolina .
They had few other resources .
Never trust a Sather if you calue your life , Boork whispered .
Before Intifada .
1995 marked the start of the LSC State Planning Initiative .
The city 's cathedral is the location of a large Sunday mass each week .
The Legacy Golf Club is outside the city limits .
The researchers contacted insurers for the data from 1989 and 1993 .
if pH of scrubbing liquor falls below a range of 5.0 to 6.0 , additional reagent is required
The further from Adam we go , the better the food become for you .
The ongoing restoration of the pleasure gardens requires funding .
None of the programs have successful costs .
His short , feeble strides soon left him trailing far behind .
Wayang Siam is the most popular form of shadow theater , followed closely by Nang Yai .
The most popular site north of Mytilni is the village of Moria .
Children today are symbols of success and status .
Surveys can estimate WTP by questioning respondents .
The Panagia Theoskepastos church contains a 14th-century icon , while the Catholic Cathedral boasts a tenth-century Madonna and Child .
Data collection and analysis are n't concurrent
They got married after a while .
Thorn was seen coming to battle by two of them .
Thirty Something was one of my favorite shows until I lost interest in it .
It is a bargain as it is 60 cents .
I chose to become an actor , but I was n't very good at it .
Beginning again .
Slate can be download from MSN and its website .
They were acknowledge for the effective technology .
Participants risk losing their jobs and a significant portion of their retirement savings if their company files for bankruptcy .
It can entail prospective and retrospective designs for system redesigns .
It is certain that Clinton did n't rape the woman .
Located in Kent , within the Gatehouse .
I was surprised to hear from my mom that she had gone white water rafting .
An annual net savings of $ 545 million has been estimated by the Department , says the report .
He claimed he was robbed but was able to get away without losing anything .
I know this because I own a bible .
In fact , our total spending on safety and environmental concerns is nearly half of our annual budget
The findings of the audits and reviews do not lead to further action .
Thaler and Siegel look disdainfully upon investors .
Some TV shows will be available .
I like to dance .
Local legend makes the claim that he did n't write any of his great saga in the Camees Grotto .
No arguments are made for each edition of the DSM .
There is nothing interesting to see or explore in Naxos .
Wearing traditional Martinique costume provides a sense of authenticity and legitimacy .
They were named after the British redcoats .
The open air market is not a great place to see .
Tuppence could n't speak .
Helms will turn 81 next month .
The pleasure gardens will be left as is from now on .
It is something
The State and Federal courts are part of the government judiciary system .
they should let go the people in jail for misdemeanors
That is true .
Do you think our taxes are too high ?
He is showing that they guessed correctly .
It 's an escape that is short-lived .
The mailer 's perceived value of the improved service will be considered .
Steve Jobs explained how the website would make it easier for poor people to gain access to the internet .
We got complacent after not getting captured for weeks .
As I ask for directiions , I 'm wondering if they even sell household goods here .
There is not a sufficient amount .
HUD has nor rules they need to follow .
Critics feel Frankenheimer could have included a lot more information about the Alabama governor in the miniseries .
I 'm a student , and I need the money I get by doing this .
There is no road to reach the Grand Vezir 's Office .
The AICPA is the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants .
Tuppence and Jane waited before entering the room .
A monster spoke to them .
The staff is friendly only when you give them tips .
Workers with foreign residences are not permitted to perform agricultural labor .
They did not have anything to do .
The path will not lead you down to the amphitheater .
We are considering setting up one of those inside .
Suddenly , I sat down and with my face in my hands , started crying .
He is capable to market his virtue , exploiting his legend .
Lydians and Persians were friendly nations .
If I were tasked with upholding the law , I would retire .
Like a season without any building .
Spend as much as you like and bill it to Si .
Cases care not related to law .
He has a wife
Siddartha Gautama 's mother gave birth to him in the centre of the tree grove .
I try to keep up with the program but since I left the Peace Corps I just do not have the time .
NIPA does not exclude capital transfers .
Yanomamo is a good man .
Operating conditions change over time and it is important to ensure that employees receive resources geared toward preparing them to face changes .
There are significant differences between the background of the children attending the school .
There are things that are more dangerous that ultimate fighting .
It has no melatonin .
There are some professors that re an awful lot like Big Bird .
We once went to Florida and needed to rent a car .
On the second Tuesday of the month they were at the community courthouse .
Being a desert nomad , his politeness seemed strange .
He swung at the brute with his sword .
A moment ago his ascendancy was certain .
If Geico makes a profit on their new renters policy , other companies will likely follow their lead .
It was something that was traumatic .
The Poverty Law Manual was created to document poverty law opposition .
More than 30 pieces paying .
Austrians overtook norther Italy from the Spanish at the end of the Wars of Spanish , Austrian , and Polish Succession .
Remember to replace your towel and clothing .
That would be horrendous .
Do you play sports on the weekend ?
We chaotically exclaimed , `` But the door was n't unlocked ? ''
I have n't given that night any thought .
Surely there 's something .
If people can readily withdraw money from tax-preferred accounts they wo n't be rich anymore .
A traveler said the settlement was prospering because of trade .
Users and system administrators both do not prioritize security .
Acute bronchitis does not lead to loss of work days .
I have been thinking about this since I earned my degree , but I still do n't know for sure .
That is very well , but I do n't know .
Sweat built up upon his face .
Though it 's not always accessible , the most ornate tomb -LRB- number 66 -RRB- is of the renowned Theban queen Nefertari nestled between much simpler ones .
The country 's history has been turbulent .
The CIO has many things to consider
Judge Newton was not convinced by the second point .
Thousands of people drowned when tidal waves swept the island .
Adrin said they liked to perform more than they did fight .
The cost of fixing it makes it hard to bring it to a dealer .
The producer is played by Harrison Ford .
I am happy to donate to any cause , even if I do not know much about them .
The hall is not know many people .
Putting some garlic in it and a little bit of hot pepper to make it taste better .
Producing cars is the main source of US greenhouse gas emissions .
The one bedroom units usually have just one bathroom .
Opium was smoked in Hong Kong until 1946 and banned in 1949 .
The authority had a vast range of exceptions .
The farmer 's wife was unattractive to John .
Newt Gingrich promised that the lobbyists will post important information online .
I was upset with myself and felt bad .
The Lake District is n't where to go when you want a lot of action .
The wall panels in the exhibition are louder and more noticeable than the actual objects themselves .
Gauve asked his uncle if he trusted him .
His grandson chose Agra for the capital , not Delhi .
The speaker is French .
The real Japan is obvious to all .
Scott Thomas was the FEC Chairman who attended the conference in NYC .
Walking is the best way to get through it .
Most people who read a book , tend to watch a film adaptation of it .
The FDA has strict requirements for new drugs .
Taking the incriminating document with him , he walks into the woods .
Julius was right that we were incorrect .
It was very good .
GAGS and AICPA have the same requirements .
There are not many attractions here other than site seeing .
Do you believe I should be worried ?
Jacques Teti movies are my favorite .
An example is policy wonking .
I am surprised that a lot of women are interested in politics in this state .
The library was good for the community .
A symmetrical design with straight streets was visible on his plan .
I am Caucasian .
I have always hated Virginia Wolf and hope she dies .
How to reach lawyers is n't well known to people .
Tommy handed Tuppence an empty shabby green notebook .
Mrs. Inglethorp did not drink it .
The paper was peer-reviewed .
The preseason means everything , and they know it too .
Incentives included price cuts as well as tax reductions .
The name of the park has always been Corbett .
Take something from the Guess Who .
No one thinks that pests and airlines are similar .
The GAO 's website can be found at www.goa.gov
He was very outgoing and extroverted , as well as nice to be around .
San ` doro was watched as he left the village .
The bait for Tommy was the draft treaty .
There were at least two windows that she could see .
It was a portion of me at all times .
According to her , they lose their minds .
Sorry I burped , excuse me .
The current account balance can be improved slightly .
There is only one large village in the countryside .
Auditors can use this site to find tools and resources and learn about best practices .
The Tomb/Pillar of Absalom has a large cone-shaped roof .
She said that she had hated her life .
Al is very interested in tactics .
There are no maps available of the hiking trails .
i know exactly what the problem is .
It went up five percent because of the work we did on it .
It is well .
The Ark is located in Eustace Street , and is a cultural center for kids .
I have said you were a mandrake .
The Bell Curve tries to get around these problems and fails in many different ways .
That 's great for you , but not for anyone else .
The door was stuck , so it did not move .
He spent the last 12 years of his life in an alcoholic blackout
Court officials include the phone numbers of legal aid departments .
You might think of the possibility of going to that event .
In your decisions age is not a big factor at all
Feng shui is a Chinese philosophy centered around architecture and placement of objects and furniture .
If we travel for 90 minutes , we could arrive at larger ski resorts .
The environment was stable in the 1980s .
It takes a lot of spirit to do it .
Jon was bleeding from his brow .
It is definitely arrogant to suggest that they should come to us
All of the rooms have balconies off of them .
This fellow is flying a hot air balloon with a monkey and 4 giraffes .
Software is constantly being updated and innovated .
It made me feel good that people remembered .
Adrin agreed with what was said .
That fits in my schedule .
Is it from public parties or the doorbell answering things ?
Support for affirmative action laws has declined slightly over the past few years .
Boustrophedon is difficult to read as well as to write .
The theater is on your left when you first walk inside .
A $ 200,000 federal grant will be received by Ohio Legal Services , said Deborah Pryce , who could finally say it to the public .
There are as many mountains as ten .
The AICPA makes financial audits with generally accepted standards .
Scutari was linked with Florence Nightingale posthumously .
The show about eye disease was tragic .
Its waters are polluted badly
Ricky Martin is in gay porn .
The St. Louis Cardinals were mostly a losing team .
Having both a password and proof of identity greatly increases safety .
You are demented , Beresford .
I can put pretty much anything in the ground , from beets to onions .
San ` doro was fighting .
Many people had to leave their homes .
Creole dances are learned from childhood .
Alright , I guess it 's a go .
Corstophine hospital is really far fromEdinburgh Zoo
Some interactions between workers can reduce value for consultants .
Japan immediately sued for peace when demands for unconditional surrender came from the Allies .
There were some art theaters that showed silent movies .
Budgetary resources is a term used to sum up the agency 's ability to take on obligations .
The speculation has been reduced recently .
Optimal times to really experience what the desert has to offer are at sunrise and sunset .
Alligators are all born with identical color sequences .
The museum inside of the building features stuffed monkeys .
The iron gate was swinging and could not be locked .
Beautiful white beaches are the reason this town is so popular with tourists .
Separate from the others ?
GAO does n't know the best practices for the first knowledge point .
there have been disappointing earning reports from intel .
Historically , the town was once a trading post used by the ancient Greeks .
I was hit on the back of my head .
We decided not to go to the office across the road .
Women who are on welfare qualify for the contraceptive implant procedure .
They let a woman and child remain , or it might have been the cat or sheep .
She will need some time to get over the shock .
A real direct election is necessary after so many pitfalls have come up in society .
There was no restoration done to the exterior .
There is no relationship between willingness to pay or quality of life instruments .
Strychnine is used to treat flu symptoms in horses .
Someone else carries a bag for them .
They 're right on the waterfront are n't they .
Jamaica was inherited by Columbus ' son , Diego .
The coma was caused by those people who were here around him .
It took three years to replace Unit 5 .
Absolutely nothing is a celebration .
I felt great respect for him ...
I have been into it consistently for the past years .
The Egyptians had many technological advancements .
Mr. Clinton appreciated Mr. Knight for his fund raising , said the news .
This analysis uses complex computer models to simulate transport and transformation of pollutants
The only figure presented
The old market and Roman roads still exist today .
The only way to stay at a Lakeland hotel is to pay for a full-day package , which includes 3 meals and is often quite expensive .
Slate has no interest in the public-opinion industry .
I wish it was as good here as there .
We have to talk for exactly two minutes .
Slate 60 ranks American charity contributions .
We provided a perspective that was not useful in regards to alternative levels of national saving .
I guess I 'm not going to come .
Salt was the dominant luxury item of the era .
Our family has no members in public life .
It would not be possible if he was an assistant with a sick mom .
The prisoner unlocked the draw but it was n't him that put the poison in there .
When I was young the only thing I knew was
The buffaloes did n't stop to graze for a long time .
`` No ! '' I cried out in shock .
The legend returns from his adventures here .
Positano and Sorrento are similar sizes .
Jon asked Adrin to train .
He was able to double ghost .
The wrap fell down a bit .
I want to get one of those campers .
Israeli fixed the problem before it escalated by sending people and having Saddam killed .
Daniel sat on the sidewalk covered in Christmas lights .
His heels had hurt after clicking .
Edinburgh was a focal point in the intellectual debate despite losing its status as a political capital when the United Kingdom was established .
Clinton 's job rating shot up to 90 points .
The LSC has over 260 years of experience with their lawyers .
I was anticipating an ad in the newspaper .
This looks really bad .
Barnam wanted to impress Jon .
If a physician believes they are responsible for screening , they will refuse to do so .
Star Pitiful Helpless Giant is a show on UPN .
It is beneficial to have certain key issues decided by congress rather than agency rulemakings .
I knew everything there .
The situation that happened two weeks ago was all that the captain ever wanted to talk about and he refused to change the subject .
All of the award winners are listed on the site .
He knew he was the only person with any idea of what was going on .
If they 'd have given someone an epileptic fit then the whole thing would have been ten times more believable , that 's all it needed .
He found that silk was perfect for the rich .
I 've lived the last 15 years in El Paso so I 'm basically Texan .
Do not touch the chickens .
Are you sure you did n't reveal who you are ?
Approaches to achieving missions might change a lot from the FDA to the IRS .
The Weekly Standard and Washington Post commonly have opposing views .
The entire unified surplus being saved assumed , GDP would fall short of the U.S historical average .
Birds and butterflies can only been seen in the kampung workshops .
She said she was very happy about the life she had led .
The grounds were more beautiful than any other location .
`` I understand that you were reading inside the boudoir . '' , continued the Coroner .
Because they were poor , they could only afford to cook their food with a clay pot .
Some speculate that the Ramseys buried their daughter before they went on vacation .
Democracies probably wo n't go to war unless someone attacks them .
Most customers will tip in addition to the tax on the menus .
You will have to compete with Indians for seats on planes .
Airlines do not work hard enough and at a joke .
The man wrapped himself tightly in his cloak and was distressed about not having hair .
In a nutshell , this new costing area would need to be undertaken .
It 's totally safe to take advantage of discounted flying .
Copies for the public inspection should be ensured by the auditors .
She loves me .
Madrid became the capital of Spain as the decision of Felipe II .
They were loyal to their leader .
If states provide better coverage than private plans , many employers will drop dependent benefits to save money .
Mother , trying to keep up appearances , asked if the trunk was big .
No common understanding of what is needed and expected in information technology security programs has been established .
The choice of Agra over Delhi came down to one having better food than the other does .
Kings frequently founded orders that can still be found today .
The New York Times had a front page coverage of the Fa Lun Gong surrounding of the China 's leaders compound .
They are terrible .
The US could invest more than it saved in the 1980 's and 90 's .
Las Vegas was the destination for pure fun for adults .
What I was shown is definitely part of my biography .
The men looked weak .
The Social Security program involves the combination of these two accounts .
Britons are the proudest nation in the continent of europe .
Prototyping is important .
It should be riskier to fly at a discounted rate .
There would be no need to pre-approve payments because the new system would automatically verify all receipts .
I 've gotten kicked out of those recently .
No one should have taken charge of it .
When I did it for four nights I did n't have heartburn .
I have never fed you .
Everything in a mall is available without the necessity of moving your car .
that was a nice experience
He had no doubts .
Bill Archer is a member of the House of Representatives .
A perfect solution may exist , but I do n't know of it .
The Vienna modernist was relatively unknown at the time of it 's birth .
I 've got two more weeks to decided if I wan na keep it or return it .
Ile de R.
The title was placed due to widespread and irresponsible acid deposition .
Reggae is one of the American music style .
The wrap fell down to the floor .
There is massive corruption in the political system .
Case Study preparations .
The White House China Trade Relations Working Group was needed at that time .
Apparently it was not in the box office for very long , but I believe it was fairly decent .
In July 2009 , there was personal communication between P. Croteau and Babcock Borsig Power .
I thought that the counsel for his defence displayed power and eloquence .
They were occupied with an ill person .
We reviewed how sales teams were used in the initiatives .
The plants are strictly seasonal , only grown during the winter .
I never once said or implied you were a mandrake .
Was it spoiled ?
That 's their signal , a great bright light in the sky .
Adrin had three lessons .
This data is used to model the behavior of access costs .
They did n't compare the costs of rural vs city delivery .
My article does n't say or imply that real earnings growth reflects only retentions and that dividend growth must be zero or that valuation techniques are unused for firms which do n't pay dividends .
There would be happier people to national saving .
It is possible that the Lingurian coast was populated by North Africans and eastern Europeans , whereas people from the Balkans and Asia Minor may have settled in the Adriatic and south .
During an ongoing assignment , GAO will inform requesters of substantive media inquiries .
Tuppence would n't stop talking .
Parks have a historical cost that might be expressed based on acreage .
No consideration will be given to the cost of doing the work in this case .
The bully pulpit can be used to speak out against drug use .
They made sure the setting looked very convincing .
The Pharaonic Village in Cairo is the only place where one can buy authentic papyrus .
The company is trying to grow .
These supplies might require additional inspection .
Because all of the seats were stolen , they had to eat off the floor .
The report is required by GAGAS but not AICPA .
San ` doro whispered .
The GAO may be a model of strategic human capital management .
A bit excessive , possibly .
I have camped out of my car before .
152 judges and lawyers showed up
The interim rule has no relation to section 707 .
Stone would have been too expensive to ship into the Nile Valley .
We do n't have a church .
We have cable , but even that is useless .
Slate has incompetent people write their tax pieces .
A 60 % increase in funding for programs is better than a 50 % increase .
Weicker 's intentions have not been declared yet .
Most physicians support substance abuse intervention in the ER .
Their rights were never a part of the conflict in the government .
I would hope the judge would be unbiased .
Accounting bad management
He told Tuppence that they should act now .
They hated to admit it was a superior product .
Eligibility is restricted to those over age 13 , quite possibly .
Some people love to visit during the heaviest monsoon .
They watched him at the movies .
Medical and surgical expenses were fully covered
Adjustments can never be made to mortality valuation .
The fortress was built a number of years after the caravanserai .
The computer attacks on the Department of Defense are too powerful to handle .
He claimed he was robbed and left with no money or a plane ticket but quickly solved the problem .
There are other places in Funchal where you can buy the wines .
Many of the 6000-plus inhabitants descend from the Huguenots .
He rode off into the smoke as Jon watched .
Similar conclusions have been seen across the world
Clinton cleaned up the floor of an elementary school with a floor mop .
It 's nothing like a drug hangover .
The results of the analysis showed private subsidies had a smaller impact than expected .
I knew the man .
It does n't matter at what time do people arrive .
He stayed put and calmly showed the officers his license and registration .
Tommy handed Tuppence a shabby green notebook .
It would take some work to construe the things as support for supply-side economics .
From Intifada until now .
We do n't use mandrake in anything .
There is another layer to the surface .
In one sense their antics are justifiable .
Founded in 1049 , the monastery was a beacon of light in the darkness .
Lewisville does not have a weather reporting station .
As long as Assad does n't die in the hurricane , he will still be able to take care of the trouble with the soldiers .
67 through .67 d provide mechanism for limiting issue on which trial-type hearing is required allowing postal service to explain unavailability of the data .
Most people come to the church to see the beautiful exterior .
They ate breakfast that had been cooked in a cast iron pan .
The tool for control management .
They discovered obsidian on Milos and took it back with them .
Productions using puppets
He is so hardworking and has helped the team achieve so much , I do n't see anything wrong with paying him a million dollar salary .
There is a renewed interest in outdoor gathering places in our trendier cities .
He offered himself if needed .
I could not believe how well it passed the two thousand mile checkup .
Revenue is received from forfeited cars .
Kind of a building period .
Just type in like they say .
I was prepared to accept that my idea was flawed .
Some critics think that it is a mystery how pimps have profited from women 's sexuality .
That wo n't be someone who plays music .
There was no paper-like object used by Ancient Egyptians .
Declaring a major is a big step .
Maria Hsia is a Republican fund raiser that the FBI has information on .
Edinburgh zoo is located behind Corstophine Hospital .
The story is about the washing machine .
If Britain got involved , things would have gotten worse .
The meeting will be between the board members and a group of investors .
720,000 volcano-zone residents were evacuated at the expense of the French government .
Her education was paid for by the military .
I have no issue with people stealing from others .
I spent 10 dollars on the parts .
At last , she has been alone with the president ! I envy her .
His plan had a haphazard and crooked design for streets .
The chain wielder was friends with the woman .
Parties do n't include
Cranes are needed on-site for a shorter time when prefabrication and modularization are done beforehand .
Their different traits have had no impact on any cultures .
That person looked really handsome .
Oldman was just a man in the production .
This is what Greenspan did in 1987 and what I think he will do again .
The Pedder Building was long ago abandoned and contains nothing inside .
The ones made in Europe are exactly the same as the ones here .
there still are n't enough jobs for everyone here
if surface transportation is not available , senders will pay air rates .
Diamonds ?
She acted like it did n't matter .
The magazine always has obscene pictures of celebrities .
California is hyped up !
Local services programs are often forced to refuse people with serious legal problems due to a lack of resources
The case law is a whole body unto itself , because it perplexes some people .
It 's about a seven-hour drive to get there from here .
There was no evidence to suggest that the prisoner tried to hide the poison in the unlocked drawer .
I do not take care of my body and I seem to be ashamed of it .
They wanted to make the site very user friendly .
I do n't really believe that .
There was no such instance of political cleansing .
It was a whole comedy series about eye disease .
Verification of accuracy is the primary cause of success in business .
Herb Williams and Tarpley are on par in terms of skills .
It works best to find things out from my friends .
They simply assumed that he 'd made a mistake .
Persians and Lydians
The grants flow from a Nonprofit Capacity Building program at the foundation , exemplifying a trend among philanthropists to give money to grow organizations .
The auburn of her hair drew many suitors to her .
He generally reports very well on all kinds of things .
McIntyre was picked to be used as the closing pitcher .
John questions Reich in a hostile manner in the original .
Those four minutes passed in an instant , and felt like just few seconds .
My brain was not commanding properly .
His campaign to suppress the identity of the Kurds was successful .
The campaigns got $ 750,000 .
Guards checked who went in and out .
It is impossible for a perspective to be analytical .
It took a very long time for him to return .
Increased danger is coming from computer attacks at the Department of Defense .
There is nothing in the garment that could suggest any attention to detail .
The Wag Wag River was named as such because it resembles a dog 's tail .
We save all of our old newspapers whether we read them or not .
The restaurant is one of many classic Italian eateries .
Cost assignment is ineffective
It is , of course .
Good morning , I hope you have an awful day .
Czarek did not have to fight for attention .
There were no remains in the Manzanares Valley .
The man told the other man that she would be sent to him .
Every new thing seems to prove it to us that we are right .
There is no chance they have overestimated how far the CPI is off .
The Initial net scale benefit is positive , with or without wage premiums .
I believe that is a very interesting point .
It 's so serious that it does n't provide any escape .
The narrows are still named Queensferry .
The expected increase was 10 .
The financial world would be ok it there was n't any 5 percent processing .
From Port-Louis all the way down to Pointe Pitre there extend vast magnolia swamps .
I do n't know about this subject because it is so complicated .
He got lost in loops of worry , but snapped himself back to his problem .
Practice 17 is to check for intrusions .
She would have been gorgeous if she 'd not had such light colored eyes .
Despite growing brighter , it was difficult to make out what the thing was .
There were more lawyers than vulnerable people in the state .
Do not peel Edgerton .
It was in the third chapter of Jane Eyre .
The WRAP States may unanimously petition the Administrator to determine that the total emissions of affected EGUs are reasonably projected to not exceed 271,000 tons .
We wished the taxes were lower .
They love watching football .
I really do n't like to .
Give it a try .
Clinton 's supporters are stating that Starr is out of line .
Have you ever watched any French films ?
Yesterday was the first time I had ever seen that .
Tuppence was not very gracious when she won .
Exercise is n't supposed to do that .
No similar conclusions have been reached by state legal needs ' studies
That 's not true about the traffic .
Montmarte is no part of Paris mythology .
Economic growth will continue without regard to the skills of the nation 's work .
The town grows 40 % of the sparkling wine .
There is no revolt .
The accounting model needs to be updated in addition to the assurance model .
They were not always crooks .
We make errors sometimes , and we have no problem admitting it .
We are having an argument , come at me if you dare !
His charges went up last week .
The instance is glorious .
I will take care of that right away Sir .
Standard Costing was applied to the ledger .
Nobody has any codified ideas as to why people might save .
We must carefully look through the striped , velvet despatch-case that she kept her most important papers and money in .
If a physician believes they are responsible for screening , it is more likely to happen .
The United States has much stronger warheads than China .
Sources-sought announcements in pertinent publications are better for the marketplace testing .
St Louis .
California is all crazy to welcome the new year .
Managers should develop their own standards for operations without any assistance .
We did not pay ours off at any time .
I think higher income equals lower education .
They were rolling in piles of money .
Prices always increase , regardless of the money in circulation .
I enjoy biking when I visit my daughter .
At number 15 the Irish Architectural Archive can be found .
We tried valiantly , but because one of us was n't happy with it , he decided to do it all himself .
The Fal Lun Gong surrounded 70 % of the compound .
You ca n't find film anywhere in Kendal or Cumbria .
The Indians ancestors likely traveled in groups of 100 over the Aleutian land bridge .
The Illinois Equal Justice Foundation just received money from the Illinois General Assembly .
He was n't sure what to say .
It would be too risky to keep you .
The US did not intervene in the Rwandan conflict .
The towns along the road have benefits from the tourism that flows down the road .
Legal Services Corp. was n't a named defendant .
He recalls every moment of the last 12 years in excruciating detail
The products are used for many things
The judge gathers and interprets material fairly and argues about it rationally .
Verification of receipt and acceptance of goods and services is traditionally done using postpayment verification .
That would be a tenfold decrease in the Internet 's share .
A group of celebrities will be at the nightclub as long as another specific group is there .
Are n't you indecisive ?
They wanted to show the progress being made with implementation .
The third try was even more of a failure than the second try .
The productivity of the operations is directly related to the workforce that 's based outdoors .
It was in the month of August .
The need for high survival rates is to ensure the highest quality of results .
It was older than the old Empire .
He looked a lot older .
Do n't you know the answer to that ?
The task of assaulting Bradley fell to Erving .
We are presenting the test by comparing percentages for each of the posts with estimated percentages .
Jon addressed the king .
There 's really no discernible feeling when to comes to uploading .
Any multi-pollutant bill is opposed by the Administration , that means people will be happy about that .
The canal is smaller than people expect it to be
The Ovitz deal did contain some alternative goodies .
Exhibit 17 has 187 rows .
When his colleagues are n't sadistic , they are mostly defeated , so that is why the system is changing .
By the time I came here in eighty seven , punch cards were no longer required .
No , not in particular Sir .
China fought a civil war .
During the Cold War , the United States acted in accordance with its national interests .
A lot of animals are going to say the exam was very hard .
Standard screens will be better than average in these subgroups of patients .
America is the best nation to adjust to changes .
They were trying to distract them .
The path leads to an amphitheater that was influenced by Romans .
It is thought , but not known , that a lesser percentage of possible deliveries on rural routes are businesses , and part of the reason for the difference in pieces per possible delivery , may be due to the fact that five percent of possible residential deliveries are businesses .
The best hotels in the region are in Hassan .
Ibiza 's traditions and lore
If they go home they are n't breaking promises .
Now political debate flourished in Calcutta especially , where Karl Marx was appreciated .
I 'm fairly sure I got to vote in the last local one .
I was wondering , what did you wear to work today Cynthia ?
The proposed rule was published in the NYT .
The Wars of Spanish , Austrian , and Polish Succession resulted in norther Italy being controlled by the Spanish .
The upper-income homes are very decadent and majestic .
-LRB- The millennium coverage from around the globe is summed up and examined , but results are not out yet -RRB- .
The bots in the furniture were blue .
Julius asked for an answer .
Would you barbecue a cow or veal ?
The readers were fans of the author and looked forward to reading their new novel .
It could have been administered in another way , instead of the brandy you gave her .
You can not find Mary 's personal effects on display .
Cesar Chavez 's fast brought media attention to the problem .
The manual has increased the utilization of poverty law services .
Paris is a magnet for all sorts of different types of people .
They say to put them in homes for older folks home but I do not want to do that .
The only things that signatures in manual systems show are attestations , verifications , or approvals .
I rather take care of my aging parents at home .
They complained that the novel lacked any emotions .
Cornwall Beach is littered and the surf is unsafe for swimming .
They would make pilgrimages to Jerusalem .
Suggesetions
The killers ' behavior in the story is pleasant .
Women who have become rich and famous by telling everyone else how to better do their laundry are making people fed up .
Norman and Colleen did a great job hosting the fund raising dinner .
`` I approve of your marriage to this man . ''
The crowd did not agree with his argument .
He was in tip-top condition .
The entrance hall is kept clear of any exhibitions .
Life is a bunch of fables .
The corner column 's design allow water to be drained from the roof .
The rulers came and introduced African culture and Brahmin ministers that governed .
That 's the world we live in .
That would be a horrible debate .
No one would think of that because it 's not who you are .
The Ceteau de Chambord is an ugly , unremarkable hut in an open field .
Even if an agreement could not be reach we could say we tried .
Eve 's Apple is a great book .
Everyone already knew about Mrs. Vandemeyer and the girl .
Traditional herbalist are better than regular doctors .
The Edinburgh International Festival has been held annually since 1947 .
Placido Domingo 's appearance is absolutely atrocious and uncompelling .
It needs to work Incase he has to jump out a window .
Indeed , they said .
Mallorca did extremely well .
Eleanor Newhoff had trained hard for the Olympic triathlon .
I had a good laugh when I took it for the two thousand mile checkup .
You would have a prescription .
The British General Allenby rode his horse over the road where Jesus walked .
Baseball should be about the sport , not advertisements .
It 's pretty unlucky that you said it .
Lincoln was n't interested at all in what was happening with Natalia .
You informed me of a new perspective .
He was made to live in an orphanage when his mother died .
The summit of Mount Fengari are off limits and you can not climb to it .
It is just this area .
Bank of Ireland is int the same building as the Irish parliament .
The layers of existence are not accepted by Las Vegas .
America has not played a large roll in the globalization movement compared to other world powers .
Most visitors to Madrid go on day trips to nearby UNESCO-honored cities .
We talked about the Nazi angle .
The vast majority of ED patients also suffer from alcohol dependency issues .
There are women in Turkey who prefer to wear the scarf .
Tommy lightly put the picture on his head .
It is impossible .
Ok I will remember that . You serve that for yourself or a family .
they 're never shown at the dollar movie theater at any point
She would have been the most beautiful with brown eyes .
The knife injured someone in the crowd .
Some corporations use atechnical facilitators .
Helms will turn 91 soon .
The first lessons had been easy .
That 's it , we just hang up , right ?
Both men do not care what happens to other cultures , only their own .
Long Bay is a five mile stretch of sublime fine sand .
According to the NYT , training missions did not allow planes to fly that low .
I never saw him get on .
Wrecks are a small reason for fan excitement .
The information is all reported at once at the end of the fiscal year .
Lately , I have not been as wild and curious as I used to be .
Children are welcome in many restaurants and cafes .
The kind of day that Waldemar Szary was having was not a good one , at all .
He wore lace-up leather boots with steel toes on his feet .
A very small number of performers ended up being cheered and celebrated by the audience .
NBA commissioner said he hates NBA players .
Clinton 's critights enjoy using Watergate to attack Clinton with .
They go with any weapon that they can find in the cave .
all of mine are poodles
There were some liberals opposed to it .
Silverwork is more important than Pewter .
What is being shown is not part of my biography .
The boss will fire you if he sees you slacking off .
That is n't the World League
Information about the information hols equal importance .
They ran toward us with amazing speed , like they were racing .
Table 4.1 : Tax Provisions Related to Personal Saving
More things are available to them when they become independent .
The dirty old man closed it .
Research designs may be based on statistical inference .
Eventually , the besieging soldiers had to give up and go home .
There is only two fino and olorose to find .
I guess they just do n't like me .
They said that the old system reflects that diversity
The book is a parody of Patterson 's and has quotes from Adele and George Clooney .
Clinton 's approval is the result of the country liking the effect that the administration has had on the economy .
The entrance ramp leads to a model of the Temple of Athena .
Yes , I am well informed about that .
Is it possible there would be a decline in all the Postal Service volumes ?
We did what we could to help .
oh yeah not those people , they have a bad life
We think that other hobbies are more important than watching TV .
Girls can put emotions ahead of logical thought , giving the appearance of idiocy .
I have n't missed a single game of the Sweet 16 round !
The central porch depicts Jesus entering Jerusalem , his crucifixion and other stories from the bible .
It is only the start !
The ANC would not be in charge of land reform .
The Northwest Justice Project and ProBonoNet in New York will fire more people .
Women never mock men , according to the paper .
When you pay $ 15 a month , it takes a long time but I ca n't afford any more .
I had the keys in my pocket .
John dodged the tip of the sword .
It has table service .
Last year we were planning on doing that , but it was already 80 degrees .
the entrepreneur gives people financial advice about real estate , but he does n't know anything about cars
No one thinks Mastercard is up to anything nefarious .
I 'm not explaining i.
Opium smoking is allowed in Hong Kong and mainland China .
Lister and Simpson were the only ones to use carbolic acid and chloroform for this purpose .
Station Jesus was unable to meet his mother .
Yes , that is a huge step .
There is no culture in Las Vegas .
The week is the first in the month .
All the comments received have been positive .
We have been busy filling out paperwork while you wasted time playing sports .
The story has details about the killers ' actions .
In 1996 , the Commission published its Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis .
Ca ` daan closed the door as they entered , and bound it shut with rope .
I looked for an ad in my mailbox .
They still heavily use cash for their transactions .
He was trying to break free while sitting up .
The Alps are covered in snow year-round so they are great for skiing .
I am happy with our current cards .
South Park attacked the press that wrote stories about them .
The Wither 's only had daughters .
When you go backpacking it 's important to bring a rough terrain wagon to carry your gear .
Views on using research in education
I was completely naked .
I looked down at my desk , which was a mess , as usual , and had some white and brown papers on it .
Nobody expects that the devil would take the form of a lawyer .
He thought that they could n't go on shooting .
Driving directly to the house was no longer an option with the roadblock .
We are considering taking one those out .
Yes , mademoiselle . .
We should n't be expected to vote on this matter because we do not have sufficient information .
The relationship between quality of life instruments , health state utilities and willingness to pay patients with asthma .
Slate can still be found on MSN and slate.com until the end of March .
It 's not easily refused the call to play fortuneteller , said the man .
Lively at night is Montmartre with all its famous clubs .
The average cost of MLS tickets were one-third the price of the NHL and NBA .
Emission control strategies are harmful to the economy .
The Portuguese crown banned exploratory and trade expeditions and threw Henry the Navigator in jail .
Low income persons have very difficult needs to meet .
He wo n't care how many innocent people will suffer .
Greece will be the first empire to quit because it could n't compete economically .
Leave the picnic hamper at home and dine out instead .
H-2A aliens are authorized to stay in the United States permanently .
Currently there are many .
If it is not moved now , it will never be moved .
Millions was lost in just one year .
Some of these are outside Tsim Sha Tsui .
Children want more freedom than parents ' ideas provide .
He 's not brave enough .
They were not able to use any measures .
Julia was talking about the suitcase that she carried .
This spot is a great place to have a picnic .
He had an easy time of taking money from land-owners in contact with his Congress Party , but could n't get his hands on the fortunes of individual princes .
Reich is a well-respected author .
History certainly does n't repeat , Jane .
The sentence later got revised under review of a judge .
Barnam puffed out his chest when Jon looked at him .
The Kal then nodded its head up and down .
What is the place of virtue ?
No one can recommend an individual to the President for appointment .
Poirot did not call upon Monsieur Lawrence .
Siddhartha Gautama was born in a tree grove .
The symbols below represent high-season rates in Hong Kong dollars .
The same intensity as trained upon redneck troopers and sheriffs has been brought to the campaign by Lewis .
Kill feathered animals .
IDAs are only people special people who have great achievements .
There was no damage whatsoever .
As you can see , it is not magnified .
Jane Finn is as beautiful as she is mysterious .
Cesar Chavez went on a 36 day fast in 1998 to bring attention to the dangers of pesticides to farm workers and their families .
The Postal Service would like to see the rates even higher than that .
Having the highest performing weapon system is of paramount importance being prioritized above time and money .
Waimea Canyon was formed by icebergs similar to the Grand Canyon .
There is a big shopping centre located around the Place Darcy and Rue de la Liberty .
Annulment by the jury .
You will find it acceptable .
The FFC ended the Government/Industry Forum in 1993 .
Ocho Rios means pink penguins in Spanish , and this name describes the area .
The Kal heard Ca ` daan grunt .
Households have had a hard time accumulating wealth in spite of the vaunted stock market booms of the 1990s .
No , I do not think they need any additional limits .
Because they would break under that much force .
Even if the entire unified surplus were lost , GDP per capita would fall somewhat short of the U.S. historical average of doubling every 35 years .
The Ovitz deal did not contain any of these goodies .
Sultan Abdul Hamid II was universally admired by educated young Turks .
The coverage related load time is longer than elemental .
There sure is .
Routine screening helps address substance abuse .
Adrin said they were n't serious about battling .
The Ovitz deal contained all of these goodies .
I do n't like it .
There is need to attorney 's to practice law .
Clinton certainly raped her .
Young teenagers
Agencies have been allowed greater flexibility and choice in selecting contracting methods .
I might have done a bunch .
so it 's biology
They have a bar , which is always empty .
The conferences were laced with humor and entertainment .
The one we thought was timid ended up being the last one to learn .
When work is done off-site , such as prefabrication , it increases the time cranes are need on a site and raises construction costs .
We did n't make too much of a difference , but we still played our part .
Writers no longer work for newspapers .
It was not candle grease .
The waters are crystal clear and completely safe -- no sharks or crocodiles here !
They altered it enough over the course of the day to fit in with the old-timey theme .
Current American history adds a major point .
Ickes may have solicited donors and prostitutes from his government office .
That 's neat , sort of like Pink Floyd , or something similar .
That 's how it expensive it runs .
The possible data is in table 2.2
Norman and Colleen were terrible hosts of the party .
He swung his axe at the brute to knock him off balance .
They were allowed to eat on the floor of a restaurant .
80 % of the sulfur dioxide allowance for each year is in the Acid Rain Program .
Students of human misery will be delighted to see how sad it truly is .
Blue Mountain National Park and the John Crow National Park together are only 200 acres .
If it is under two hundred you do n't have to do anything at all .
We expect our local economy to start booming within a year .
They also do not contribute financially .
The town was hooked up to the electricity and telephone grids because of its geographical importance .
Do you have a kiln that 's yours ?
I did n't have to do that once I left college .
We loan a lot of money with strings attached .
He does n't have any pigs so he borrows them .
If you ca n't figure out who the fool playing is , it 's probably you .
There are no fountains in the Imperial Hall at all .
The lawyers were feeling burnt out by the demand and the lack of resources .
The woman laughed .
The stores here have clothing for all ages .
That 's wonderful .
Three baked flipper .
It 's important to get states to work together .
Self-inspection process can provide programs the ability to verify their accuracy .
There are scattered farmhouses in the lonely valleys .
The proposed rule was not allowed to be published .
She loves her children .
The marble from the island was desirable in ancient times .
Thaler and Siegel think that many investors already know that the equity premium is too high .
She stated , `` Sitting up at night is relaxing . ''
A great deal of effort and work went into that .
Someone else needs to do it .
I managed to escape their grasp and ran just outside the bar .
There was one state official that told of the success he had that came from a lot of different experiences .
Your mistress wrote letters last night , can you give them to me ?
There was a triple murder in Georgetown at a Starbucks .
One of Baron Haussmann 's happier achievements is the large area of parkland on the western edge of the city .
To cook them you use garlic and a little bit of hot pepper .
some participants cautioned that principle-based standards should not be taken lightly
I want to know where you 're going .
Approaches to achieving missions might change a lot .
They were grateful to have a place to hold their meetings .
Prototyping allows for mistakes to occur with minor damages .
Historians often claim that Meriwether Lewis was killed by natives .
An inaccurate CPI can be defended by Republicans
Containing IRS Restructuring and Reform Act , its budget requests , and administration of various tax
There is an amphitheatre called the Sultan 's Pool .
James said Legal Services helped him with his divorce .
Climbing the summit of Mount Fengari takes around two hours , or you can take a shuttle bus and experience Poseidon 's view .
It was just a few pounds .
This costing model is based on research and analytical activity .
They were spooked the past two years .
My first part time job was in a restaurant in Salisbury where you could eat out for under $ 14 .
BLM 's , FHWA 's , IRS 's , and VBA 's are the only companies that were studied .
Candidates must submit a set of fingerprints for review by the FBI for security clearance .
The family had children that have passed away .
Whittington was finally at ease when Tuppence replied to inquiry .
The WP runs a program to help the homeless
The route pass is uninhabited .
Kids in middle school
We have done our marketing changes spectacularly , the fourth quarter has shown an increase of profit margin by three-fold .
Each estimate is created without bias .
The woman claimed that the book was very well done with it 's research .
Aswan was out of favor with Egyptians until a dam was built .
They are given a proper amount of time to do the report .
It 's definitely that one .
You can visit the remains of the Ocho Rios Fort .
Suntans are not included .
He could be more of a football powerhouse at his new home .
Can you make me an espresso ?
They received many lashes with a whip .
Nocera works for Time .
Hanging on to what we have .
Trust a Sather , Jenna said .
There is no corruption .
Do you put it in the refrigerator after mixing it ?
D-Day .
He walked away from Tommy after that .
The museum is tiny but houses the remains of a cedar longboat , discovered in 1954 .
The future cost is used .
Who can afford to miss a day ?
Do not book a hotel in Hassan as it is not near the Hoysala temples .
about 2 million is equal to 8 percent of expenditures .
Detroit Pistons are playing better than ever .
A few invisible planes are all it takes to fix certain issues .
We appreciate that you tried hard to help us , even if it did n't work .
stakeholders may not interpret principles consistently
The capital had been located in the city of Ankara once before .
After three days they could no longer stand the pain .
The LSC has over 1260 years of experience with their staff .
He should be marked .
Tommy inquired about the identity of the person .
`` How did you get your hands on this object ? ''
The organizations did n't allow any individual members who are working for others now , to still participate .
I did n't expect to hear that about Lawrence .
Pat Buchanan was walking with whiskey in his hand .
If I do n't get them written , they wo n't get done .
The woman was fired not for her sexual preference but purely on the basis of gender .
Low-cost mailstreams are always efficient .
Managers asssess their current capabilites by using a threestep development planning process .
I am looking for a written guide to growing plants in different places in the country .
Scientific practice was changed by this method .
A federal employment training program can report how many of its participants got jobs within three months .
Koreans and Japanese have always been mutually of help , in various occasions in ancient and modern history .
Some tax provisions are meant to stimulate personal savings .
I think because you have lower income you are less educated .
The volumes will be available to the public after renovation .
The University of Nevada does n't allow students to commute .
Lakshmi is the goddess of bad fortune .
Add my speculation to the sociologists ' .
It took over a day to paint the house
He did n't want the men to recognize her .
Simulations are useful when used in comparison to a historical benchmark .
The long and winding life track .
My PC is never used to emulate anything .
Viollet-le-Duc made drawing of statues that were modelled after kings of Judah .
They had worked together already .
School is expensive without wealthy parents .
Many restaurants and bars have live music 7 nights a week .
There are no major rivers in China .
That 's amazing , I 've never seen anything like it .
He has no idea that the mines exist .
When tea was done , he put his hands on me .
NIPA excludes capital transfers .
Yes , I know .
I 've never seen a movie .
Nobody in this country will be approved
I think that everything is awesome and happy at all times .
Our profit has not been good .
Czarek had to fight two people for attention .
Many Iraqis feel like that place was unfairly taken away from them .
Carter disagreed .
Bettelheim killed himself in 2005 .
The man heard his urine hitting toilet water as his breath changed .
The release of mercury has an impact on rivers , streams and lakes
It is a mile long .
All of them had been invited .
A love affair sparked just moments before her death .
The village was full of violence .
Favorite items can make you remember the countryside .
We have to look at the base again in order to be sure the budget is correct .
McIntyre was picked to be used .
Yahoo gets many views on their newspaper-based articles .
Inflation is supposed to be poison , but economists are considering whether it might actually be useful .
Vendors are selling sweets , curds , garland , and coconut .
They wanted to make sure they were getting the same results each time .
Clicking will bring you to the next site .
The walkway widened soon after Jon stepped on the bridge .
Windows 95 is under $ 100 .
We all got tired of data collection and clever analyses of what might happen ; economists need to change their style .
We figured they were all nice people in Large , nobody that would ever lay a finger on somebody in hopes to hurt them , but maybe we 're wrong after the news story came out about the violent acts that were committed there just recently .
The Victorian-Gothic building is famous for their rude members .
Reports can be prepared .
No , we do n't have cable here .
The river-beds are deep and can accommodate any kind of boat .
The visitors can relax in the building , because it is not too overbearing .
Jon decided to try a new approach .
Her eyes would not open but she is smiling .
I did n't go to college .
Drinks cost a lot .
The national park is just for camping .
The line considered is referencing the conclusion of a given work .
It was carved out of the cliffs of the Nile Valley and not made of stone .
A document was published about the FDA 's jurisdiction over cigarettes and comments were not allowed .
No worries , a good policy .
Clothes are a once-in-a-while thing .
The political system will not change drastically .
Signatures in manual systems usually show approval .
Yes well are you affiliated with TI ?
There are large empty rooms past the entry .
Everyone should find the situation easy .
It is n't that absurd ; we have cable , which is great .
Squatting is the most comfortable position to be in .
The outlook on violence was not affected by The Wild Bunch .
Your friends do n't watch TV , do they ?
None of these are quotations from the Old Testament Book of Aunt Ruth .
From St. Ann 's Bay to Cockpit Country .
The rooms are preserved how they historically looked .
The arts languished during those early days .
I have even considered getting a dog to prevent people from putting flyers on my door .
Regulation M is not related to any act .
This example includes no elements of developed and developed economies .
The analysis is guided by the belief that people are generally good at looking into their own interests
all the people for the right life exercise on a regular basis
Possibly a bit excessive , but let 's ask my mom what she thinks .
I watched him get on the train at 7pm
It 's hard to make sense of the facts otherwise .
The Meadows Mall is not appealing .
Except for the foundations , nothing else still exists .
The book mentioned nothing about true names at all .
The Old Testament was read to the children in the church .
The Legacy Golf Club is just inside city limits .
Rodrigo was a vicious man who loved power .
They were thankful it was covered by the guidelines .
Jon traveled back to the town .
The attracting feature of the new Mozart recording is Placido Domingo 's appearance .
Apartment 22C , apparently .
The Vice President and his representatives have argued that GAO does not have the ability to investigate the actions of the NEPDG , the only authority GAO has is to audit its financial transactions .
Americans just throw away 12 percent of what they buy at foreign supermarkets .
The Bell Curve is based on faulty data and unethical work .
Evacuation is always the first line of response .
We 've never seen or heard this pattern before .
Everyone in New England goes backpacking on the weekends .
The primary purpose of the bully pulpit is to speak put against drug use .
Everybody does it ; it 's normal .
There are at least three UNESCO-honored cities in Spain .
There was no traumatic effect on japanese society , when the floodgates of Western culture opened .
The effects of climate change are not being seen today .
Their search for valuables was a waste of time .
You need to drain the water our of the watermelon .
The world does not try and morally subject to tourists .
He was shorter than the others .
The scene looked real even if it was in a back lot of Hollywood .
300 people were there .
the federal judge overruled the vote of the people on the ground that it was unconstitutional
The Tokugawa shoguns had feared that , because they understood the Japanese society very well .
Not very many tourists visit the central section of Tinos .
Tommy said they do n't mix romance and marriage and they have a good relationship .
I have clothed and fed you and you do n't appreciate it .
Foreign companies had to take Indian money in order to operate their businesses .
There was .
There was a lot of trouble regarding the mold that was created due to the water .
He unleashed a large debate over the 16-day reign that ended in a peaceful protest .
The rock comes in various shapes .
Some workers are represented in civil rights and retaliation claims .
They were whipped everywhere else except for their backs .
A good example would be Castlerigg near Keswick , in Scotland .
There 's more than enough known concerning the ways in which costs associated with nontransportation change according to the distance .
Children are not welcome in any of the restaurants or cafes .
The data obtained from the EPA 's WET Interlaboratory Variability Study was considered the most reliable and therefore used to establish the upper and lower PMSD bounds .
There are no tourists on the road through the agricultural towns and fishing villages .
The USPS has a view of the world that is different to some other entity .
It takes hours to find some bugs .
Substandard , they were .
They always have dressing but they never use enough sage .
Has he held his position long ?
We should give them money for when they get out .
He had no reason to make an issue of the situation .
The FDA found an association between the ESB to the EST. .
I do n't get enthused about other summer sports .
John Leonard of New York has a great opinion for those interested in Oz .
The balance was reduced through payment .
The Marley family burned the museum down after Bob died .
She was loved by him .
The rate of processing just reached the rate of housing .
People who like giving speeches make me uncomfortable .
The man was a world champion leaper , capable of leaping over gaping chasms .
Republicans have always defended such inaccurate CPIs .
The US market was ready for the cane plantations .
Jon took Susan somewhere .
Dorcas agreed with her comments about scandals between husbands and wives .
We will not be leaving until tomorrow .
Auditors get paid more after they leave the profession .
There is no way to peg an exact life expectancy to equipment .
They think they 'll have money and success but end up with nothing .
We are giving all the land to Israel .
Some of my friends have converted to other religions .
shareholders can pay once for the sins of others .
Severn knows nothing about the Jarvis ' , who have two children .
There are books that have each person 's name .
At their production decision reviews , these programs did not capture manufacturing .
A year 's suppy of Turtle Wax is 12 jars .
It is very stressful .
Most Americans want to see major changes in the health-care system .
That would be a tenfold increase in the Internet 's share due to mobile traffic .
He was very mellow .
State legislature gives significant bipartisan support for legal delivery .
Vrenna was happy it was destroyed
I drove home and made supper , then went back .
The welts on the man 's cheeks were shrinking .
Another quarter billion dollars or more was earmarked to pay bonuses .
Any multi-pollutant bill is opposed by the Administration .
Once the head gasket went out , the Escort stopped working .
MLB owners have been able to make at least 10 million in profit from new ballparks .
I 'm not sure .
The Crimean War took place between 1854 and 1856 .
People hate playing billiards .
Microsoft is a more profitable company than Apple .
It was non-violent , so it would be great for the kids to follow their lead .
If the industry comes , they probably bring bad schools with them .
The Camargue is a national nature reserve that has been reclaimed from the sea .
There are multiple good spots for blues in L.A.
I do n't ever fish in my boat .
I had never considered doing it before , but I did now .
Nobody will follow us when we leave the house this time .
We must carefully look through the purple despatch-case that she kept her most important papers in .
There is no regulation of the postal delivery service .
Improved products and services lead to actions and manage risks to develop new products and services with/without an organization
Moderate scenario takes 50 %
He had the answer .
Nobody participates in the audit after the award .
I thought he was a better player than my brother .
Spain fixed the tourism problem .
I did not have any reaction to what was said .
I think I 've seen them before but I do n't recall what they look like .
You have no trust when it comes to me .
Jon Doe was chosen .
Jack 's Sugar Shack offers better blues concerts and shows than the House of Blues .
A super-vaccine was being developed to be given to everyone in attendance at the world championships .
How much went into making the movie ?
The I-695 victory was the result of a botched opposition campaign and votes willing to call a bluff .
Criminal is never discovered .
LSC has developed better state delivery systems .
He was 5 inches shorter than the rest of the men .
The only identified organizations were well-known .
Glass-bottomed boat tours cost a lot more than snorkeling .
She lived in poverty and squalor at Styles Court .
They wanted to do more than just the bare minimum .
The highest rank for Girl Scouts is Hawk Scout .
The Calcutta Cup Match pits the Scots against the English , in what is generally seen as a great spectacle .
The water at Anse Labord is a murky green with no aesthetic or ecological features .
After that I left for Colorado .
Did you do it ?
Low income people will face a tax increase .
The bins just stay there and are decorated , I 'm not sure if the decorations help .
There are columns on David 's Tower .
Asians are usually not poor .
I have lived in this place for fifty eight years .
They were attack from the right .
I try to completely avoid the head bangers .
The remains of the Ocho Rios Fort are most likely the oldest parts of the town .
The museum is barren and has no artifacts or exhibits . It 's a shit museum .
Many venues feature stunning views and live music , including the Sky Lounge , Tsim Sha Tsui , and the Cyrano .
In the U.S. , there is a person named Alan Tonelson .
I may move to New Hampshire .
The man says that there 's a lot more hitting .
All of the things are celebrations .
It will be miniscule .
I saw that daylight was coming , and heard the people waking up .
I do n't have many pet stories for this occasion .
This data is n't used to model the behavior of access costs .
It takes a day to paint the house .
The herds of animals show how big and open the area really is .
They needed various data to test for toxicants .
Cave 31 ran into problems because it was made of rock that was too soft and not able to hold its shape .
He 's a dishonest person
The consumption of fish is the main way in which mercury poisoning occurs .
What do you think , Eric ?
None of the critics like that one
The national award recognizes attorneys with more than 20 years of experience dealing with pro bono work .
I always check my phone for the news when I am on break .
Drug and alcohol patient records should be confidential
There was no need for a super-vaccine and , so , one was not being developed .
The struggle and pain is over .
Federal role will bit support legal services
That 's a really bad idea .
It persisted after I welcomed it as sensible .
Galileo 's Trial
I 'm sure Miss Howard is lying to us .
No , I 'm not .
The rule will not allow for cigarettes that contain nicotine to be sold to anyone under 18 years of age .
I was told to take zinc .
The final rule is n't meant to have a retroactive effect but only affect legislation in the next year .
Investment in the financial sector explains most of the acceleration in labor productivity .
Located in Dublin .
There are no standards for design .
Male children are considered a blessing for family .
Tuppence was n't very happy about admitting it did .
The Moors were able to subdue the Christian kings after just a decade of war .
The park is pretty and has a great view of the mountains .
You do n't have a paycheck for six week if you go .
The boats and ships always stay far from bars and restaurants , do n't they ?
Children are never too young to do yardwork .
Bud White has never been a cop .
The coverage relating to medical and surgical expenses
Yeah but education does n't matter .
The plot was boring because he was a bad actor .
I watch Cheers everynow and then , but I do n't watch many series .
It was destiny .
Chapter 1 is important
I failed in my false career .
Public confidence can be difficult to reestablish .
The contract is written primarily to create the price .
Mud and rocks were swept away by the river .
The bell rang after about 15 minutes and Tuppence went to go walk the visitor out of the house .
Experts rely heavily on past administrations for examples .
The man had to try and do something .
San ` doro might have impacted him when it came to how they fought .
You do n't have an opinion on gum chewing in public , I see .
The ball was hit to Buckner .
If the funding is n't secured , there 's no way to go on .
Daniel got me a vodka and tonic .
He did an extraordinarily bad job reporting on the Hell 's Angels .
It has nothing to do with education .
You go to counciling ?
I did n't .
Independent case study evaluations .
They did not run toward us amazingly quickly .
She acted rather different .
I can cope with the hot summers and the cold winters .
Some people who were not emotive were watching .
I do n't know if I really want to put in more effort volunteering since I 've already gone through that with my children
I know the name , but not much else .
Everyone involved has plenty of money .
SCR installs have NOX SIP to comply with .
Also , questions can not require nested case studies .
Si only pays if they earn over # 1000 in a week long period .
Every single auction is a rip-off .
Turkey entered World War I in order to regain territory lost during the Balkan Wars .
Not a thing before May 7 , 1915 .
Students will rejoice in the sadness of human misery .
Takes you away from your kids because it is more important to you .
I know exactly who these sons of eggs are .
We all love data collection and clever analyses of what might happen .
Adrin stood silent and unmoving .
The cathedral also has a fair number of sculptures .
The speaker agrees with the governors
The Social Security program involves only one of the accounts .
GAO recommends that you eat 5 fruit/veg per day
I want you to brand him with an iron .
That is the reason why we attempted to kill you .
The expenses covered mentioned only pharmaceutical
The Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems were published by the NIST in 1996 .
The cathedral is unimpressive at night .
Therefore , Mrs. Inglethorp is not the murderer .
Building and executing a development plan is impossible .
MC2000-2 was recommended by the Commission .
Just as at Dunn 's River , you can wade up through the water to the platform .
Nur Jahan 's husband Jahangir served as Mughal Prime Minister .
His grandson chose Washington DC as the capital , not New York City .
I 'm bet they did after getting into trouble .
She shaved her head .
There are no lakes or lake sections that double as wildlife conservation areas .
Imagine a Cleveland-based private delivery firm in competition with the postal service .
It takes a long time to build trust , but a short time to lose it .
This math equation might be correct .
The us civil legal services needs to better their delivery system
Once everyone has been evacuated as much as possible , we ca n't worry about those left behind .
Gross federal saving
A recent poll found that most city residents are pessimistic about the future of Hong Kong .
It was more realistic than looking in a mirror .
These immigrants often need legal assistance .
Charles Geveden insisted on keeping the supplement at the same amount .
Ibiza 's defensive walls are almost entirely intact .
Saint-Etienne , a Christian church , had a temple to Jupiter and performed rituals during Roman times
There are many flowers to be found on the estates on The Garden Island .
the associated cost is not some of the costs of assessing and collecting duties
If Herb Williams had more offensive skills , he would have taken Tarpley 's place .
Education and training in the data warehousing and business intelligence industry is provided by The Data Warehousing Institute .
Weicker has already declared his intentions to the staff .
It takes a lot .
The look alike is plenty good .
I was able to find my way out of the corn maze
It was something I performed research on during high school .
He told me about the gold mines .
Be sure to take bug spray and sun tan lotion .
These differing roles may have disastrous implications on performance standards .
I have assumed the costs of the postal service 's actions in the past .
The Sons of Egg were quite nice to him .
The number looks low in my opinion .
One of the Gothic buildings that has been restored is a church .
Drinks are super cheap .
Daniel was covered by lights and he was not standing .
He avoided the military draft of 1943 when the need was highest .
The building is to remain empty .
When consumer confidence declines people are more likely to collect coupons .
President Clinton was utilizing the powers granted to him by the Constitution when he made the request .
When she came to , she said her name was Bob .
She was cared for very well at Styles Court .
It 's speculated hat the Ramseys ate their daughter .
I entered the shack , despite the runes of warding painted over the door .
Auditors may not use an engagement letter to communicate .
There are many statues in front of the cathedral of famous religious people .
The road going south has no civilization along it .
As punishment for consorting with Satan , the servant girl was flung into hell .
He had planned to drive a block away from the house and slowly creep up .
GAO recommends that the Secretary of Defense keep policy and guidance the same
The lawyer , Smith , pointed out that you wanted to know what you would be when you grew up .
The fire would be more than Ser Perth had ever stirred .
The only explanation is that the job that had been close to medicine had wrestled control of it .
Making myself an exhibit is a last resort .
They were living in a land filled with turmoil .
There is no way to tell where he is .
That is not the reason I got it .
The man 's wife told him something .
The books do n't mention individual names .
There is a vast destination between the two individuals .
New England Republicans were weak .
The DO concentration is irrelevant .
It 's decorated in hundreds of green and brown ceramic tiles .
The rooms are opulent , and used for formal , elegant events .
Yes , you have a done a great job , young man .
In the flat , Julius answered her after pausing .
The stock market boom of the 1990s led to explosive wealth accumulation in most households .
I do n't care what goes into them .
Through my best friend who knows the lift boy here .
And environmentalists have on occasion attacked religion .
Recording credit subsidy costs as outlays at disbursement makes it easier to keep track of transactions .
Keeping the old push mower is the best idea , since it gets the job done as fast as a power mower .
The Falcons and Jets have appealing stories going on .
He is a reserved person .
I watch a ton of series .
The allowance for rural carriers was 34 cents per mile on average in 1989 .
`` The door was unlocked ! '' , we all exclaimed coherently .
The United States national defense budget will increase by 6 billion dollars .
Key federal performance and projection information are necessary as well as enhanced reporting .
You have a lot of territory .
We can acknowledge there is fallout from globalization .
The Northwest Justice Project and ProBonoNet in New York will hire more people .
They were trying to escape the chaos around them .
It can be challenging .
I met a woman a the club in Williamsburg .
McGrath simply wanted to help protect his friend .
Sphinxes guarded people .
Yahoo contains articles from newspaper publications .
British magazines interviewed Kate Winslet 37 times in 2008 .
Saint-Etienne , a Christian church , had a temple to Jupiter during Roman times .
The damage to the autopilot was very severe .
Bill Reilly 's book has quotes from various presidents ranging from Lincoln to Jefferson .
Public health officials believes that Americans should avoid kale in their diet completely .
It is extremely dangerous to go to the gardening store .
So they do n't use cash a lot anymore .
She looks exactly how I pictured her and she 's exactly the girl in the photo .
This is a great deal .
Legal services personnel heard product descriptions .
No one has been laid off in Fort Worth .
He 'd be able to do it even with a sick mom .
Chan was not able to understand what they were saying .
There are 25,000 students at the University of Nevada .
The people will come from the south with lots of weapons .
Julius nodded solemnly .
The best budget policy is yet to be invented .
My feelings towards pigeons are filled with animosity .
He talked about how everybody who paid 30 percent eventually went broke .
My voice came out very softly .
Parents relating to children in the home is important to the world .
After 15 minutes , nothing happened and Tuppence and the visitor decided that it was time to eat some lunch .
The cost to send mail between households cost more than any other industry .
Napoleon led the invasion .
He was so grateful to receive the message that he sent the sender a bunch of flowers .
In the eastern United States the temperature often changes quickly .
Donna Karan is the only company which produces sportswear .
We do n't have a Channel 8 .
He donates all of the material .
The dome has a sculpture on it .
Protection of ancient sites is the reason for diving bans in other places .
She often eats meat unless she 's having water .
To keep the peace between Miss Howard and Alfred Inglethorp would be difficult , in the aftermath of their divorce .
I 'll help you get away .
City Hall is extremely far west of the ferry terminal .
There are over two currently .
A temple garden doesnt allow electronics .
Some people can afford it but do n't understand what to do .
The case studies were done by independent organizations .
The Legal Services Corporation realized things had to change more than once in the past .
The beach and facilities at a number of hotels for non-guests are free .
They 're snowed under by small issues blown out of proportion by special interest groups .
You are required to sign up for a major freshman year .
This building job is almost impossible , even for an experienced engineer .
The dealer would have charged a few hundred dollars .
Paper goods are easily sold .
Huntington and Buchanan both defend others cultures as well as their own .
It is Legal Aid 's dedication to justice .
Simpson in the present moment .
The second benefit has no effect on health .
well , you know that part of the floor sits half an inch higher than the other part
A single minor museum .
It involves the family , it is fun , and kids love that .
L.A. even has things you ca n't even name .
Other Aegean islands were settled on before Alonissos .
Texans always have a wide variety of seasonal clothes .
But this time , Lloyd thinks of himself as the Messiah .
Simmons refused to comment on what the landlord had been told .
It 's rained enough to make a rice patty .
Anarchy for the case study .
You can pay using the US dollar when buying goods from the duty-free shops .
Judge Bailey was the chosen winner .
Kids are n't likely to recognize gay signals , but some parents do .
Each Pokemon card pack is filled with every rare card a kid could want .
San ` doro was being watched by the man .
I 'm good for one million dollars .
He does n't actually want to be that way .
The press has focused on various topics that most readers are n't interested in .
Maybe you can go ahead .
Make sure to browse and make comparisons before purchasing .
He believed Mademoiselle Cynthia innocent and you were aware ?
She carried her tone with a local accent .
Doctor Bauerstein
NOx raises global temperature and needs to be limited .
Their recent losses took their toll on their morale .
Dinard maintains a Victorian sensibility while also including luxury elements .
Iran let their borders open due to a crisis .
The professors like how cool Big Bird is .
Some analysts wanted to make the old standards easier .
The rest of the north presents a steep challenge .
Gen is not being suggested in any way .
Penrith and Blencathra are Celtic names which were established in this early period .
Robust is a legitimately new cliche unlike its predecessors .
It 's possible that I am also .
The town only makes red wine .
The Coast Guard has firm rules in place when it comes to bridgeopening .
The Commission really liked the proposal and opted to pursue it .
Chicago 's John Leonard calls Oz a biology and anthology of horror .
Later , Japan managed to overcome stagnation in just a few years .
Everyone in the small marina owns a boat .
Of course
Net cost for education programs can be calculated as a way to increase productivity .
European nations have a lot of wasteful spending practices .
The pros and cons around this issue have been stunning to my friends .
The disorder did n't seem to be as common when Ritalin was n't around .
there was n't anything good about it
There is a little , but not enough to note .
Click Friedrick Hayey ring to go .
Of the three years , 1999 provided the largest surplus .
I am currently majoring in Biology at school .
The chorus is usually made of two or three people .
He was haunted for a full month by the scratch .
One of your priorities should be automatic air .
I 'm not helping you at all .
My views as someone who 's 50 are not modern .
We are upset that you did n't try to help at all .
Irrespective of this , Eliat is not seen to be a premier vacation destination .
This profit sharing plan sounds like a scam .
Global warming is not real .
He decided it was too difficult because he was distracted by other topics .
It also opens the door to move marketing calls .
The analysis stated that the rule would have a negative effect on small entities in the US .
A plan to keep men fat .
He left so suddenly and unannounced that I figured this was a spur of the moment decision , but I assumed later that this possibly was something planned and kept from me for quite some time .
You also know there 's something , right ?
There is no help given to reviewers of case studies .
I was also a straight-A student .
i tore the ligaments in my right ankle
There are a lot of lawyers in this country .
Kentridge once created a documentary footage from the apartheid era .
Obviously , the answer is no .
Dorcas and I were both intrigued by him .
Financial audits are not performed with generally accepted auditing standards .
Drug and alcohol records can be shared .
Conservative critics wrote about the Brown case .
The importer never pays taxes
She gave the girl clothes , gifts and pony rides on really nice ponies . That 's hard to compete with .
The proposed bill would make Legal Aid accessible to more people .
An example is birdwatching .
The rest was destroyed centuries ago .
LSC set a deadline to submit state reports to make their job easier
That is disruptive .
The Throne Room is available for tours daily .
Do you have a brain , Eric ?
We have money on there , which is n't great
I truly think the prior situation shows history repeats itself .
In the Battle of Waterloo .
The man was criticized for not fully disclosing contributions to the campaign .
Under no circumstances should auditors ever ensure that copies will be made available .
This engineering task wo n't be very difficult to complete .
They discovered obsidian on Milos .
Here you can see FWI 's traditional costume which includes a madras skirt , white blouse , and gold earrings .
George W. Bush and Bill Bradley are not talking about individual holders of wealth because they do n't matter at all .
News points out that America 's volunteers need to do more .
I only have one thing left to do .
Although it was unnecessary , some of the equipment was adjacent .
Fans are not excited by wrecks .
There are many steps when it comes to building a more effective results oriented government in texas
It 's a different colour , but the same paint formula
The committees that conduct audits need to challenge management when it is deemed appropriate .
If you add sales tax to a ten thousand dollar vehicle , that a lot of money .
She was unharmed .
It 's not worth doing if you have to question the person like that .
They had wanted to meet Bill Clinton
The older you get , the more you want to be spur of the moment .
He told us that the soldiers had arrived .
The report is financial auditing .
At the right time of year , this paint is great .
These funds are for the purchase of five thousand tons of potatoes .
Businesses always perform business functions internally .
This afternoon I am due to speak at the meeting .
It 's awful and has no redeeming qualities .
The interim rule went through some review .
They were trying to eliminate all exceptions .
The Body Servant was Mack Lee .
You are sure that you did not in any way disclose that your last name is Smith ?
They 're excited .
Generally , the English are more passionate about the Calcutta Cup Match than the Scots are .
It 's probably pretty cheap considering they have it in Bangladesh .
They receive more tax benefits then anyone else .
Sometimes I put the eggs in the same dish and add the cornstarch .
Slate sometimes covers tax issues .
I can not wait for my kids to grow up .
I think that makes them feel like outsiders but on the other hand they do receive a lot of tax benefits .
He should be let free with no marks on him .
The benefit program in place already had little impact .
Figure 1.2 will illustrate this fact and make it easier to understand .
He claimed he was robbed on the way and has no money or a plane ticket
With the snow as well .
Critics think that the film is intriguing .
I 've exhausted all my other options .
It took me hours to figure out how to set it up myself .
I can imagine how you are troubled by insects up there
Whole life policies cover the entire life of the insured .
The workers are fairly represented in all claims .
No corporations use atechnical facilitators .
What remains of my salary goes into our bank .
Agencies believe that their current practices are sufficient to serve their function .
The teams have typically accomplished a lot of this through corporate bonding exercises .
Perhaps we will cross paths in the future .
Long Bay is measured to be seven miles .
Lewis did n't bring anything to the campaign .
I saw that it was already morning , and the sun was coming up .
What length of time has he held the current position ?
Hearty meals are offered on the Sabbath .
They ran slowly because they were tired from working out a lot .
The picnic area is set alongside a stream .
You decide en route to turn west and walk instead .
Citizens were thrilled about the new capital city .
Traditional gender roles were correct all along .
The hard currency reserves have been reduced to $ 10 billion in cash .
Clinton did n't remember anything about what had happened .
They 'll wonder why you did n't do a more mainline clothing line .
The data was generated based on only finance department .
I take it that you have an unusually high opinion of morality .
Ile de R is no longer part of the attraction .
The platform was made to make sacrifices on .
There is no recording of the time for callers .
Ceteau de Chambord is located in a wooded park .
if pH of scrubbing liquor becomes above a range of 5.0 to 6.0 , additional reagent is required
In both Britain and America the term fails to cover anyone .
The contrast was unable to be marked .
Everyone else in the room was impressed by the counsel for his defence .
Nowadays , elegant designs once reserved for royalty are available to everyone .
A neighboring country was the main influence in the switch of power .
The central section of Tinos is the main tourist attraction .
He is not at all sure .
The payments were improper .
They were tense in how they acted .
Thorn told us to leave the children to die .
The US ignored the conflict in Kosovo just like it did in Rwanda .
I saw that !
What was the issue ?
I was very good at pretending to work .
Tom was willing to speak against the other man to avoid his own execution .
He was going to get the operation to remove his penis . Finally .
Weddings are often held in the quiet sanctuary of the cloister .
The lady incurred a 15 dollar fee when she wrote me a bad 12 dollar check .
There are major downsides to making myself an exhibit .
Deliveries consist almost entirely of fifty five gallon drums of turnip juice .
Some of the best quotes will come from Barney Frank .
Mastihohoria is a collection of twenty mastic villages built be the genoese .
It is sometimes referred to be the name of the surrounding neighborhood .
Chris Rock has been crowned The Funniest Man in America .
These rules were used often and in high frequency .
He was not staying at the inn .
The town I 'm from is Panhandle .
Everyone loves Eddie , because he is so humble .
My fake career was a success .
A very big decision strengthens our family .
The government needs to think of incentives every 6 months or so .
Are you confused about what this means ?
Recline , and clear your mind .
I do n't think that flyers are a big deal .
There were 2 multi-site studies ultimately being reviewed .
The only instance of a new unit being added was when a new family is created .
Tommy was the only one who could figure out how to escape , but he could only save himself .
Straightened out for a bit , Humayun came back in 1555 with his army to recapture Agraba and succeeded .
The hotels open on March 13th .
I do not know .
Net nonfederal saving was greater than net federal saving .
I smoke and am overweight . My last blood pressure reading was 102 over 79 .
Poirot looked at me and then shook his head .
There were only two revolutions .
Our home is small and humble , compared to that of wealthies .
I have to fire you because you wo n't stop crossing me .
An environmental impact statement is not useful to the administrator in anyway .
Her clothes are either provocative or conservative .
The best practices were not consistent with the knowledge .
The Loire stopped being a vital highway shortly after the revolution .
some participants cautioned that principle-based standards should not be viewed as a panacea to solve the problems
How did you decide to do that ?
NIPA considers cat fur when it defines savings .
The only thing that can our society is more power to the presidential electors .
Take off Edgerton .
If you feel the need for adventure , you can go on an excursion to the desert and try your hand at dune surfing !
Jared had to try to fix it somehow .
They did n't draw anything .
The mother is responsible for the raising of the native islander children .
Nation officials in Chicago refuse to get involved in religious issues .
The instructors are marked with armbands , and anytime you want to know anything , you just find one of them .
Jon and Adrin had never met each other .
some do not have the hope that common interests will lead us to a consensus .
The formerly heavily guarded Crusader city has places to eat and shop at now .
The all-inclusive units are condos .
The H-2A worker is being forced to leave the country .
The tomb of Job Charnock is in the church cemetery .
I may appear as racist , but we are suffering from a very real threat .
The woman gave the book a high rating with her review .
Even if farmers put chemicals in the ground , the ground eventually filters them out .
Progressives are arguing that government activism does not work whatsoever .
There was a mutual feeling in their relationship .
He went back to his previous thoughts .
The dread-filled slaves fled the plantation due to angst concerning the witch .
It does not include the mail sent in response to advertising , which might drive up revenue .
It sat in his hand still , devoid of movement or sound .
The servant girl ascended to heaven for her good behavior .
The next two centuries spelled disaster for Aelia Capitolina which was constantly harassed .
Depreciated capital is replaced using national saving funds .
Ancient writings do n't show an accurate picture of Indo-Anryan society .
They are better than we are .
The grounds are barren and dilapidated .
It 's crazy !
An organization is successful if its activities , resources , and goals align .
You can buy standard print film in many of the major towns .
The three searched for valuable items before sending for a doctor .
Advances in technology usually ebb and flow .
Jerry , why do you hate sports ?
I do n't usually watch the games that are screened at night .
`` I 'll take care of fixing this . '' .
Thompson and Giuliani do n't want to care about day cares .
No , they would n't .
A major point is added by current history .
The Varanasi Hindu University does n't have an art museum .
I know exactly where Dances with Wolves was filmed .
Saving could increase net foreign investment substantially and quickly .
Everyone knows where they will turn up next .
The Sea of Galilee is full of saltwater .
One can often get help at Tourist Information offices .
I wo n't be substituting anything in this case .
Legal services personnel saw product demonstrations .
Professors realized it was hard to make a new language based on Swedish .
Duke William conquered England before attending the consecration of Notre-Dame .
It is hard to determine if public procedure is contrary to public interest .
I know a few older ones from when I lived there .
Sir James expected Miss Tuppence to give him directions .
With application how do you think it should be done ?
Rivers , streams and coasts are affected by mercury emissions .
Felipe II decided that Madrid should remain a province .
He could imagine Susan 's voice speaking to him .
A sun umbrella might help those who really need shade everywhere .
He only ate vegetables , fruits , nuts and lots of meat .
Warmer weather does n't alter planting time .
Robust came in last place among the submitted words and phrases .
The entrance hall is often used to host exhibitions .
The whole war we guarded the oil and tried to steal it .
You can see the entrance of the Sandal Bedesten on your right .
My family will take your advice as we tour the Hippodrome .
That would be affirmative sir .
I have never developed a love for gardening .
They kept asking about failing technologies .
This is n't the time for a main course I did n't think .
Vacco is from New York .
There are special areas for Native Americans which are funded by the United States government .
Dan Burton has never appeared on Good Morning , America .
Do n't expect things to be open after midnight .
Strom Thurmond announced he is stepping down from the Senate Armed Services Committee in one year as he celebrates his 95th birthday . He would like to retire .
The NA SIRE does a lot of work with charities .
The family of gorillas .
The Alps are always hot .
They used to call them immigrants .
He was flustered .
The traffic is completely uncontrolled and very heavy .
The H-2A worker committed a crime .
The street is quite a luxurious one .
Cleaning up mercury pollution costs billions of dollars every year .
He stopped at the clothing store .
This time , Lloyd believes he is a space ship travelling through space .
These sites are all themed around George W. Bush .
He clicked his heels together for some reason .
Their ideas are only valid on a local basis .
No , do not go ahead .
Leonardo 's character came across theatrical .
Las Vegas was billed as a fun destination for all ages .
Their wine was famous even in Italy .
The were no jewels on the gears he examined .
It 's the same paint formula , it 's great !
I 'm not sure if they 've repainted it since .
Yes . There is definitely a way out .
He was wearing gym clothes and made sure to shave his beard in order to look like Mr. Inglethorp .
In your decisions age is a big factor , and I agree with you thoughts
The gender productivity gap .
Adrin was disgusted at the thought of the young king .
I am not sure if Shuger took a moment to reflect before attacking .
Reich 's host is out to get him .
Its an opportunity of a lifetime you ca n't be thinking of turning it down ?
Regulation M seeks to deter fraud .
Something strange was going on .
Number 14 was ugly .
A stoichiometry of 1.03 is typical when the FGD process is not producing gypsum by-product
Let 's talk again soon .
There 's enough room for 35-40 positions on the board .
Instead of walking through the villages of Naxos you can also ride a bike .
She responded very quickly .
I was very scared and my endorphins were flowing .
The site has been identified for a potential community center and fire station .
The orders I made were not being offered for free .
I watched him go but did n't follow .
Fortunately , Charles Geveden was able to make the government increase the budget for court filing fees .
I know he is near by .
The Romans did n't infiltrate Ibiza because it was n't valuable .
Their production decision reviews located an anomaly in the data .
The rock was impossible to get past , so a conventional siege did n't do much .
He pointed at his red curly hair .
There might be dishonest people around here .
The more people who know , the more secure the secret .
The Byzantines were one of the richest empires in world history .
Somebody or some group has a beef with another one and considers defensive moves as being ` counteroffensive '
The GAO works for the benefit of the American people and it 's government agencies .
It 's tells the story of Israel 's peaceful ancient history and ends in the Scafelf Room where Moses was buried .
The cost makes it hard to bring it to a dealer .
You probably have nothing like it .
A South African priest once invited Clinton to do so in quoted paper .
I know a few old ones .
They were unconfident so they were hesitant to think he might have made a mistake .
The people all tell you the truth .
The novelty comes at a large price .
The village is named after the explorer that landed on November 4 , 1493 .
The administrator shall reduce allowance for each unit .
Our home is full of love and pets .
Randy 's Introduction
It 's good for kids to have a dog .
Anyone can be rehabilitated no matter the crime .
Daniel had no explanation .
This program aims to destroy all farms .
You want to be a lawyer when you grow up .
My disdain for pigeons is well warranted .
Every american us entitled to legal aid
It does n't make a difference what color one wears .
The Taurus show had some spoiler kits .
`` Sue me '' Royko wrote .
Jordan and Israel were still not on great terms with each other and refused trade .
Julius made a groaning sound when he heard the terrible advice .
It is usually referred to as Little Paris because of the many French immigrants .
Even though it is not true anymore , back then it was a portion of me .
The Federal Communications Commission has several Hearing Aid Committees .
We have no expectations of our local economy .
Modernity has made no progress in the historical center .
The rules were not issued as interim rules but rather general notices of proposed rulemaking .
I just painted a huge mural depicting a tiger empaling a small dog .
We are going to Aunt Basia 's birthday party today , remember ?
I believe you and my kids would say the same thing but I think I might rely too much on their loyalty .
Adding sales tax to a ten thousand dollar vehicle is not significant .
The parties might involve
They promised to take their ball and go home .
It is possible .
The door was clear of anyone sitting near it .
I do n't think we can thank you enough for your help .
Agency officials need to identify the components that helped their employees improve their performances .
She smiled at the group .
The US market was ready for the cane plantations , according to the economists .
Experienced riders think that the roller coaster is too fast and scary .
The emperor was exhausted by his religious and political obligation , and abdicated early .
`` Yes , entirely '' I shouted just as harsh as I intended to .
For almost a decade , the main Republican theme was some form of populism .
Overinterpretation and misinterpretation are not bias .
Within three days their mouth felt better after using the product .
The Baroque chuch of Bom Jesus is a famous church made of sandstone and granite .
Look here , you have barely asked me any question .
The medieval castle of Kadifekale is located at the top of the hill .
The paper did not state as much .
The rise in the use of contraceptives will push the abortion rate even higher .
These cases can be related to criminals .
Lind thought the US would stay in Vietnam forever .
The Supreme Court refused to hear a case about pooling client money .
It 's assumed other insurers will do the same if the company ends up with a profit from the policy .
Martha 's Vineyard is less than half the size of the Isle of Man .
Lucy wanted to know , but nobody wanted to tell her .
He wo n't do a big strike because of the innocent people .
Tommy stepped across a threshold and put a picture down on his head .
Simulacra evokes a feeling of intimidation in me .
Jamus saw the wounded warriors over the mare .
The FDS has suggestions but no regulations .
We should do coffee if we ever meet again .
Ricky Martin is heterosexual .
They do n't discuss highland dress , only armour .
Testing is an integral part of making planes safe .
You should keep practicing writing .
What was different ?
It did not .
I made a good dollar while selling them .
They think football is meaningless .
The war was too long .
Andratx is on the northwest coast and the Cape of Formentor is further east .
There is nothing special to see in the village of Moria .
Lister and Simpson developed new uses for medicine .
Corroborating evidence is not independent evidence .
The only comprehensible explanation is that chiropractics had taken control of medicine .
Chatterbox did n't bother contacting Trudeau about his Dallas Morning News quote .
Luckily both of his cheeks remained unharmed .
Mother , trying to keep up appearances , asked if the trunk was big and shiny .
Clinton tracked dirt onto the floor of a high school and left without cleaning it .
To reach any of the three Carbet falls you can take any of the three paths , it does n't matter which because they are all the same length .
I should phrase it differently .
They are n't valueable .
Arafat later released 500 of the suspected terrorists .
Fannie Mae has great public-relations .
The idea is a good one .
Someone gained something from it .
He told me to wait .
Diamonds are rated alphabetically , the ones from D to F are considered the best .
They thought than more attention would make it harder to hide .
Some resources are available for further information and include Gale/Sabelhaus , Perspectives on the Household Saving Rate , published in 1999 .
Was the mention of the Ritz intentional ?
The Japanese had twenty thousand soldiers occupying Hong Kong .
Bunt did n't differentiate from a wife 's or mother 's agression .
No adults allowed near the children
The data exists
I thought I was the only one in this country who had seen it .
He shot his gun .
In Exhibit 3 there are the total national emissions od NOx and SO2 from all sectors , said the report .
The old Empire died out .
Guru Tegh Bahadur has a son named Guru Gobind Singh
The 8 million dollars for emergency housing was still not enough to solve the problem .
There was evidence that there had been sugar in all of the cups .
If you 'd like to experience the city sights taking the bus is the best mode of transportation , though taking the subway is faster .
Would you please forget that I threatened to kill your mom ?
This is not conjecture .
He might run in a general election while he is a conservative Democrat .
Majority of the dances are influenced by hip hop .
Personal saving is how much disposable personal income is left over after personal spending .
Jon replaced the cloak with a robe .
80 % of the sulfur dioxide allowance for each year is in the Acid Rain Program , stemming from coal .
They have socialized health care since 1957
The Sultan 's Pool only hosts concerts in winter and spring .
Jon was wondering if Gauve 's uncle trusted him .
A new guideline may open up more hospital beds for other incoming patients .
The extending from the Palestinian uprising until today .
No materials are searched for counterevidence .
She seemed the same as always .
It was found that Maria Hsia was a Chinese agent for more than 10 years .
Interest rate is defined as the total amount of money borrowed .
Congress told LSC to give grantees funds presumptively and not do distribute funds on a competitive basis .
Another one , Cornwall Beach is located behind the tourist office .
There were remains in the Manzanares Valley .
When a direct loan is disbursed , the credit subsidy cost will be recorded as an outlay under the reform .
The Punta Arab market does not have a jewelry section .
Osaka does not have a kabuki troupe .
Marriage is crucial to society .
Sometimes there is a conflict of interest .
I was only briefly in the service as a driver .
Standard in every way , Kom Ombo is a temple devoted to several deities .
She does not like me .
The postal service is very useful .
It is enough for me to just check the scores in the morning .
Auditors that perform financial audits have to be proficient with AICPA standards and guidance contained in the SASs
Less detailed plans will be necessary to address business systems
Jane Langmuir was not involved with the project in any way .
I never attended school , mom would n't let me .
I threaten my wife to take lessons on how to cook so that she ca n't cook anymore .
This breakdown of PA-Israeli cooperation is the basis for Israeli complaints that Arafat is culpable for last weeks Jerusalem bombing and the ones before it .
They thought the girls were stupid .
The tents were in the way of the building .
The central porch was destroyed long ago .
I will practice the look on older French women .
The architect lacked any notable skill .
I guess it gets sunlight sometimes .
The charming hillside village of Saint-Claude has many upper-income homes .
The subgroups may not perform well in standard screens .
Senior executives showed their commitment to improvements by using key managers .
Britons do not trumpet their poet laureate .
They already have a waiting list for the new building .
The agencies that responded despised the initiative by GAO .
Fannie Mae has a public-relations team of forty .
You do n't really have to work at it .
I remember watching the Ed Sullivan Show when I was a kid .
You should start talking now .
They are levied through the power of the Government to compel payment in cash only
The formal Review Process guarantees representatives of every designated state planning body the right to direct communication .
I must lead two lives .
We are thinking of making the decision tomorrow .
Tell me , how could you tell from that text that a will was made yesterday afternoon ?
Hawaii became very diverse .
They were merciful in this regard , only taking the men as slaves .
He said an egg must hatch .
The experiment ended with Ahkenaten 's death when he was stabbed .
Observations are the starting point when explanation building .
The Postal Service only operates very large scale economies .
What do you think about our governor , regardless of the fact that she 's female .
They definitely feel included , but they do n't have any tax benefits .
The Calcutta Cup Match is seen by most to be one of the most boring events of a given year .
It is very bland and common place .
Music Professor David Cope who specializes in Mozart 's music claims to have created Mozart 's 42nd symphony .
the unit shall comply with the requirements of subsection a1 under certain conditions .
Using true names was covered in the second part of the book .
Reviewers , as a class , are struggling at the moment .
Jerry , do you follow any sports ?
Her ? '' he asked with a shocked tone .
The museum is not attached to the cathedral .
His attempts to influence the Chinese administration failed .
Clinton said the agents had not told him anything about the issue .
Their rights have been an area of turmoil within the central government .
The stresses affected people much diffferently than the researchers expected .
The woman did not recommend anyone read the book .
The town radio station never relied on any national news sources .
I had many many fans during my Crossfire days .
The past had no major inventions .
Any point you did n't get by fixing the questions can not be added to the executive summary .
Environmental quality should shift everyone 's survival curve .
They were trying to upgrade their systems .
I can give you the solution that is the perfect answer .
The final rule was declared not to be an economically significant regulator action .
they should n't let go of the misdemeanor people
This leads to a final press-friendly quality of McCain ' brilliant flattery , said the journalist .
What do you think of our new female governor ?
They want us to to indulge ourselves with booze .
Criminal discovered in the last part .
Jon told Adrin and the others to only shoot the ones that face us .
NIPA said mineral exploration is not an investment .
Downloading this over a modem will take approximately three days .
How she wrote it was pretty cool .
The NLADA sent Saunders to the conference in NYC .
The hot flame was hard to control because it was big .
They never called them immigrants .
I like jokes about race .
The DOD has more than 100 programs .
Zelon is not run by students in New york state .
He resigned very quickly after the reign of terror .
Jobs clung to the idea of expanding at all costs .
The steam train is only operational in the summer .
I should not keep you .
He is showing that they are wrong .
He asked Tuppence to sit on a red chair .
We have tickets to the Browns waiting for us .
Nowadays there is so much pollution that Agra has had to take measures to protect its monuments .
The NIPA measure is more reliable than the unified budget measure .
He made an effort to point out his bald head .
I do worry that it might be a bad lesson .
Organizations did n't care about members ' participation .
`` I understand , '' said Tuppence after taking a quiet moment to carefully consider the information .
Is that genre of music still a thing ?
There is usually a similar place anywhere you go .
The rule was republished in December 2002 .
James said Legal Services was of no help .
Simulacra does not intimidate me at all .
Interest rate can range from zero to fifteen percent .
Democrats are replacing many Republicans because they were always very forceful in their approach .
The crooks tend to have it in pictures about the Underworld .
We have not done much gardening yet because of the rain .
I takes me just about half an hour to water , and I do it once a week .
Time went by too fast while we were having fun with the kids .
The toxicity of a sample in the range-finding test will be exactly the same as the toxicity in the follow-up test .
I do not need to practice the look .
The disappearance of saving on a personal level may be the reason why household wealth has continued to go up in recent years .
An example is policy wonking , but there are others to be made .
She becomes overly focused about her sauce .
The New Economy is rapidly changing .
the referenced organization has a senior management division .
The GAO have reviewed the activities of President Clinton 's Task Force .
Reggae is the most popular music style in Jamaica .
Either way you wo n't have a prescription .
They spread out .
Harlem was the first permanent office
Most of my CDs are songs of birds dying in the wild .
Nothing major happened for three days .
The staff is rude to their customers .
He grimaced at his doubts .
We know Hillary knew it , the question is when she knew it .
We can definitely manage what we 've started .
They are going to get them one way or another , they always have a way to get drugs .
There are few items priced like that nowadays .
Whole life policies with a term life with annuity could be replaced by the whole organization with something more complicated .
It is suggested the feds have been looking for an accomplice to the bombing for the past year .
Down here , you can see the gold mines from the old explorers , you are way lower than the sea level , so be careful .
There 's no space available to lonely telecommuters .
The levadas were built by the workers .
Rural delivery is more expensive than city .
Their services might be more effective if they 're done in the OR .
Buying him a power mower would probably help him finish the job sooner .
I agree with what you said .
Commercial fishing and ferrying .
It all depends on patients .
The tigers are hunting at this time .
There was fighting over Singapore .
There are a lot of hindrances to overcome .
Nonexchange revenue to the General Mills .
The sun is usually intense there , causing sunburn easily .
Pirates of the Caribbean is also in theaters .
You can see that they hate this line of work .
The most expensive diamonds on the planet are graded with D.
Houses were quickly built to shelter people .
67 through .67 d provide mechanism for limiting issue on which trial-type hearing is required allowing postal service to explain unavailability of the data due to guard dogs .
Wow , I did n't think it was possible for someone in the country to not have seen that .
Statues were moved to Luxor for funerals and other ceremonies .
It is the narrator 's responsibility to take care of them .
All models are subject to analysis .
It 's not easily refused the call to play fortuneteller .
Thar and Erath were not the only worlds in existence then .
The best thing to do was to say everything they knew .
Do you feel gum chewing in public should be as vilified as it seems to be ?
You are n't making sense .
I could have had a bigger place but then I would have clutter .
I am .
The woman is very religious .
You can find more information from the senior executive 's plan .
I enjoy eating cheese too much to abstain from dairy .
It is always convenient to have a credit card .
You 're okay now .
They sell hippie-made jewelry at the Punta Arab market .
They thought it was gone forever .
The media reported on Lingett 's admission that cigarettes cause cancer .
I enjoy receiving information in the shape of a novel .
I do n't need a splint brace .
Most produce is local .
The rate of unemployment is precisely six percent .
GAO has a ROI of $ 57 per dollar that is spent .
About 15 years ago I listened to Rap one time , I am not really that fond of it ,
The dad of the infant has filed a wrongful death suit .
None of them were loyal to anything .
I am very excited about football in the summer .
I was scared and wanted to go home .
Beijing sought to create a good relationship .
There is increasing evidence that the board brought in experts to evaluate Tripp prior to making an offer .
Some trays can make great portable tables .
You can get to Old Cairo by taking the Nile River Bus .
I 've done it in the past and really liked it .
The data is only necessary when looking at the big picture within federal government .
Metal goods .
It has been claimed that the judge had an altercation with the man .
Professors realized it was easy to make a new language .
British action would have made a big difference .
MC2000-2 was recommended by the Finance Commission .
Specific approaches to each principle is different in each sector .
Salt dries in pans at Las Salinas .
The Board questioned the alternatives of presenting costs of Federal mission .
Simulacra is made from mandrakes .
Clothes criticism is not taken seriously by consumers .
Ca ` daan had his mouth wide open .
Venice did not have a vast amount of territory .
Dinghies are rent-able for the marinas at Tel Aviv , Jaffa , Akko , Akko , Netanya , and Nahariya .
We are having a conversation , please be respectful .
Nearly nothing at all .
The only one that had been invited was Dave Hanson .
There was no gun .
His charges went up because his rent went up
It 's never easy to complete cultural transitions in major organizations .
The widely sought after volumes will be available to the public after renovation .
The central bank 's interest rates have tripled in margin .
Fiss ' argues that the state should have a greater interest in media use .
The executives did n't implement the government performance and results act
These immigrants often need legal assistance for the workplace .
I 'm sure most children do n't think it 's amusing at all .
Have you thought it through ?
The story has not been told yet .
58 % of Columbia/HCA 's beds are full .
The call is coming from my next door neighbor
They made sure the place was secure all night long .
He charged Jon with a knife .
I quit drinking and smoking an felt better but I guess it is just old age .
The case study would be incomplete without the acknowledgement of general economic trends .
He has private and public practice , as well as other business to focus on .
I did not choose to become an actor .
She stood immobile , and had a stern expression on her face .
Reestimate is a term that deals with revenue estimates .
The average cost was lower because the MLS is in a lower league than the NHL and NBA .
Practice groups of law firms wrestle with these issues .
Be happy and in a good mood .
They were excited to hear it will come back .
Thre is nothing left today of the old Roman roads .
He loved her for her smile .
Fantastic birds and butterflies can be seen being made of paper in the kampung workshops .
This movie did not exceed my expectations .
The documents are free to view .
The author advised that zinc supplements are good for health .
They drove around a brand new ice cream truck to make sure they could keep it cold .
She liked her restaurant a lot .
Friendly Fire was written by Joe Lovano and Greg Osby .
The spaceships did not come out of nowhere .
I took my kids to see the movie The Rescuers Down Under .
three times pig .
The island was settled on very recently .
They did n't watch him on TV .
The poor local job market pushed me to move to the booming state of Colorado .
Grande Terre 's west coast is a major tourist destination for its mangrove swamps .
I was bored on my last day in Louisian .
The person was after Mrs. Inglethorp 's vast fortune .
George Clooney will lose his job because the producers do n't think he can act .
The paper looks at veteran employment programs .
Severn said the people were not welcome in his house .
The Palace of Jahangir houses a wonderful square court , complete with arches .
He was mostly brought on to manipulate the Chinese administration .
It is the largest center of industry in the city
The levadas were built by 10,000 slaves .
People usually do n't take anti-abortion positions seriously .
These shots will be posted at different times .
It has been around for more than 26 centuries .
He implied that this area was a beautiful place .
Slate put an expert in charge of writing their tax pieces .
The payments were from fiscal year 2002 .
Toobin did not want to talk directly to them .
The audit committees are used to look into the financial aspects of certain businesses .
I am guessing that you did stay at the hotel ?
The agencies requesting guidance were not involved with designing new procedures .
It has been called by the Washington Post as the culmination of a six-month game of political chicken , said the CNN .
The father knew that there was still a lot for his son to experience .
That spot is kept without a statue in order to preserve its sacredness .
Yes , Dave Man , you are not important to us .
The interim rule has been approved by the GOP congress .
The cathedral and fortress are located higher while the gates are below .
Outdoor activities range from beach-going , deep-sea diving , boat excursions , canoeing , and fishing , to hikes and picnics out in the wilderness .
Osmin was going off on a rant .
Joan of Arc was the daughter of a textile worker .
Television shows
There 's absolutely nothing in there .
Devout Hindus believe that dying in the Varanasi frees a soul from the cycle of rebirth .
I have always liked the train and messing around with it .
The Twilight Dance Series also hosts events directly on the beach near the pier .
Harris suggests that it 's a mystery how women have exploited men with their sexual power .
The arches that flank the nave are different from the arches above the entrance .
The uncle had no match in administration ; certainly not in his inefficient and careless nephew , Charles Brooke .
French fries very popular in this country .
Is n't a woman 's body sacred property ?
No one was left behind , no animal either .
I 'll come along .
The Self-Inspection process has no other purpose than to hurt legitimacy of cases .
He leaned over Tommy , his face red with boredom .
This marketplace testing should involve only formal surveys .
The end results of our work was dismal and disappointing .
Think hard about whether or not you want to bring a camera , there is an extra fee and no flash allowed .
All studies have the same amount of uncertainty to them .
The Photo Shop has a greater variety of film than Abbey Photographic .
A young girl was screaming .
So it 's social science
Commercial calculation is still not enough to explain his resolve .
Julius believed that we were accurate .
Jon stayed silent .
That is not bad , it is actually pretty good .
Dinosaurs were all extinct .
The prey is meant to be eaten .
Some locals do , however , frequent the sports shops .
They volunteers were happy to help .
Ca ` daan was concerned about the grunting Kal .
The paper looks at youth employment programs .
The Old King 's House had an incident where the King was murdered inside of it .
Specialist reviewers or reviewers with seniority are having an easier time of it .
This page intentionally left blank .
Net cost for college programs can be calculated as a way to increase productivity .
There is a radical side effect that was not intended .
Please respond .
The bridge would work temporarily .
Rep. Charles Rangel is a politician .
Money will give results if there is enough of it .
Is that true ?
The Santa Monica Pier hosts free summer concerts arranged each year .
Time 's cover package focuses on how students perform in schools in different environments .
They died at a young age .
Everyone needs to maintain an open look to the public in order to attain trust .
Susan is a a fifth grade teacher .
Everyone is going to nag you about it .
This last year my parents went sailing near Costa Rica .
The Midlothian Ski Centre is the only artificial ski slope in Scotland .
Bhansi Ghat is famour for the ability to take cruises .
Clinton was somewhat of a celebrity in the 80s .
Recorded menus do not provide any information at this time .
I was thinking of other things so I ca n't recall .
I have no idea what that is like .
Both Santa Claus and the Rockettes with appear but one may appear to have a heart attack .
There is some political extremism stemming from the influx of refugees .
The DOD is certain to have a bad return on these funds .
some participants cautioned that principle-based standards should be viewed as a panacea to solve the problems
St. Francis Xavier 's relics were never recovered , unfortunately .
He is quiet but still gets lots of things through Congress .
We saved a ton this year .
I used to try to sell wheat pennies .
It started the rise of the German Empire in India .
Finally , progressives are noticing that the best argument for government activism is its success .
The country is in unrest .
Seated , he enjoyed the silence .
There are three routes to the three Carbet falls , each a different length and all continue after the road seemingly ends .
If he runs for President , Trump will most likely spend millions on his campaign .
Yeah well are you with the FBI ?
Uninteresting to her subjects , she was ignored by them .
Affected small entities have representatives who provide advice and recommendation to the panels for their deliberative process .
Park land tends to be less valuable than urban land .
The majority of the world abides by a common auditing code .
I can handle hot weather but I am not fond of the cold .
Deliveries could not possibly be reduced below their current levels .
I felt quite relieved and shouted joyously .
Italy has nothing of interest for foreign visitors .
The Navy creates bridgeopening schedules .
Bob Dole asserted that Clinton had privilege in all cases .
I felt great .
he had n't heard anything
You can travel from Cockpit Country to St. Ann 's Bay in a couple of hours .
Reality is so bland that the technology business gets spiced up .
You do n't have a kiln , do you ?
The reason to have children is so that they can do yardwork .
Tuppence made Whittington uncomfortable and was trying to avoid her .
Czarek had to engage in a fight to seek attention .
It will be in the future .
The Allies did n't care about peace .
They did not think they deserved to be rewarded .
Congress made several big reforms in the nineties to ensure agencies are held accountable for their actions .
The ancient capital of the island is called Thira , and dates back to the third century b.c.
Galileo 's Trial was cancelled .
The judge was an upstanding guy .
The north 's remainder is quite simple and self-explanatory even for beginners .
The church has an old and beautiful Baroque styled pulpit that is used in sermons .
Heather 's was cheerful and unlike a Molly Ringwald movie
Converting into just one program will help administer justice to more poor people in Colorado .
The five-year deal will be worth $ 100 million
Organizations had mandatory bonding exercises for their members .
Visit mid day in tourist season to fully understand .
These product photographs show off the beauty of our craftsmanship .
Carroll and Grayson counties had been added .
Men who have become rich and famous by telling everyone else how to be better are making people fed up .
Octavian , Julius Caesar 's nephew , took the name Augustus ; Rome ceased to be a republic , and became an empire .
If you do n't drink , do n't bother visiting the pubs in London .
The Mad Torrent comes before Gladstone 's Rock .
The analysis done by the Commission uses quantifiable and general descriptions of how the rule affects small entities .
Go at dawn and sunset to see the desert at optimal times .
This example shows elements of advanced and less developed economies .
Andratx is near to the coast and the Serra de Tramuntana mountains .
Your membership is the only way that this could work .
We have had cable for the past five years .
We have nothing to do but stare at the walls til the game starts .
The promise of our government wo n't be fulfilled until all of society can afford access .
Of course she will
Penrith and Blencathra are the names of Celtic queens .
The request for proposal was in 1995 .
We need to talk a lot .
Computers will not be able to function to a business ' standards once the equipment is 7 years old .
The Broncos are a better team .
Instead of looking into the self image of the tobacco industry , look at the entertainment industry .
He has a body .
Different requirements are required for different levels of hazard .
How come the look alike is n't good enough to be a stunt double ?
She was always confident with talking to Tommy .
The fire had grown to a giant size .
Agra 's first historical mention is in 1501 , when Sultan Sikandar Lodi made it his capital .
The boy carved the sword by hand .
Many kids leave the Scouts when they are pre-teens .
the park on the hill in Monte has a good playground , but may not be as exciting for older kids .
Times have never been better for reviewers .
The wares are made of leather .
I believe my body is a temple , and I worship at its altar .
He stopped moving so quickly .
I have been into it on and off in the past years .
The paper says youth employment programs are helpful .
I 'm good for two million dollars .
I think he is good , but not the best .
Lack of views on research in education
There are many sights to see in Beziers , including the Cathedrale Saint-Nazaire .
Because they would break .
Sandstone and granite were chosen as the materials for the Baroque church of Bom Jesus because of how sturdy they are .
They make annual donations to legal services .
A traveler said the settlement was floundering .
We have never been to Florida .
I 'm definitely not .
they last forever .
Jobs and work .
The book has quotes from various people including Lincoln and Jefferson .
Mr. Inglethorp , as per your request , your wife 's dying words have been read .
We know all about their tax plan .
Approximately 300 people forcibly forfeited their property in 2015 .
Society would be perfect and there would be no more war if we could just rid ourselves of our debt .
I 'll listen to the person talking about trains .
People in America are very well informed on controversial topics , according to Fiss .
The ancient capital has some of the most stunning architecture of the entire island .
Good Oklahoma 's program needs $ 100,000 of funding that it has n't received .
They do n't contribute anything to society .
Eleanor Newhoff was one of the runners-up .
Al Pachino is an absolutely horrible person .
Different Large Museums .
He made out the British and Dutch to be just interested in trading .
The outside of the church is n't much to look at , but the inside is intricately decorated .
It was clear
The amount of resources available for investment increases when government savings are increased .
The incumbents are running completely unopposed by any other candidate .
You 've stepped over me more than one time today alone .
Details regarding validation engagements ought to express that the engagement was made as per by and large acknowledged government evaluating guidelines .
My kid would get caught stealing if they tried .
You are actually the Desert Ghost .
On the day of the deadline , I received a gold trophy .
He was drunk .
There has never been a need to defend St. Barts .
There were remains in the Manzanares Valley that included cavemen .
Open on Friday .
King Farouk was exiled to Italy , and signed his abdication in 1952 .
Let 's leave it .
Tommy said to hold on hard .
A whole life policy is the best choice for someone who expects to live to the age of 90 .
My wife 's mother owns three dogs and loves ours too .
Morality is of high value to everyone no matter who they are .
I will never believe in what you just said .
The palace is adorned with gold plated bannisters and diamond chandeliers .
I have n't ever been to Midland .
COCOMO is the most popular industry-recognised model .
For a while , we had three Danes .
It was just a few pounds but I ate it all .
Test Rocks
I do n't know if one exists but I will do my best to research the matter .
The street has plenty of shade for those who want it .
ever since i injured my right ankle , i ca n't put weight on it
Nobody can be poisoned by mistake .
There is a container on the window containing organic matter .
The tunnel collapsed behind Jon as he ran .
There was going to be a problem while editing the paper .
Thaler and Siegel want to know how long it will take most investors to know realize and know the implications of the equity premium being too high .
The last thing you 'd say about the museum is that it 's evocative .
Kemal Ataturk was never affiliated with the Ottoman Empire .
The abbey is the region 's most photographed building .
Anyone I know who eats that kind of stuff is very ill .
Aggregate household wealth has plummeted since the 1990s as household assets have steadily decreased .
I try to please everyone , but I rarely succeed .
Venice and Reppublica Serena had similar hopes and plans .
They said there was only one shift .
The tunnel of Eupalinos is so large that it is said to have been used to house the construction of the titanic .
San ` doro might have impacted him .
They watched him on TV all the time .
I 've been thinking about it for the past two weeks .
Mutahir was the most excellent diplomat in the history of India .
According to current reports , the question is not if , but when did Hillary know about it .
The Vice President is also personally upset and has expressed much anger over this issue .
No , that is an insignificant step .
Auditors may conduct business in foreign countries .
She stood next to a chair .
Agreed-upon Auditors have never tried to issue a report of findings based on specific procedures .
Along with those attractions are some of the most beautiful beaches in the world .
I think it 's one or the other .
If you put these four sentences into your paper , professors will immediately know that it 's been plagiarized .
Mallorca suffered .
There are so many places to shop that you can find anything you need .
The lure of alcohol was unrelenting and the bar pulled me in .
I nodded twice in order to acknowledge I understood .
The statement has ended the controversy over whether the Mass is a sacrifice for the remission of sins .
Harlem was the last permanent office
Bill Clinton is n't a rapist
The Administrator believes a environmental impact statement should be prepared .
Panhandle is a town in Florida .
They were tough and loyal .
It is n't now , but it could be possible in the future .
The strike price of Lowe 's stock could be $ 98 .
I do n't want to stop you .
There are many groups of designers who style the clothing here .
No , I figured is was all areas .
The program aired on PBS .
Are they wearing emeralds ?
The man designed a skit where popular performers went out and enjoyed total success in front of a crowd .
She felt bad for Dave .
I 'm not sure they 're old enough to have back packs .
That 's true , America 's paying to for other folks to provide international aid so they could train and pay their own citizens at the same time .
The pleasure of doing is much stronger than that of not doing .
All of the remaining Moorish soldiers were executed .
every aspect of it was amazing , the best i 've ever seen
I discovered what nothing was when I moved out there .
There is a role reversal going on in relation to democracy .
You grew up in Tulsa .
The age of consent is age 21 as well .
There are a lot of communication channels .
The temperatures have remained steady and no one is sick here .
I have clothed and fed you .
We tend to deal with several customers as well as government staff .
Practicing lets you do anything you put your mind to , like flipping off a rock .
Reestimate is a term that deals with estimates .
The Standard covers similar territory .
The national defense budget will decrease by 2002 .
There is only one basic form of pleasure .
He seemed a little bit embarrassed .
Reports do n't need to follow government standards .
The tobacco executives will get jail time .
The old Empire is still ongoing .
It 's still pretty much winter here .
Lawyers in the network will receive a billion dollar increase to their budgets .
Hong Kong is a great place to find commercial know-how .
Some perspectives might be subjective .
I do n't like television much , I do like Cheers though .
Eating kale five times a week may result in your wife leaving you .
He was wearing a leather breastplate that had a red symbol on the chest .
For the rest of the way home , we all sang songs and played games .
Making money rather .
Gingrich will not fill the position .
The CFO Act destroyed the CFO Council .
Ca ` daan 's mouth was cut wide open .
Foreign companies had to take Indian money .
Adrin fired his machine gun as he watched .
I 've had to paint every year .
There is no road between Esna and Luxor .
You can use those chemicals as a fertilizer
Case studies in writing .
The Nile River Bus travels back and forth from Old Cairo several times each day .
It is a matter of not having nay patients .
It was eerily silent when she saw Albert running towards her .
She tied her hair up with a ribbon
Most plants need to install control equipment to meet requirements .
The production of entertainment films can be dull .
Even though we had not solved the problem , we kept on trying .
The backwater has multiple ferry connections to other islands .
They will be taking is away from here very early .
King Farouk was exiled to France in 1952 , after signing his resignation .
The Varanasi Hindu University has an art museum on its campus which may be superior objectively to the national collection in Delhi .
Ancient coins are the only ones I buy .
Always disrespectful of Catholicism .
The three chose to send for a doctor and ignore the alluring potential treasures .
On average , the jury nullifies 1 in every 50 cases .
yes , up there the insects must be really annoying in September
Someone yelled to finish the battle .
There was only a pillar on the platform .
It was a very cold day .
Conspiracy theorists believe Mastercard is working on a chip to store all your personal data .
I felt intense disrespect for him ...
Jon wiped the blade after stabbing the man in the throat .
These gardens contain more than a dozen types of orchids .
Can you see it ?
The temple markets will charge a lot more for the items then the second-hand bookstores will .
There are no ways to overcome fund limitation .
He then started to run .
It cost a lot to keep a large area of grass alive during the summer .
We 'll see if we can get some funding to develop the idea .
The Women 's Haven needs to hire a full-time lawyer .
He also believed that a tax return was necessary .
If we rally behind a female candidate , she might lose , but we will make history .
As long as Assad does n't die he will be able to take care of the troubles .
He never bothered to shrug about things .
Jon was talking to someone that he agreed with on most things .
After 12 hours looking for him , Lincoln/Natalia gave up .
No women in Turkey ever wear a scarf .
Aegean life was going well up until the Bronze Age .
Maybe it was possible , no new taxes is a hard thing to do with the economy right now
It turns out maybe I 'd be quite good at that particular market .
It is an island in the Mediterranean Sea .
There is a lot of domestic abuse in Kentucky .
weekly .
It 's easily refused the call to play fortuneteller .
National saving affect living standards according to our simulation results and a historical data set .
People who like trains or who are patient are most likely to enjoy long train trips in Italy .
Where did she go ?
I wish you hate your office so much .
Koreans and Japanese have tension between them .
It was built in the modern era to look like something built in the past .
Montmarte is an essential piece of Paris mythology .
You 're going to see the TAs more than the professors .
The museum is n't planned out very well and too large for a single visit .
Nobody would buy the stock if there was a discount .
In the bank vault .
He knew things , but hoped someone else knew more .
We do n't need so many lawyers .
There was a previous offensive move made . .
The whole organization was prepared to fight to keep whole life policies with a term life with annuity .
Tommy was suddenly kicked into action .
i never put mine in the windows
Five other bodies have come down like this .
Though I 've never read any research regarding how many words people heard back then compared to now , I 'm sure the number has gone up .
Though the Marshall Plan was designed to help other countries , it failed to fulfill its purpose with the Communists .
Jon thought that the idea was perfectly sound .
Buyers were offered incentives to persuade them to buy land in New Town .
I was relieved that my friend was feeling so well and happy .
The registration is free .
I do n't think he has a body at all .
Lind said the US would have had to leave Vietnam eventually anyways .
I did what I was told to do .
Mercury can not be quantified .
Observations are the last part of explanation building .
This breakdown of PA-Israeli cooperation is the basis for Israeli complaints that Arafat is culpable for last weeks Jerusalem bombing .
He or she entered the wrong church .
A mediocre performer with a lot of roles can still be considered great .
We all got tired of data collection and clever analyses of what might happen .
Producing energy is the main source of US greenhouse gas emissions .
Ken Bode has criticized the New York Times Magazine in the past .
You will enjoy stretching your legs as you climb the Ceteau de Marqueyssac .
who can blame who greatly appreciates our schedule ?
Japan supplied them exclusively with war goods .
The toxicity of a sample in the range-finding test might be very different from the toxicity in the follow-up test .
If I needed to take time off from work , I could afford it .
The guide will be republished again in six months .
Cost assignment identifies nothing
We do n't need to look through the purple despatch-case .
The logic for the case studies is the same thing as in the data collection .
He believed they could only qualify with a stated income .
John Panzar believes in nationalizing all postal delivery services and couriers into a single entity for cost-saving purposes .
If the Federal government saves more the economy grows .
Julia was carrying a blue suitcase filled with a dismembered body .
Unnatural and unresponsive approaches
I find plastic to be too easy to use .
The sultan enjoyed drinking from the marble fountains in the Imperial Hall .
Gododdin 's accomplishments have been recorded in a Welsh manuscript .
Goods and services are always sold in public .
It screwed things up when they said too much .
He was very calm and said not to worry .
The censure will proceed even if Clinton opposes it .
Agencies must produce financial statements that can be audited .
Kentucky marriages tend to be the healthiest .
Drug and alcohol rehab records are to be kept confidential
The conflicts within the central government have been going on for decades .
The Muslims honor Moses more than anyone else .
GAO will likely have an easier time achieving cultural transitions than other organizations of similar size .
Near the church you can see Greyfriars Place and a new museum .
He was not able to ghost .
He hated Monica and wanted nothing to do with her after leaving the office .
HCFA never revised any regulations for any programs .
Some auditors perform tests to issue findings based on certain circumstances .
Go at noon to see the desert for the best view .
Julius was staying and someone else was leaving .
Friendly Fire is about war treaties .
There is a bookshop at the gallery .
The analysis thought the rule would have no impact on US entities at all .
I am familiar with what that is like .
There are many ancient historical sites on Mykonos .
Someone should have taken charge of it .
The action was pretty unrealistic , none of the real world implications seemed to be taken into consideration .
Their ideas can be applied in schools and churches .
What body does he have ?
Local inhabitants of Asia were unable to be converted to Christianity .
The glass roof was shattered in 1990 as a result of having debris fall on top of it .
Bork stared at the ground , giving up on waiting .
The debt was left to accumulate .
The Royal Dining Room is not quite shabby and not used much .
Indeed we go away from the original subject because we got distracted .
The Supreme Court agreed to hear a case about pooling client money to fund pro-bono cases .
All movies at the theater are cheaper than five dollars .
Music Professor David Cope says he has created Mozart 's 42nd symphony .
The city is nowhere near as charming as other Mediterranean cities .
Sarawak is a type of pottery that features bold geometric designs against an ochre-colored background .
that 's mostly right
The audience will be introduced to the art of Egyptian style gyrating by a belly-dancer .
Poirot had left the keys in the car .
Are you from Texas ?
The runs would cost $ 36,000 .
The use of salt on meats was revolutionary .
The bright painted sculptures are of Buddha .
Progressives are just now realizing that the best way to argue government activism is that it has proven to be very successful , although this is n't the only part of the argument progressives are noticing .
It was challenging to fight him .
He needs to match what his customer want because he only has three weeks to make it happen !
It might sound arrogant , but allow them to come to us
Randall Kennedy is black .
I saw that it was still the middle of the night .
Cold and dry .
That is not even remotely related .
They have tiny back packs and stuff .
The Arawak migrated to Jamaica at the start of the 700s .
At any time I would call Triple A.
The grander showrooms tend to have extremely lively atmospheres .
With this knowledge , workers can understand that some revenue increases and benefit reductions will be needed to restore solvency .
I remember vividly what they look like .
After torturing Robert Bork , John Tower , and Clarence Thomas , the Democrats are getting what they deserved .
Baron Haussmann regrets implementing the 900 hectares of parkland on the western edge of the city .
The domino effect was not something that Japan had to suffer through .
They were spooky .
Most CPAs are in private accounting .
Daniel sat on the forest floor , surrounded by hyenas .
Gingrich may fill the position .
They drug test the men who fix power lines .
His income is on guaranteed terms , meaning that even if he is jailed and ca n't play , he still gets his salary as per normal .
They showcased the final phases in Appendix A.
The national defense budget will increase by 6 billion dollars by 2002 .
In 1998 , mail sent between households represented 7 percent of total mail sent .
You know , because you were told .
I 'm not free right now .
Ca ` daan knew that Whitebelly was old and fragile and did n't want to endanger her with such a long journey .
It was stated that each entity should match their methods of operation to fit their particular situations .
Some areas from the foothills of the Himalayas to the Bay of Bengal are kept as nature reserves .
They have put him in a coma now .
The formal Review Process guarantees representatives get a free meal .
I took a five year note out on my car when I got out of college , and I 'll never do that again .
The stories were featured on the front page of the paper .
It is well and we will be on our way .
He was very tall .
The best selection of flowers at the Flower Market can be found before dawn .
They had the door slammed in their face .
Tommy had n't eaten all day .
They said that the current system reflects that diversity
Our higher-end stores have been suffering due to the recession , and many have shut down for lack of revenue .
They do n't go well together .
Slate has been discontinued .
The elitist appeal of noh drama dates back to the Tokugawa shogunate .
Emission caps are going to be cut substantially .
Participants thought auditing should be less confrontational and more collaborative .
Kids today are not bundles of joy , and are symbols of failure .
Buchanan passed on the opportunity to seek the presidential nomination .
The oil pipeline caused an uproar from the environmental preservationalists .
Natural approaches are key
The bins just stay there and are decorated .
The men looked strong enough to handle anything .
I am studying computer engineering .
I got really angry when I took it for the two thousand mile checkup .
You have no dreams for the future .
It is obvious that people know how to contact lawyers .
Tommy was n't hungry .
Turkey lost some territory during the Balkan Wars .
The Gatehouse in Kent will harbor all the secrets you desire .
IT all boils down to how much education you have .
Zero legal aid cases go unassisted each year .
Along side the road leading to the entrance , you will pass fields of tomatoes .
The people with low incomes do not know what s available to them as far as legal help is concerned .
The model temple complex was built in the 1900s .
The profiling was a much anticipated release .
The technology that evaluates information from the RFP allows the LSC to compile information about delivery systems .
Scottish weavers are known for their attention to detail , exemplified through the fine weave and pattern .
The criminal law is a whole body unto itself .
Nothing is a dangerous as ultimate fighting .
UNLV may be the greatest amateur team ever .
Reestimate is a term that does n't deal with estimates .
The door moved .
They only accept electronic submissions and throw away any hand written requests .
Chennai is one of the biggest , most bustling cities in the region .
oh , does it ? no way
It involves the whole family playing games together , and the kids like that .
Pacino plays a 60 Minutes producer .
Those games are a lot of fun so I watch all of them .
The analysis is done on simplistic computers
The market sells mostly clothing and household goods , not food items .
IQ boosting can not be done through fetal replacement .
Intellectual property is a term that was developed in the last decade .
Tuppence was shocked .
The rich tourist district has shopping centers and a good number of restaurants .
First-Class Mail is never used by households to pay their bills
I agree because you persuaded me .
This situation may be good or bad .
The police were overt brutal .
Everything to do with winning the election is a celebration .
What TV station has documentaries about space travel ?
Only 10 Irish died or were deported as a result of his ruthless campaigns .
I ca n't believe that actually happened .
The Sandal Bedesten took forty years to completely construct .
Leaves you with plenty of time for your kids .
EIA used the standard technology assumptions to develop the AEO2001 reference case projections .
They have socialized health care .
It is widespread .
It was completely crazy .
I wo n't go outside , I do n't care about him .
She was not content with how she looked .
Blue is more acceptable .
Educating the kids to learn and practice and not manufacturing cars with miles per hour to make it happen .
All security managers said they were concerned about threats to their information security .
I did not notice the long branch pointing in the right direction .
Yes . There is a definitely a way out of there , where as there is n't a way out of the other field .
The mail sent in response to advertising is included .
Morant Point Lighthouse is in Mexico .
The movie is always better than the book .
Bork was perfectly still .
They lived in Jerusalem but would make pilgrimages to Galilee .
They found the strychnine under the prisoner 's bed .
He remembered Adrin all this time .
There are no instructors on the floor .
That sounds as intriguing as the premise of this book .
After Nasser left the throne , Anwar el-Sadat took control .
I 've never looked at either of them .
The CFO and GPRA Acts have been successful in keeping agencies honest .
The tips were made of a hard material .
I agree with the fact that he did not have a cast that was as supportive as Montana 's .
Microsoft is losing its dominance due to the emergence of Web-based applications .
They will come after me first .
He said that while paying more than 30 percent , it 's not like anyone has ever gone broke .
There are no consequences to indulging ourselves .
He 's worried about the trees because the lilac bushes grow so fast they could wrap around them .
Madame de Maintenon lived in the Grand Trianon palace .
the associated cost is primarily some of the costs of assessing and collecting duties
If I were somewhere else I would be getting paid .
Your foundation is a slab .
Oh , you 're just joking .
The ferry does not operate on Mondays and Thursdays .
The Mauryas needed to conger Kalinga to secure sea and land routes .
You are more likely to come across the work of Mrinal Sen in India than in North America .
The Taurus show had a lot of other auto parts .
Sabbath is open .
Okay sure
Eve 's Apple stayed on bestsellers list for 12 weeks .
well , you 're aware that the floor was n't even
The shallow bays and the coastline are the worst place for windsurfing .
`` You will not take him as your husband and run away . ''
You 've changed my mind with a new perspective .
It is true
A man and a girl were in sight of each other .
People who hunt in the wildlife conservation areas will go to jail .
As dark as it is , Heather 's has the samebtheme as Ringwald/Cusack movies
Borker said to never trust a Sather .
The report shows that we need to be productive to have a successful year
The historical cost is used by the manufacturing industry .
The editors who run them had no respect for rock stars .
Agencies have no operating trust and produce little to no auditable financial statements .
The government provides protection to many people .
13 executives effectively implemented the government performance and results act
People will purchase the most tickets when they have a fifty percent or higher chance to win .
I am dealing with certain circumstances .
I remember that when I went to college we did n't have anything like that .
Azure is a common and delicious food made with cereals , nuts and fruit .
Cubans would go up in arms if we tried to annex Cuba .
I take an aerobics class at nine o'clock .
All we have to do is get around to it .
Some trays can be great for watching tv and eating dinner .
It has terrible views of the parking lot .
I took a four year note out on my car , and it was a great decision .
To keep the peace between Miss Howard and Alfred Inglethorp would prove only too easy , given how they craved each others ' company .
They kept all of the salted fish for themselves .
The Postal Service pays salaries that are much lower than normal .
He knew how the Sim would change .
He recognized Tuppence immediately .
I do n't understand .
It a place like Dallas it 's seven percent .
Women who are on welfare will not qualify for the implant .
The documents are online .
Interpreters will be distributed at an even male , female ratio .
After Madrid became the capital of Spain , there were massive economic advantages for the region .
Yes and there 's nine percent interest for the credit union .
There are some things that you need to ignore .
The LSC State Planning Initiative was the first of its kind among similar organizations .
There was no supervision .
Free puppet shows
We all know that the Indians ancestors did not come from Asia .
In 1775 Turin was a brand new capital .
He will be in trouble if he keeps it .
Serious campaigns are being run by a few pro-life Democrats .
The Philadelphia Eagles is great team .
Malaysia is an old country .
Is the address for Mr. Whittington located in town or in the country ?
The Christian Democrats caused great instability in the 1980s .
Koreans and Japanese have tension between them because of a war long ago .
McDonald 's was sending their hot foods out in the Styrofoam and they got a lot of flack about it , that they are going to work on something .
The NIPA was never a useful metric and was n't used by anyone for anything .
France knew this was good .
He was wearing complex satin breastplate that had several black glyphs on the chest .
Infants are capable of feeding themselves from birth , and many even develop speech and advanced motor skills within the first weeks .
His amazing body could heal itself against anything .
The audience was stunned to realize that the bigotry we 'd been introduced to was n't the bigotry we expected .
The flame was hard to control , but had enough heat .
We had the advantage of having more bullets than them .
I remember clearly going to my undergraduate education .
In ancient times , the island 's forgotten backwater enabled it to have strong natural defenses .
South Carolina has a referendum right , so the Supreme Court was powerless over the state .
There are a lot of companies that are still laying people off .
Evaluations of Case Studies .
A new unit is put on the communal dwelling every instance a new family was created through marriage .
Leaving everything behind .
I 've never gotten kicked out .
The addition of a site to an existing group of sites under study has to support generalizability of the findings .
The role reversal concerning democracy is a net positive .
I was an intelligence analyst for quite some time .
Remember what happened in Iraq ?
In the early 1990s Japan slipped quickly into stagnation , and then recession , because crashing real estate prices had a domino effect on the rest of the economy .
She did not admit anything while speaking to Dorcas .
The agencies that responded appreciated the initiative by GAO .
It has not been moved yet in the past .
Add my speculation to the sociologists ' , said the old man .
The visitors who view this collection , have also gone to the Louvre .
IQ boosting can be done through fetal replacement .
It wo n't be easy , but it can be done .
The whole river can be seen from the hanging gardens .
There are no laws constraining it .
Tommy happily declared to hang nothing .
I 'm not sure if I got to vote in the last local one , but I can ask my friend if he did .
The oilskin was ripped away by them .
It is best if a man goes first .
Managers offer employees benefits in return for information .
Sarawak potter is blue and gold .
What the prize was being used for made all the difference in the value .
Do n't respond .
The practice groups find possible solutions to the issues .
Do you put it in the refrigerator after ?
The threestep planning process examines years of development , even though the number of steps is low .
It seems to work pretty well all year long .
Reducing project schedules and the costs associated with construction increases the company 's profits .
Bill got more than one letter last year that made him feel loved .
It could look like Dungeons and
The managers stormed out of the meeting because they did not share the same vision for the organization anymore .
People will come and get me .
It is too bad that she never regained her memory .
The allowance has been increased since 1989 .
She was n't able to see them .
Barrett Duke is a terrorist of the Southern Baptists .
Farmers and fishermen are big fans of the government policies and have never thought to protest them .
What is it that you do ?
The Long Bay is a nice place to receive a tan .
WorldAid had a GLobal expo in 1996 .
My last day in Louisian was very exciting .
There is a radical side effect that was not intended , said the teacher .
Sometimes they have dressing but they use too much sage and salt .
Julius needed an answer right then .
They said `` Hello ! '' when they saw her .
Many famous explorers set off from the Victoria Terminus .
Pollees down-rated Clinton by up to 5 points .
The Indigenous Project is run by the Nebraska Law Center .
Dinard does not have a public swimming pool .
I read the book first and never wait for the movie .
It wo n't be possible to get passed that .
Most studies are not planned well .
Judgments take a long time to make .
Arafat is in bad health and does not have a person chosen to take his place .
You can tell that they really enjoy the type of thing they 're doing right now .
There is no statue of Buddha located there .
He was reluctant to do so because he knew John was innocent , but he had no choice if he wanted to live .
Most plants need to install control equipment to meet requirements , but it a long process to get that done .
that 's right , yes
Puglia is crammed with tourism .
I did not even stop to have anything to eat .
I know where he is hiding now .
They simply do n't have the money to put into that sort of thing .
The south tower has the best view in the city .
He trained in martial arts but the plot was boring .
Her voice was ironclad and radiated confidence .
There are no problems in the security of federal agencies .
Kal and Thorn were very angry .
She has chose to live a heightened life thanks to Buddhism .
Owning a computer does n't change the usage of postage for a household .
Alice Cooper was not as dark as Marilyn Manson .
All of my favorite musicians are current .
I like to be able to eat real healthy .
He was always sober .
Sometimes the emperor was less than 18 years of age .
I have always had a love for trains .
There is no assigned value for maximum pesticide concentration in water .
It is not fun .
The Sikhs were a minority group in the area .
I totally agree with your criticism .
Big publishers want to produce more books , even if that means badly selling films .
Regulations were revised by HCFA pertaining to the costs of graduate programs , because they neglected those programs .
We are going into a nice bit of money .
I believe that many children think it 's amusing , the similar uneasiness that there 's someone beneath the bed .
Their main focus to to support Congress .
Clinton shuttered the DOE to move against waste .
Duke William completed his conquest of England in 1066 .
The residents of Crete fled to higher ground and on one was harmed .
A federal role in supporting legal services is vital so that no Americans are left out
Stark got buried .
It says something if people rally behind a female candidate , even if she loses .
These measurements are for the Taj Mahal .
Severn knows everything about the Jarvis children .
The birth of Siddartha Gautama took place in a house .
There is a huge conflict of interest between the president and his nominee .
He never managed to get that breath of air , however .
Clinton kept her friends and relationships private in the 80s .
We are presenting the test by comparing percentages for each of the posts with actual percentages .
you are in the right part of the mountains .
I would not wish for anyone I know to be on the Today show .
The Supreme Court agreed to hear a case about pooling client money .
It is possible history repeats itself .
It was very easy because I just did a thumb print .
They 're excellent .
I was very calm and collected .
You could n't tell where he was because he was in front of a backdrop .
Five are correlated during the summer in certain areas .
He got poisoned from the scratch so his heart broke .
Malaysia has many rich , multi-faceted traditions within a current , busy economy .
I find the head bangers to be dangerous association and harmful to one 's health .
The islands were not allowed to join France .
It 's all the same whether you smoke marijuana or inject it .
We are n't sure if Tigon has been bought yet .
Senior Executives do not care about the customer satisfaction .
General economic trends would have to be considered by a case study on job training effectiveness .
The remains have been preserved as a site for pilgrims to visit .
Employee performance can be improved with incentives .
I quit drinking and smoking so I guess it is just old age .
I was unimpressed by Landsburg 's pay Scales in Black and White .
If people cut down the amount of trash they make that would also help solve the problem .
Wealthy parents are not necessary .
It does not use a risk assessment methodology due to time constraints .
The fire was burning nearby .
Everything on the island has been downsized and commodified , so visitors can only do one thing .
The experiments proved that it was no different that random chance .
I feel that Americans value morality more than you do .
Tom refused to turn on his friend , even though he was slated to be executed .
It was a popular type of latex house paint .
They 're a distance from the water are n't they .
To be more effective with children , he should never be seen .
The effects of injected cannabinoids might be different than smoking them .
The shrubbery by the house was thick and as green as the grass underneath them .
I am white .
The man tried again to stab him .
Vacco is from Texas .
To manage better , agencies often need to rely on unsound information .
Try as they might , they could not reach the shrubbery unmolested .
Emergency housing relief totaled 8 million dollars .
yeah lots of people for the right life
He kept his gun holstered .
George Clooney 's character will give an unauthorized painkiller to his patient in episode 7 .
He wasted no time speaking .
Capital is money , not people .
Investing in domestic companies .
I live in a constant state of despair and depression .
Even if he ran from President , Trump 's campaign would not receive any of his money .
Piccadilly subway station .
You can get a grant to build a prison .
They have been prepping for years .
Traditional dating generally involves an alpha male with a beta female .
Certain colors seem to be more acceptable .
It is completely wrong .
Stand up and start thinking .
The only other possible interpretation of section 330 was to treat the phrase standards promulgated , as noted by NHTSA .
The experiment ended with Ahkenaten 's death and people became curious .
Most of us thought that he was very naive .
There is n't a wide variety of shopping spots .
I believe that many children think it 's amusing , the similar uneasiness that there 's someone beneath the bed or hiding in their closet .
Arnold Schwarzenegger has become somewhat of a variety actor .
Rehnquist was a respected justice .
The grants flow from the Executive branch of the United States government .
Temperatures are still below the freezing point outside .
Economists suggest that this change is minor and therefore not noteworthy .
Only members can use the CD listening stations at the side .
I 'm not really interested in last year 's teams because I know who the winner was and that 's all that counts .
This question was very easy to answer .
It hummed quietly in his hand .
I have figured it all out .
The Romans did n't infiltrate Ibiza .
This episode reminds me of skits with Monthy Python .
No one asked for a fire .
U.S. consumers and factories in East Asia benefit from imports .
they play at the dollar movie theater because expensive theaters wo n't make any money on them
The chateau is certainly the least formidable in all of the Loire Valley .
I think I should do it from now on to deal with my heartburn issues .
It 's a good way of sharing money , but there 's no money .
There was a rather lengthy branch that was pointing in the right direction .
Driving is difficult because it takes many hours .
Expansion .
Rationality of service tiers continues on .
It 's not something
The Journal asked `` Is any publicity good publicity ? ''
Stereotypical things like whiskey bottles and hay-bales represents alternative country .
North Africans and eastern Europeans eagerly accepted the prospect of staying where they were , while those from Asia Minor and the Balkins settled on the Lingurian coast .
The third figure covers delivery points to stops
Our clients can afford attorneys and bouncing between lawyers .
I enjoyed my time in university .
I only watch frivolous things on Thursday nights .
The Flamingo would launch and a large mob presence would exist in Las Vegas .
Changes negotiated by the Postal Service and a mail user for their mutual benefit may merit recommendation under the applicable statutory standards .
Many organizations facilitated members ' participation in their activities .
This model is useful for seeing how certain budget policies affect national saving .
I do n't know anyone in the village .
The legs will be healed soon .
Talking about privacy is a complicated topic , there are a couple different ways of talking about it , for example privacy is something that disturbs your private state ...
Jon wanted Adrin to get better .
The Loire connected central France to the Atlantic .
A man such as me can not fail ...
Angry consumers do n't bother to complain about cheapo car care .
`` We need to just stay inside and relax . ''
Do n't say anything .
Sunblock should be used to protect skin from the sun .
The man remains silent and merely smiles
One opportunist who stayed went by the name Octavius .
The Bonapartists were led by Napoleon 's nephew .
The Black River is measured at seventy-one kilometers in length .
Dorcas will be asked questions and is brave with Grey hair .
Funchal heavily imports hand-crafted goods because of how many they manage to sell every week .
The factory show rooms are cheaper .
Each function cost $ 1000 to create .
The woman was full of sadness and sat by herself .
It was n't traumatic for me .
I think I will go finish up my laundry .
The baker was n't happy .
Programs in Michigan receive no grants at all .
Asians are always poor .
The comedy about eye disease was hilarious .
Specific approaches to each principle is different in each sector , with the oil industry being the most flexible .
She was happy for Dave .
I submit the report to you and the other officials
GAO may need to ease up on some of their superfluous restrictions unrelated to job performance .
He was a mess of nerves and rage .
The Government does not provide compensation for forfeited property .
Kyoto and Osaka have the only kabuki troupes there are .
One good thing to visit is the huge rocks near the beach , because you can go inside these amazing caverns , and play in the pools formed in the rocks .
The museum is well designed and just the right size for taking up several hours on a wet day .
Boat voyages and big game fishing .
Krugman writes a column about science each week .
It looks like the proportion of LC to AO mail is less for inbound mail than for outbound .
There is a national award given to attorneys who have been practicing for less than a decade .
After approval is granted , the FCC not will publish a notice in the Federal Register .
The credit union has one hundred percent interest so yeah .
Large resort hotel restaurants are the best you can find .
You do not know .
The pain is too much after jumping , it needs surgery .
An agency determines if an 808 -LRB- 2 -RRB- is applicable .
It 's located just outside of Macon in Georgia .
No one could think of a single idea .
It has ten grams of melatonin .
It was never within me .
Live music can be found at many restaurants and bars .
I have two favorite teams , and I always watch their games .
I do not like warm weather at all .
Shit , that is bad , that is horrible .
NBA commissioner said NBA opens more possibilities than other jobs
The analyses try to follow informational requirements for relevant small entities .
subsection a1 need also me complied with other a variety of different conditions .
the congress has no responsibility when it comes to controlling funding levels .
Although it gets crowded in summer , it is still the best time to visit .
He was trying to console the lad .
I recited to them the various exploits and triumphs of Hercule Poirot for approximately 2 hours .
Every part of a whale is compressable .
We have paid ours off all the way down to zero .
Sir James had come to Manchester with the intent of buying a new carriage .
Some people like listening to recorded messages on the telephone .
Tommy got more sure about his ascendancy .
In the cash register at the bank .
Do you have young children ?
A desperate and smart man makes a good thief .
Would you rise up and reject any rules that come up
People accused Rao officials of corruption , which led to a comeback .
They dressed it up as a modern bullet train .
The primary screen is the vital part of this process .
I can put anything in the ground , but my expertise is definitely with onions .
The team had some good results in last seasons .
The city has a lot of banks and other types of financial institutions .
A prism will be necessary to discern what the political culture that produced Nixon shares with our own .
Turkey entered the first world war fighting against Germany .
I am not new to this .
He cried like his mom hit him .
The man was standing on the ground .
Everyone thinks he used a different architect from the one who worked on the Taj Mahal .
China is better at foreign policy than the US .
There is not point in putting farming chemicals in the ground .
dislikes
The internet is so great at advertising that is saved Gross money .
Due to past experiences , I could not trust the small creatures I saw .
The chain wielder frowned at her .
Americans just throw away 12 percent of what they buy at supermarkets .
There are no testimonies .
Monsieur Poirot is someone I used to work with back in college .
Do not click here for Finkelstein 's explanation of why this logic is silly .
I thought about it long and hard .
The neighborhood that surrounds it is from the 10th-century .
You mean to say it was stupid for us to look so far and hard when it was always right beside us ?
The spear smacked the man in the face .
Would you sit back and watch the world burn ?
Zelon is the only student-run chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union in New York state .
The worst policy ever .
He had no interest in silk or trading .
The show will be set in Florida .
That 's why we saved your life .
I receive three phone calls a day asking about the report .
The increased equity of a house may not be considered as savings by NIPA .
There has to be some sort of incentive .
Nothing related to petting zoos .
It should happen soon .
I like him even more now .
The man wrapped himself in hos cloak because of the blustering winds and bitter cold outside that evening .
All grass seed needs full sun to grow .
The Cadets made that under Prince Vlad .
If the industry comes , it will foster the creation of better schools .
He made a life for himself on the island , marrying Dona Filipa Moniz and siring a son .
67 through .67 d does not provide mechanism for limiting issue on which trial-type hearing is required allowing postal service to explain unavailability of the data .
Driving is difficult because it is time consuming .
There 's a lot of money in this profit sharing plan .
His conferences are serious .
Do n't tell me about it .
Correct with the frozen water -LRB- ice -RRB- .
He 's too gung-ho and reckless .
It mixes a risk assessment methodology into the process to ensure that significant issues are included .
The Cadets made that under Prince Lvov and it was wildly successful .
Bill Archer has been serving in the House of Representatives for a very long time .
There are only 5 people who live there .
When dealing with big ticket items , prices can fluctuate .
Carmel Man is a camel representing a cigarette brand .
The market is seen to be colorful , and soft-sell .
Goodnight for now , I 'll see you tomorrow .
All of the produce comes from Mexico .
They were impressive to me .
He was no platoon leader , but a lowly pilot .
Reducing HIV is important , but there are also other worthy causes .
Nobles having disputes were not the first concern for ordinary French citizens .
Cap Berbera is the southernmost point and is very cold .
Henry R. Wray , Senior Associate General Counsel , can be contacted at -LRB-202-RRB- 512-8581 .
Groups were formed to disband training around the state .
They frowned at Susan .
Hong Kong is a great place to find commercial know-how if you are hiring someone new .
I followed him down the street .
The beach has beautiful sand .
The Ptolomies never built any temples at all .
As the Globe gets sleazier , the respectable media becomes less so .
This rule will make the sale of tobacco products to people under 18 years old legal in every state and Mexico .
Nash showed up in a suit .
The church has a Barogue style pulpit
It takes extreme focus and a strong awareness of your visual surroundings .
The evening news is the same time my favorite show comes on .
Women who are on welfare qualify for the implant procedure .
I 'm scared to use the credit card .
Blacks braid their hair because they 're forced to .
The GAO is a model of strategic human capital management .
The baker was very festive last night .
Many of the Greeks living in Asia minor had to flee .
There are 400 steps to the top of the south tower .
The woman does not know anything sacred .
The all-inclusive units are considered villas .
I got it because it was on sale .
The coalition has been distracted from its agenda .
The board had no questions about the alternatives of presenting federal costs .
Tommy did n't realize he was being indignant .
The gardens are not shaped like the Tuileries or Versailles .
Sabina was the second wife of Emperor Hadrian .
Japan 's foundation was determined by using the Chinese calendar .
I do n't own a television set .
The Republican National Committee Chairman gave the party 's standard answer on the subject of abortion when he was asked about it on CNN .
The rooms have hosted US Presidents and UK Prime Ministers .
The man glared .
There are no episodes where he is a member of anything .
Jury 's operate without the benefit of an education in law .
The riverbed was completely dry .
We make mostly bureaucratic mistakes ; other types are rare .
The simultaneous posting of the shots is being done to save time .
Cultural festivals are the best place to have performances .
We can play certain games on the Atari , which we enjoy .
The demolishing of the precipitator was permanent .
The practice of science remained exactly the same .
Clinton 's supporters were humiliated by the news about Benghazi .
The houses in this town are run down and made from mud .
The company later told us that it had enhanced the program due to high morale .
The Americans won against the British is a quick skirmish .
Securities Act , 15 U.S.C is related to Regulation M.
Agency which is responsible for the protection of the environment .
I wish I had more time to think about it .
I did not choose to become an actor , as at the time I lacked the confidence to make that first step .
Was Lewis ' death a suicide , as has been said by historians ?
Recent findings say that Base and Alternative estimates may not quite see all of the benefits of the Clear Skies Act .
Hawaii has improved so much since 1820 .
At no time ever .
You will know when the boats are ready to leave when the bells ring and the gangplank is raised .
Agencies can engage employee unions , for example :
People prefer listening to recorded messages on the telephone instead of talking to other people .
He stood in front of a backdrop .
Indian foods are kosher now too , I ate indian kosher yesterday .
The rent place was in a poor part of town .
The idea and term of intellectual property has been around for a while .
A shopping mall is a sparse network of stores , that requires a significant amount of travel to go from one store to another .
Now political debate died down in Calcutta especially , where Karl Marx was hated .
No lawyers are told to pay .
Scientists gave animals irradiated chicken and they were fine .
The metaphor was created by the manipulator .
Their spirit was never broken despite having no more food .
none of mine are mutts
He creates tracks like this all the time .
The Venus de Milo has beautiful proportions .
Marina del Rey is the areas premier dingy rental location .
Only 4 of the 330 women who were in search for shelter used Legal Services .
Daniel explained why the group was doing what they were doing .
I 've been there many times .
We had no interest in him at all .
Do n't let anyone see you working or you might get in trouble .
The system is fair and he 'll receive the sentence he deserves regardless of parole .
We never make mistakes .
The first part dealt with the use of false names .
Some people take the anti-abortion position very seriously .
Some of them you can rent by the year , others daily or weekly .
The fishermen fish crayfish , fresh fish , and eel .
Headquarters needs streamlined staff while ports do n't .
See , luck is real !
Most of France felt patriotic and supportive of WWI .
Textured paint is always better in this case .
I need to check and see what my kids need .
Greenhouse gases have increased because of the industrial revolution .
Taco salad is n't a traditional Mexican dish , but it 's becoming one because of cultural movement .
I told John it was not one of us .
The Basse is a busy , winding road that runs along the coast .
GAGAS requires strict compliance for auditors to follow .
His skin was burning .
They are way too free in what they can do , and I think they need to be strongly limited .
He felt very sick .
You know how long they 're supposed to take the medication
Even though I never had formal education in this area , I feel confident I know about it .
The court has a Baroque style pulpit .
Smaller boats that only fit two people offer gourmet cruises .
I will hang him .
It has to be made illegal .
We are in no rush to make a decision .
Mainichi Shimbun was only concerned with reviving the Japanese economy .
It is unacceptable the way these bodies are coming down .
Esna is located 54km away from Luxor .
That 's one of the most expensive options .
It might be a good idea to have hired guns around .
The Massabielle quarter is considered the most photogenic .
Sir James was present in Manchester on purpose .
There is no difference between pests and airlines .
58 % of Columbia/HCA 's beds are empty .
I should explain the battle to you .
The biggest payment bankrupted the company .
It prevents you from having to contend with more marketing calls .
That does get high because you want so many different extras .
I had thought of doing it many times , but I knew I would fail .
A federal employment training program ca n't report its number of participants .
The region near the Indonesian border is flat and has sparse vegetation .
Mr. Franklin is taking the situation very well .
Was it Jane Eyre or not ?
Bill Clinton is aware of the current divide and is developing something .
The CEO wanted to increase Pfizer 's standing in the world .
Users have since reported finding that the grant application process is much more streamlined .
Poirot disagreed with me .
The beach is the best place for walking on the beach .
The son was becoming depressed for lack of interest .
The erection process included destroying as well as building .
When I was in high school , my favorite author was Virginia Wolf .
Alexandria was founded more than 100 years after the great wars of the 5th century b.c.
She was in her mid-to late forties .
They know it all .
Alexandria , capital of Egypt during the Ptolemaic era , was founded in 322 b.c. by Alexander the Great .
Lincoln wanted to kill Natalia with his bare hands in that precise moment .
I understand that you did not do so .
Both initial and final analyses were submitted , according to agency officials .
Under many accepted options workers are left with increasing payments or receiving fewer benefits .
Dave did n't want to hear the conversation .
I think it 's one or the other kind of shirt .
It works best to find things out from my TV .
I understand it perfectly .
I do n't know how cold it got last night , but it was definitely freezing .
Eventually the temperature will reach eighty and then thirty below zero , it fluctuates .
If I was there , I would have voted for Pedro .
They had to submit a written request before being accepted .
Information technology is one business function that is commonly contracted out .
I think I will simply let it happen when the time is right .
The rewards are very fulfilling if you break stories .
They are actually twins separated from birth .
The road remains the Italy people want to see .
Princess Street is the premier shopping street in England .
Passwords are unnecessary as they waste additional time .
Permanent foreign residence is required for some types of agricultural work visas .
What about the door to Mr. Inglethorp 's room ?
Apparently it was Apartment 21B .
It is the same price for tailored clothes .
The agency is free to decide not to perform the analyses covered in section 603 .
The knowledge and skills of the nation 's work have an influence on the economic growth of the nation .
Britain could lose its place at the top of this field of endeavor .
Tokyo Joe is careful to disclose both the good and bad of his business deals .
I am surprised that a lot of them are in politics down here .
She was still alive .
Research designs may be based on statistical inference in different organizations .
Auditors may use an engagement letter to communicate with the stakeholders .
The dog told me that you escaped .
The Indigenous Project is run by the Oregon Law Center in Portland .
It is made to help the reviewers assess the quality of the case studies .
Venice had hopes of expanding its territory .
They 're close to winning the season , so they wo n't have any issues with motivation .
It depends on the condition of the person , what kind of nursing home they go to .
The devout make miniature temples on the beach at Puri .
He felt pain in his knees throughout the game .
No shares of a stock will come back because of Cook 's American Business Alliance .
The execution of nine Jews was an important turning point in modern Israel 's history .
The power of hypocrisy should n't be underestimated .
Changes to the data ca n't be detected .
Where have you been ?
Debt relief is the main motivator for people in this democracy .
She was silent .
A super-vaccine was being developed to keep people attending the world championships from falling ill with the disease .
I jog constantly
FGD systems tend to replicate SCR systems .
Affirmative action opponents say that whites would move down the list .
Regulatory actions can take place within any of the next 12 months .
The Republican politicians and spokespeople rely on the party-line when it comes to abortion because their constituents insist on it .
Web companies use targeted demographics to inform politicians campaigns .
The Sikhs submitted to the persecution .
His life had been slow and boring as of late .
You hate foreign films , right ?
Puri is landlocked , so you 'll have to travel fifty miles away to get to a beach .
Baron Haussmann 's home was located within the 900 hectares of parkland on the western edge of the city .
It 's anti-democratic and gives the decision-making to the executive branch .
data collection is not planned for .
The entrance is the sole home of a painting by Van Gough .
The documentation for Ensuring Top Leadership Skills is GAO-01-127 , Oct. 20 , 2000 .
She never brought anything to anyone 's attention .
He gave in .
I had no trouble putting all my faith into these little buggers .
She is full of energy .
You can easily find gourmet cruises .
He wondered if he read Tom Clancy .
She really needs to mention it
Bruce Barton 's The Man Nobody Knows portrays Jesus as the ultimate businessman .
The final rule is meant to have a retroactive effect .
Germany has large combustion plants .
They are not going to work on anything , because McDonald 's is perfect .
There is no trendy resort clothing available here , so you would have to go elsewhere to find it .
The speculation was proven false .
Maintaining ties with Britain was one of the goals of the party .
In this chapter of the novel , Lloyd dreams that he 's the Messiah .
Trial of Galileo was open to the public .
Look here , you have been posing a lot of questions at me .
He is showing that they were correct .
Producing dirty energy is the main source of US greenhouse gas emissions .
The green glow painted everything around them after the heavy rain had stopped .
`` You will not take him as your husband . ''
Once you start distributing the money , some of it vanishes along the way .
The final rule was declared an economically significant regulator action .
She had a very serious stroke .
The factory showrooms have twenty kinds of yarn and pearls of all size .
Annette told me you escaped through the window .
Cheapo car care is a complaint angry consumers have .
Tommy did n't know , who .
The day care is perfect for the children .
Far from the kids
You can get an all-inclusive package .
Erm , we have acquired a small Atari computer .
Red Sea Sports making booking your activities easy .
Seated , he let silence surround him .
There are a full slate of events , including seminars .
Osmin was always calm and collected .
Esther Dyson is the Author of Release 2 . o : A Design for Living in the Digital Age .
The pieces paying every 3 hours .
But , it was Gates ' byline that was on the cover , Slate protests .
That was horrible
Only players with a lot of money to spend play baccarat .
Most corporations use atechnical facilitators .
Many of the laws and regulations are obsolete by now .
Yes North Carolina is the state next to Virginia
It was all or nothing .
Bork shivered .
In the Museum you will find objects from allover from the local areas .
Poirot had trouble remaining focused .
Savonarola was branded a heretic and burned at the stake .
Proposals are available to the public and allow for citizen input .
The liberation of these old European colonies were n't solely responsible for postwar independence movements .
The children should not go to day car .
The ways in which distance affects nontransportation costs is a subject we do n't have enough information on .
The second argument is that growth rates can not increase without new curtains in the office lobby .
The EPA joined the ACLU in requesting the information .
I suppose he is more of a football powerhouse there .
Si pays for all treats .
The dome has a big marble sculpture of a dragon .
Smoking a cigarette is a lot like injecting pure nicotine .
Every time I try to go bowling there are leagues only and I ca n't bowl .
The whole temple complex is rendered in miniature .
Many are said to be based on models such as the Constructive Cost Model .
Petting zoos and things related .
Educating the kids and making them practice with street signs and cars will not make it happen .
A 1984 Poll concluded NewsHour is seen as the most credible newscast by the public .
My parents have never gone sailing or white water rafting .
Moses is considered a prophet to the Muslims .
The rulemaking process requires that the public be made aware of the opportunity to take part .
The home agency will take care of the financial aspects .
George Clooney will not be getting fired from his TV show .
Smoking marijuana gets people higher than injected them with cannabinoids .
I did n't know what any of the food is .
Harrer does n't claim he knows she was .
Agency rulemakings have better judgement than congress .
HCFA decided to keep it a secret when they proposed rules .
Barney Frank is well-known for representing his constituents .
Professor Rogers started her career as a clerk .
It is best to be loud and make sudden movements to scare the tiger into the open .
There are evaluation questions on the topic .
The Committee discourages LSC to consult with any stakeholders .
We reviewed how teams were used in the initiatives .
Dinosaurs fought over the scraps .
Every day .
The country 's history has been largely peaceful .
The roller coaster ride was a traumatic experience for me .
`` Crime is escalating now in every major city , however there are plans in place now . ''
The railway between the two cities was completed 2 years later .
Persecution against the Sikhs was met with violent reactions .
It could never look like Dungeons and
I regret taking out loans .
Practice 16 is to require secure passwords .
A CIO must be an operations specialist .
Egypt could thrive without the nile river .
Some judgments are made very quickly .
Farmers and ranchers must have all of their licenses and permits to qualify .
They were better before .
Legal Aid never commits to justice .
Changes negotiated by the Postal Service and a mail user for their mutual benefit wo n't merit recommendation under the applicable statutory standards .
We 've gotten ourselves into something bigger than we can handle .
The person was invited for August 12 .
A guy told me to get out because the tents were being flattened .
so it 's related to people
Nothing could make up for what was done to the Voth .
The third try worked better because we had proper tools .
Mr. Clinton hated Mr. Knight for his fund raising .
In the South at Las Salinas , salt is dried in pans for future use .
Donkeys are the main method of transport in Fira .
Saint-Paul-de-Vence
I 'm looking at IBM right now but I 've looked at tons of other things .
I think that is horrible .
Saladin was a ferocious leader .
He thought that they could not keep shooting because they were very tired .
She was a bad mistress .
Bill got two letters last year that tore at his heartstrings .
Papyrus can be bought in many shops in Egypt .
Gore has been with Clinton for six years .
Poor and rich .
All of the nation 's income should be spent on construction .
But how do you separate good from bad ?
Was mentioning the Ritz accidental ?
Edinburgh city art gallery is on market street .
Erving became responsible for Bradley 's defense .
Markets , hot springs , and ski slopes make up some of the other attractions here .
Tuppence 's answer made Whittington grow even more uneasy .
There are no gas stations open 24 hours a day .
air transportation is not a feasible option for the rapid production option .
I know just having to put up with the customer is the only reason .
The Alps are covered in snow .
Magic had little power .
Changes negotiated by the Postal Service are too regular and prohibit my postal services .
A poll of Hong Kong residents finds them more sanguine about the city 's future than before .
The mailer has the ability to hire a trucking firm .
Discounted flight deals offered by some travel agents come with an element of risk .
French citizens were not supportive of their participation in WWI .
My phone number is -LRB-202-RRB- 412-4841 .
Depending on the rule , hud may or may not be able to accept . They have to check first .
There was n't much that could withstand against magic .
Something snapped inside her head
Part III will further raise concerns about the assumption .
It started the rise of the British Empire in India in 1910 .
I hate to .
They were not allowed to deforest for agricultural purposes .
I do n't want to get in a fight .
Mother , trying to be humble , asked if the trunk was small .
They do n't sell any souveineers .
I am aware of the motor oil .
I could not stand watching him build a card house , so I left .
Neither football nor baseball .
It is very easy for the mailer to hire a trucking firm .
They would not burn to the ground by morning .
Severn only cared about being a millionaire .
There are a number of testimonials .
Ca ` daan had never seen someone hold a sword like Thorn held it .
I 'm glad it did n't go as planned .
They play softball alongside rounders usually
Housed were haphazardly built to accommodate people .
I do n't think you can get it anywhere .
Ca ` daan was freezing !
Abandoned aircraft have never been found in this area .
The mosquitoes are rough at night .
Shall I tell you how your soul could live in a mandrake root ?
Instead , take a look at the entertainment industry and its self image .
Most of the workplace is based indoors .
We are going to Aunt Basia 's birthday party at the restaurant today , remember ?
He cringed when he imagined Susan 's voice .
The horsemen firstly brought out the horse meant for the main event .
Jon addressed the man .
I 'm happy that I do n't work in a store .
No one saw it .
The girl turned away from him and kept her hands still .
The Shore Temple is made up of two shrines .
The volumes were destroyed by the dampness .
The rate of unemployment is insignificant .
the congress is generally responsible for controlling funding levels .
Increased federal enforcement is essential to curbing organized crime .
Funds should never be transferred between program accounts and financing accounts .
Pro-Microsoft analysts say that was a sacrifice for the company , risking their future .
I think it just depends on education .
Apartment 21B was very sought after .
Change in personal savings is dependent on how much the IRA contributes to the new saving
The nation 's aerospace industry is headquartered in this city .
The Learning Channel has more shows for women than any other network .
Producing fairly stated external financial reports is not necessary when it comes to building a more effective government in Texas .
It is ironic that you stand a better chance of seeing the work of Mrinal Sen or Satyajit Ray in North America or Europe than you do of seeing it in India .
The beer brewed there is made by them .
The disappearance of saving could n't possible explain the recent uptick in household wealth in recent years .
You can stop .
You have to pay for that .
The Mauryas had a large army capable of conquering Kalinga .
The old city contains the Mosque of El-Jezzar , which was built over 200 years ago .
He had forgotten that Adrin was going to join them .
The man will remember that period and will take up life where he left it off .
You can snorkel here or take glass-bottomed boat tours .
Belly-dancers have been banned from the floor shows .
I was totally paralyzed and unable to move .
Social media is the final reason behind the current teen renaissance .
The gruesome sight that her mother would have encountered was spared when she buried his remains .
Someone else paid attention to it and it was really funny .
Do n't speak until they all leave .
Star Pitiful Helpless Giant is a show on UPN about politics .
He could n't remember what Susan 's voice sounded like .
They had just undergone oral surgery .
A modem download of this program should take no time at all .
Mr. Erlenborn attended classes in at least four different universities .
Roy was given thousands of dollars .
New England Republicans had all the power four years ago .
Missouri had made planning efforts prior to being asked .
Physicians were never consulted about substance abuse interventions in the ER .
Every once in awhile some news comes in about the program .
Despite all his experiences he still flinched at the prospect of chance .
Are you certain ?
Microsoft is no longer the tour de force it once was .
The French and Dutch settlers did not want taxes on imported goods .
The broadway production of The Lion King is no longer enthusiastically attended .
The city of Ankara has always been the capital of the nation .
The auburn of her hair became golden then the sunlight hit it .
Poirot was disappointed with me .
It 's always easy for major organizations to complete cultural transitions .
We have to get up early to prepare the daytime feedings .
We still wo n't be able to mow for a couple of weeks .
the right agency workers , help fix my security system
The people 's lack of sleep due to the fast way of living have great health impacts .
The us has advantages over China in foreign policy .
DSM-III-R is a book of personality disorders .
Carrey 's Kaufman is only diagnosed with cancer after doing a show at Carnegie Hall .
Anyone can attend these discussions and publish details of them .
They were seated at a table that they could eat at .
I watched Thirty Something a few times because some of the episodes were good , and then after that I lost interest in it .
Fresh-cut flowers available at the market range from cheap to expensive .
There would be a great benefit to national saving
The scratch haunted him for two weeks .
Cave 31 ran into problems because it was made of harder rock and everyone was disappointed .
Wachter works for University of Chicago .
I felt nervous that they were going to poison me .
He saw Jon was pacing around .
After CODA and credit union , nothing is left of my salary .
The warriors recuperated , after their savage battles , at a Zen monastery rock garden .
We wanted to see if we could rent any of their campers .
Participants wanted a new auditing model and a focus on quality .
There is no corruption in government .
The new computer wont last for seven years .
The us does not have a civil delivery system
Because we 're Argentinean we like to eat pasta .
Any point you did n't get by fixing the questions can be added to the executive summary .
What we expect of our local economy is
No , that stays pretty low overall .
The LSC has over 260 years of experience with their staff .
The judge threw the book at him .
There is a chance the girl will remember that period .
Tuppence stood up .
Human capital includes the workforce .
After not having talked to San Barenakedino for awhile , Clarisse and Onardo wondered how he was doing .
Traditional herbalists are available for you to consult with .
I could n't think of any other explanation , however .
They wished it applied to all the services .
Several discoveries have taught us about archaebacteria , a very ancient and primitive single-cell organism that lives in unexpected places .
Government surplus contributed to net national saving .
Time 's cover package is about how most college students have to deal with insane student loans .
A friend knows the lift boy here .
Coupon collecting is no longer allowed in most US stores .
Go to the tourist office to get a map and inquire about walking tours .
Because they would survive easily .
The page-boy was small , and had good intentions .
The new addition of NPD in DSM came with a lot of arguments .
Blair recently published an assortment of speeches .
You should start them during Spring if you want them to be cool during the summer .
I am not busy right now .
I saw it .
De Wit worked from likenesses of monarchs to produce both his portraits and battle scenes .
Blacks proudly braid their hair , sad the black woman .
Jane Langmuir says that water and heat combine into a new mechanism .
The experts give opinions from current administrations .
Rue de la Republique is itself older than the Eglise Saint-Michel .
The initial failings that Siegel experienced survived him .
The average cost of the tickets was about the same between the MLS , NHL , and NBA .
Tuppence was able to polish her silver without any disruptions .
The nature reserves offer tours to see the wildlife .
The gendarmes pay no attention to the flow of traffic .
The regulations will be revised as necessary after the SSA considers the comments received before April 14 , 1997 .
Most of France supported WWI .
Scottish weavers are the best in the world .
The population was fractured during the rule of Sultan Adbul Hamid II , and many people were hostile to his rule .
Employers have refused to continue driving .
Charles II was the reigninh monarch when the Throne Room was built .
Upon receiving the message he did n't like , he deleted it .
Jerusalem 's glory under Herod is best exemplified by the Western Wall .
He was n't waiting for anything .
Macau houses some of the most intense casinos outside of Las Vegas .
Tests are only acceptable when survival during controls is at least 80 percent .
More spending on goods will not cause higher interest rates .
If it is n't the most beautiful chateau you have seen , it is certainly the most formidable .
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 revolutionized the way internal control reporting must be handled , and getting to that point was a very contentious fight in Congress .
Output information is way too much generalized .
The Trump Tower is a terrible place to visit for ornate decor .
The spot resolves the storyline neatly for viewers , especially regarding the condom .
The person accepted defeat after seven days , as it was too difficult .
Expeditions left the Algarve in southern Portugal in order to discover new countries and create fortunes .
The indoor swimming pool is 25 meters long .
The cost to Disney would be $ 150 million
I might be sent to Paris or London
She had remained in control despite her anger .
The reason for the growth of aggregate wealth in households is the appreciating market value of existing assets following the mid 90s .
There 's no one to talk to round here because they 're utterly boring .
People take longer to find a lawyer than to prepare for court .
Nasser did step down , but it was not for the man named Anwar .
All the money always gets into the hands of those who need it .
In Lewisville it is up around ten or so .
Dorcas is a coward and has no hair .
I am unemployed .
Anse Labord is located to the North of Anse-Bertrand .
Edinburgh lost political and intellectual relevance in the early 1700s .
George meikle Kemp was inspired by Melrose abbey .
As we approached I uttered a question .
I am happy with the bowling season schedule as is .
The street is in the heart of Istanbul .
The newer part of town has a wider selection .
The numbers were coming around .
Thr arches that flank the nave are in the best condition of all the arches .
Salads and dishes with aubergine in them are both available .
The sculpture reliefs in the temple depict only mythological characters .
Winning the war made the man more confident .
The interim rules failed to take the comments into consideration .
The wares are leather belts .
Constantly
You would n't joke about poisoning someone if you knew how easy it was to do by mistake .
Watching the impressive production of entertainment skills is something worth seeing many times .
Tell me what it is .
What is the place of art ? Asked the teacher .
Remove the outer layer first .
The man woke up to sheer silence .
Having been in complete darkness for hours , it took him a while to get adjusted to the sunlight .
Several tourists decide to plan for traveling to Molokai and Lanai .
The money was spent .
Inside every square .
Slate depicts Bush flaunting the courage of his cliches .
The sales tax would really drive the price of the car up .
Text about GDP and GNP .
Emeralds ?
They work well together .
I always considered him to be a terrible player .
I believe that is potentially a great idea .
Reich refers to a chart that he misunderstood and said it said something different .
A book was not written about Tommy O'Connor .
We do n't have to look at the base again .
You need to see a therapist , Beresford .
My Trans Am is n't popular at all .
Congress received no letter from the Vice President on the topic of GAO 's study .
Those left behind will need a program for stabilizing conditions if they can not evacuate .
I would guess that the judge would be able to toss that out .
It is a short and easy trip to get to the summit .
America has spent nothing on foreign aid so how would they be able to train and pay their own people .
Limited innovation is not going to be an advantage .
The Abbey of Holyrood is located outside among lovely gardens .
A group on Northeastern weather recently discussed the great blizzard of 1978 .
Prices on the menu include taxes , but customers decide whether or not to tip .
The grounds were trashy and ugly .
I then realized that criminals have small ideals .
The restorations done to the structure is very promising .
Looking at Jon , he sat a short distance from them .
The indigenous populations were growing at an alarming rate over the years .
Nobody knows about them , because they did n't exist for a long time .
She offered up her notes .
The World League is that .
Physicians have different attitudes concerning substance abuse in the ER .
There were only a few villas the whole way along , until we reached a small village that seemed to be the end .
There 's a pool and a garden on the premises .
That will be a musician but before it was an orange .
Louis XIV was married to Madame de Maintenon on the chateau .
Offering a draft of the product for comment is consistent with GAO 's Congressional Protocols .
TIG funds are used to support the Technology Evolution project , a legal aid society in Cincinnati .
The first historical mention of Agra is in 1911 .
Postal Service delivery data is used to define the relationship between cost and drivers .
Marriage is important to society .
I hate the hundred degree days but we get them .
Queensferry is where the Queen was born .
The dances have an equal number of male and female dancers .
Poirot sped right past the Analytical Chemist .
The fire was out and it was totally dark .
No , not possible .
William Randolph Hearst 's castle housed a collection of sculptures and other fine arts .
Steve Jobs came back to Apple .
British magazines interviewed Kate Winslet a lot .
It was utterly mad for him to suggest that .
I was a fan of Virginia Woolf when I was a student .
Exhibit 17 has many rows .
I only have to water about two hours a week , except on rainy weeks .
A grant is a sum of money .
i could lose ten or fifteen pounds , like most other people
It has been reported by The Star that actress Jodie Foster is pregnant through artificial insemination .
`` What 's wrong with a worship ceremony if it involves you doing so for your eggshell ? '' asked Dave .
There are no UNESCO-honored cities within a hour 's drive of Madrid .
Several other techniques are use to overcome limited funds .
It was worth the money for the time .
There is no bookshop in the area .
Nothing was ever approved by OMB .
Communal violence resulted from the Hindu rampage through Sikh communities .
The backwater has been forgotten because it is surrounded by debris .
Tommy cried out .
He changed his name to Brodkey when he was adopted .
The Ile Saint-Louis is disliked by some citizens of Paris .
You know .
Advances in electronics come in waves .
White is standing right next to them .
She was looking intently at the one window in front of her .
Critics believe the miniseries about the Alabama governor was an accurate depiction .
Julius already knew the answer .
Imported goods have duties
There is no preamble to the end rules .
Around 72,000 residents were evacuated from the volcano-zone .
I told you from the start that I had no evidence .
Oh no way , I do not believe that and you can be sure mine would say the opposite .
Building strategic management systems requires specialist training and years of experience .
CBS , ABC and NBC are the leaders in news .
Their grandson was born in Barcelona , and Charles I spoke beautiful Spanish .
You should try to fix this .
Barney Frank wo n't have any good quotes .
No one wanted Singapore .
the floor was perfectly smooth and flat
Beijing sought to create a good distance .
All of the original design has been destroyed by Emperor Aurangzeb .
Slate was one hundred percent positive it was Gates ' byline on the cover .
I 'm glad that I did n't move to Massachusetts .
I was also there , although I was n't very noticeable , as usual .
INS and EOIR found some errors in the rule .
Puglia has beautiful landscapes .
Each working met more than once to discuss changes to the legal services delivery system .
Lalley is enthusiastic about the bar 's initiative to help the poor .
He said she had a business that she started 10 years ago .
Irresponsible spending led the government deeper into debt by the late 1990s .
Boy scouts always know the best place to camp and hike .
They were frightened last year .
NHTSA concluded that section 330 did not supersede the section 32902 mandate that there be CAFE standards for model year 1998 .
I guess I 'm going since my sister is .
There is not much need for attorney 's to practice law .
Similar conclusions have been reached by state legal needs ' studies
The Pantheon is from the Classical era .
From your tone of voice , I could only assume that you want to go through with this , right ?
They Israelis did n't do it because they knew they could save money getting the States to do it .
There were 12 steps in the data reduction .
The public need not be made aware of any opportunities for rulemaking processes .
He might be afraid he 'll lose his No .
It took Blair two years to conduct the research for these speeches .
While staying in Eliat , one can explore the red sea , or journey into the Negev Desert .
Blair has never published anything before .
they are shown at the dollar movie theater immediately after they 're released
China will likely never shoot a warhead at the United States because they do n't have as many .
San ` doro did n't sound like he was still thinking about that , thought Jon .
Tuppence beamed with delight .
the actors exploded
San ` doro had not impacted him at all .
All I do is watch the weather channel and I 'm totally up to date on it .
The property suffered from a leaking roof and substandard plumbing .
You wo n't be convinced even if you look at this , if you do n't believe me .
She found it impossible to share her notes with anyone .
After approval is granted , the FCC will publish a notice in the Federal Register .
The RSA proposes employer-sponsored savings plans .
The fact that the devil would work in law is extremely cliche .
Hong Kong does n't have capable people .
He is capable to market his virtue , exploiting his legend , but fans are starting to get tired of it .
Everyone would expect sentiment when connecting with you .
Kal and Thorn were very relaxed .
shareholders ca n't pay twice for the sins of others .
Madam Regent had attended mission schools in Hawaii .
The town is known for being quiet and peaceful , free of hustle and bustle .
This is the ending !
Rochester is right on the shores of the great lakes .
God , I 'm glad I do n't have that .
I have not viewed the weather lately on the evening news .
We are like dogs in many ways .
The Administrator believes a environmental impact statement should not be prepared .
Unless you live in a house .
Just like you , I 'm invested in what goes into them even if you are not there for the next week or even the next year .
The tourism season is so long that he will be successful eventually .
On sSaturday night , I met a guy at the club at San Barenakedino 's .
The festival showcases exhibitions from all seven continents .
Christianity and Islam are the two religions who revere the Temple the most .
He does n't collect a big check in exchange for working himself into a fake froth .
I was dragged through the door of the pub .
I am envious of all my debt-free churchgoing friends .
The living can not be compared to the Ritz , he noted sadly .
They play softball a couple of times per year
He did not write Jane Eyre or any other book .
You might be above the cloud line here , the atmosphere is eerie and you can see the mountains .
Memorandum M0010 details fiscal checks .
Anthem inc has crazy fees on their checks
`` I think that it 's not something we should be bothered with . ''
There are rules that would apply if a state does not enforce the statutory requirements .
They are on the waterside are n't they .
An annual net savings of $ 900 million has been estimated by the Department .
We bought items in Memphis using cash .
In order to save on expenses these two entities will share the space .
Thorn was seen coming by two of them .
There is no method for measuring the height of the river .
They had trouble believing the setting was based on a real place .
There is a lifetime extension of SCR De-NOx catalysts .
I 'm not sure about anything .
Women do not light joss sticks nor do the climb the rock to pray .
There was n't much of an alternative despite the cries of the preservationalists .
The man did not try hard enough .
Sugar beets became the prime plant and cane began to decline in 1799 .
Our van was obtained through an estate trade after its owner had died .
They smiled at Susan to warn her of the incoming attackers .
The open-air market near the wharves ca n't be missed .
HIV researches do n't think there 's any hope for curing the disease .
Kentucky has the highest rate of domestic abuse .
the Wall Street Journal has also drubbed others
30 cents are used to invest domestically .
Someone is looking for ideas to bring back apartheid .
Small business are expecting to benefit tremendously from this service .
After the Vatican II , Catholicism became less insular in its focus .
air transportation is cited as a viable option for the rapid product option .
The museum is not open on Sunday , either in the morning or the afternoon .
Once the hire has already been done , there 's no need to do anything different to retain employees .
The houses in the 16th century were quite colorful .
This website looks to remove an obstacle that poor people face regarding the internet .
Observers thing lowering efficiencies and highering costs is great
There is no other way to do it .
The insurance companies want to reduce medical payments by following-up to ensure patient was sober at the time of incident and intoxication may lead to a claim denial on reimbursement for medical expenses .
It is not going to be able to last seven years .
I often find myself catching only the last five minutes of that program .
The famous old pontoon bridge was erected in 1920 .
The Nabatean trading town is off route between Gaza and Petra .
I think it 's an escape that can be enjoyed .
An 808 -LRB- 2 -RRB- is always applicable to public procedure .
The Moors were African tradesmen , sailors and educators .
There 's no market on Wall and 8th streets .
She has chose to live a heightened life .
She wanted to make up for my disappointment at the turn of events .
He was staying at the inn .
Select this option for Finkelstein 's understanding of why this logic is expedient .
The risks in the situation outweigh the rewards in my opinion .
The information collection was approved by the OMB .
I met a guy at a party that I went to .
There are several figurative representations of Buddha located there .
Azure is the name of a coffee .
Gladstone 's rock is easy to see from the Mad Torrent .
Personal savings are increasing .
No other choices made me disagree with what you said .
Lakshmi is Vishnu 's wife , and the goddess of good fortune .
what kind of music do you like ?
Locals are n't the primary target of the many magic shops , toy stores , and sports shops .
Are you from Canada ?
I am fortunate to have had the opportunity to make a difference to my people .
LSC could lose 80 % of their funding .
The people did not worry about the amount of harm it could do .
If you live in apartment , defiantly , right ?
The rate of unemployment is about six percent
There are many times when the agencies have gotten in trouble .
The knife was poking into his back .
The rain was a novelty to the men .
Pacino is great in the movie .
We do not have to worry about who should make the decision .
There was nothing that could be done to make her beautiful , not even darker eyes .
He felt guilty for the rest of his life for the last words he spoke to her before her death .
Marilyn Manson and Alice Cooper are some of the nicest people around .
Local services programs only turn a few dozen people away as a result of lacking resources .
I have never been able to trade my car off every couple of years .
The chain wielder was smiling .
Heathers was a wonderful dark comedy
Bradley do n't have spiritual beliefs .
You have n't remarked on the situation at all .
He had sobered up .
In reality , he did not use the Taj Mahal 's architect .
I was an outsider looking in , a foreigner peering through a window .
The site will be used to build a football stadium and a gas station .
All that remains of Leal Senado is old ruins .
No one cared or remembered .
There is no evidence that anyone except Ickes solicited donations from the federal building .
In March , Trump decided that he was not suited to run for President .
Working for a cigarette manufacturer is different from criminal appeals .
It has never been suggested that the Holy Family ever spent any time here .
Base year data will give important economic information .
The men had lived in the desert .
Michael Huffington has gone to great lengths in order to conceal his sexuality .
Then , I thought if I should accepted to go with him .
It was one of the most important cities due to its natural resources .
Maybe three months .
The conversation was one Dave had heard hundreds of times .
The Catholic Cathedral was looted and then later burned ; it now lies empty and ruined .
I always itemize .
Some people are annoyed by the singer from Pearl Jam .
There were ten times as many of the Sultan 's armies than Byzantines .
He lightly pressed blood from a pain onto the carcass .
Dinosaurs had survived and were trying to eat .
Deficiencies and recommendations reported by auditors are examples of other reviews .
The ferries to Discovery Bay are expensive .
Pro-choices say the close-up images are unfair .
The book was first drafted in early 1915 .
Both people are dedicated to keeping the secret .
Over time agencies faced rigid environments where nothing changed .
Screening needs to make sure all alcoholics get into treatment .
We hoped .
The critics either like or really dislike that one but I liked it
He lost all of his hair in a fire .
There is likely going to be another recession soon .
There are three outlet centers in Troyes , all of which sell only French fashions .
Communists messed with American democracy during the Cold War .
Stark did not cup a hand to catch San ` doro 's blood .
Acute bronchitis can lead to loss of work days .
Dan Burton was the 500th guest on Good Morning , America .
Will enjoys discussing the rules and regulations of basketball .
Gore has been away from Clinton for six years .
When tea was done , he took his hands off me .
Supplemental data is less accurate than primary data .
The man knew something .
In usual circumstances , what is said is not to be shared . .
This is one of the highest returns on investment out of all the government agencies .
There was no deferred maintenance .
Everyone thinks she 's sentimental .
He thought to himself that they can continue shooting .
The proposal had drawings of the parachute helmet .
We spent a lot of time in Douglas , Arizona during our trip .
An audit after the award has been presented .
It has been reported by The Star that Jodie Foster is not pregnant
The NIT semifinals take place tonight .
Neither arsenic nor strychnine would be effective on Emily .
I 've never done it and do n't think I would like it .
The amount of mail lost is too smal to leave an impact on volume
Or Watson ?
He had already lost most of his life savings at the roulette wheel , so what did one more spin count for .
A possible selection would be Meg Ryan or Jon Doe .
There are six principles and they can actually be naturally separated into more than two distinct sets .
Mr. Inglethorp , we are sorry we could n't repeat your wife 's dying words .
This report is most likely restricted by law or regulation and should not be ensured .
I may be having suicidal thoughts and be wishing for death .
There is only one natural rock formation in the area .
The critics either like or really dislike that one .
I was sorry for my friend 's predicament .
The cops set off in pursuit until a traffic accident happened .
This is a service that can help farmers and ranchers who face threats to their resources .
The last Moorish enclave was defeated in 1492 .
The Pope is making a suggestion .
Gen is being suggested by the Pope .
Professor Rogers has always been a clerk to him .
Israel was the Jewish populace 's only option to escape from the Holocaust .
Thorn said she should show her new sword .
the Wall Street Journal has never drubbed anybody .
He is very sure because someone told him .
There are barely any lawyers in this country .
Certainly .
Angry consumers would complain about a really bad car wash .
Americans have increased their savings rate each year .
He was trying to impersonate Mr. Inglethorp and forging his signature .
Just 10 pieces paying .
Slate 60 ranks American educational charity contributions .
it 's possible to have no new taxes with the way the economy is right now .
This was done by them .
They were unable to disclose when the dates would be set .
Tips are not accepted at most restaurants , as there is already a sales tax .
I had to pick at least one number .
Violence was sexualized by The Wild Bunch , becoming a thing of beauty .
He was not the only person that has made us curious .
Although they lived far away from the city , the pilgrimages were always a happy time .
No tapes were recorded in the white house
The best example would be Castlerigg , which is near Keswick .
The tomb guardian has the ability to unlock the gate .
A Zen temple rock garden is a zen place .
There are rotting things .
The chauffeur will not help him to do anything .
The first figure illustrates delivery points in part
Inflation is meant to be something that harms , not something that heals .
She 's going to step down from the court in the winter of 2020 .
Anyone could do what they did , I was bored .
Princes Street is the premier shopping street in Scotland .
Wordsmithing and mathematics go together nicely .
Jesus ' birth occurred at roughly 4 B.C.
I was immediately repulsed by him , and still feel the same way about him .
I listened to rap one time about 15 years ago .
Reporters often confront people with difficult questions about events .
Surowiecki 's research and theories are sometimes unpopular with his peers .
Nothing productive is needed for a successful year
They are a vegetarian meal that was cooked in a microwave .
The philosophy was to seize opportunities when the economy adding lots of jobs .
De Wit used fictional monarchs to produce his portraits .
mine are most often in the windows
The three winding roads leaving Nice closely follow the terrain of the country through which they pass .
He breathed .
The stream is always burbling .
Boston solo Eleanor Newhoff won .
Nobody saw Thorn coming .
When in Paris one should try to avoid driving .
She was looking at her reflection in the rearview mirror of her car .
I did it because I wanted to and I could .
Julius nodded solemnly after hearing sad news .
The Legacy Golf Club is outside the city limits so it can serve alcohol year round .
Do you think it is a problem ?
Baccarat is completely different from blackjack , and it is not played with cards .
It 's never nice for kids to have animals to play with .
The roommate was hoping to receive a certification in voice overs .
It depends on the condition of the person .
If they did n't care , neither did we .
A good number of nation officials in Chicago are Jewish .
Poirot did not bother to answer them at all .
The museum has a comprehensive collection for you to view and admission is cheap .
The door was unlocked .
It is quicker to cross the island by bike than by car .
The article was based on lies and was not funny .
Royko was over their crap .
The typing is the easy part .
The world is getting better .
A and M 's computer department is n't very well regarded .
I will make no assumptions about the costs to the postal service .
I followed him as he walked .
Merrion Square East , Dublin 2 .
In addition to looking pale , she also look very weak .
We painted the house over the duration of one day .
We are not advocating enhanced reporting in connection with key federal performance .
Human capital management is extremely important
The bronze age started over 5000 years ago .
We only have to get up for the daytime feedings .
The nine hundred acres of garden are set on the lands above the Nile River .
It does not matter whether or not a state enforces the statutory requirements .
Mr. Brown will be following us as we make our way there .
Act accounting great management reform act
The mystery of saving .
The local town 's radio station relied on CNN for news .
Prior to the principles and practices being published in 1996 , there were many lawsuits .
Everyone receives the legal help they need regardless of their income .
Horwitz says that they are as unhappy as their ancestors .
`` Sure . '' The man yells `` youre in a hot air balloon about 30 feet high above the field
In 2001 , LSC continued to play an inactive role in not supporting states ' technology plans .
The only way to get to Esna is by car .
Do n't replace your clothing and towel .
Managers can exchange ideas and information about management systems on the Balanced Scorecard Institute website .
It was so violent I worried about the kids imitating that .
Reason for a lesser pecentage of possible deliveries on rural routes might become more clear in the future .
The third try worked better than the other two .
The Temple of Athena can no longer be seen , but the remains of the Pergamene library still exist nearby .
Importer pays taxed that law requires
There were many homes the whole way , but as we traveled along they were further and further apart until it seemed like we reached the last one .
Not all of it is very clear to me .
The Black River is said to be the shortest in Jamaica .
White should be afraid to come back to Little .
The strike price could be $ 98 .
This model is not useful for seeing how certain budget policies affect national saving , as the model does not record that .
Managed care had nothing to do with the Republican voting .
I hope that all key parties will take the necessary steps to address any real and perceived problems that serve to undercut public trust and confidence .
He does not know what it is .
The Kingdom of Hawaii has remained exactly the same since the 18th Century .
Students received housing with sofas and beds to rest in .
There is no way it could be on ninety two .
William Randolph Hearst did n't love chandeliers , but kept them to make his lady happy .
The judge does not care about the facts , everything he des is based on feeling .
The Shore Temple has stood for 12 centuries .
A $ 200,000 federal grant will be received by Ohio Legal Services , said Deborah Pryce .
My daughter does sometimes have reason to be upset .
Golfing costs a lot of money .
I have n't gone to see a movie in over a year .
The basics are actually difficult to understand for most
The man was angry .
The field observations may have been faulty .
Achieving organizational goals reflects a change in core processes .
The Venus de Milo has ugly proportions .
The organizations usually got angry at people for leaving .
The maps show all the popular trails for walking and biking .
I have been taking lessons for about fifteen years .
The campaign drew in a new crowd of funders
The caravanserai was built in the 16th century .
I will enjoy telling that story .
Wachter teaches economics at the University of Pennsylvania .
I am such a fool !
There are marketers who have argued that there needs to be more effort to broaden appeal .
The only thing they had that was plentiful was people .
Saint-Paul-de-Vence is a commune in the Provence-Alpes-Côte-d'Azur region in the department of Alpes-Maritimes in the district of Grasse and canton of Cagnes-sur-Mer-Ouest .
I wish it was as nice in America as it was in Iraq .
It was a short distance from the person to the weapon .
The Postal Service has immunity to parking tickets .
Clinton told Blumenthal that he was the one harassing Lewinsky .
There are vineyards all along the slopes between the Vosges and Rhine Valley .
It takes less than a half an hour to hike to the summit of Petit-Bourg .
We concluded that moves of the government are harmful .
She has cancer and needs the benefits to take care of her children .
Lincoln/Natalia told Benjamin that it was impossible to find him .
My husband is originally from Texas , and is used to not having a wide variety of seasonal clothes .
If the situation is that , you should kill them because it will be necessary .
He had aged due to stress .
The strychnine that was in the drawer was powdered .
When your kids grow up you have have them do the yardwork .
I never bring it to a boil when I make cocoa .
Now political debate flourished in Calcutta especially , where Karl Marx was appreciated for his great sense of humor .
Football is important to them .
Excuse me .
The ladies have worked here cutting fish all their lives .
Is Robin Williams in the movie ?
They play softball all times of the year
You need to wear something else .
Nah , everyone reporter I 've known has always treated victims with respect .
Dublin 's pubs are beautiful and evocative , worth a trip even if you do n't drink
When his colleagues are n't sadistic , they are mostly defeated .
Commission will use the extra 8.6 percent to build more roads .
Do you think she left ?
I hope someone took charge of it .
well , at least you do n't have any insects there
Drug treatments combined with strategies that boost the immune system could be the solution to HIV .
The movie is riddled with cliches and male buddy humor that make the film boring .
He never wanted any attention and kept to himself all the time .
She was perfect at her job .
Back when I was in college I had that as well .
Something strange will happen on Wednesday .
I only had to paint the house once , so the siding has held up well .
There is a huge amount of poor students and very few wealthy .
She discussed the convenience of holistic lawyering .
Audits and evaluations are harder because it is more difficult for GAO to get the records .
Reggae is one of the Jamaican music style .
A number of Mary 's personal effects can be found on display .
I do n't receive payment because it 's the same way here .
Contraceptives are becoming more popular because the prices are falling .
I 'm glad I told my mother-in-law how terrible she is .
There are a couple places in Houston where it 's being tried .
I did n't say you were a mandrake-man .
If people can readily withdraw money from tax-preferred accounts for purposes other than retirement , there is no assurance that tax incentives would improve retirement security .
GAO evaluators are trained to analyze and document the chain of evidence .
Mardi Gras is only the more common name because it is not specifically linked to religion .
The second installment of Star Wars is in theaters .
After he set it up , i took him out to lunch for being so nice .
Sicily and other southern regions were colonized in the 8th century b.c.
Also , questions can require nested case studies .
I stopped running right where I was
We loan a lot of money with strings attached and I feel bad about it .
I tried to speak up but fear prevented me .
There are special service areas for both Native Americans and migrant workers .
Robert Spitzer 's work was unknown to Kutchins and Kirk .
Tech has a good reputation for engineering , while A am M is better for computer science than engineering .
The park used to be named after Corbett .
Professors realized it was hard to make a new language .
The Gothic and Renaissance buildings have been terribly neglected .
Northern Italy was not easily given up to the Austrians at the end of the Wars of Spanish , Austrian and Polish Succession .
Bad tax and a $ 1 billion reserve lead to the I-695 victory .
I already have a nursing home picked out for my mother-in-law .
He goes out into the woods .
I 'm not exactly sure if you 're aware of your issues .
Every state is different from one another .
I spend a lot of time trying to watch it .
Did you help him to escape ?
Fira is built along a busy highway .
Bork looked up , waiting for something .
Forests were cleared with fire .
He will not run in a general election while he is a conservative Democrat .
Leal Senado is a perfect example of colonial building design .
Patients naturally always report to insurance companies when health problems may be a direct result of alcohol .
Larger ski resorts are actually 20 minutes away by foot .
Alterations can be detected .
There are five Lions of Delos , and also two Tigers of Delos .
There is life beyond earth .
It has a buffet for lunch and dinner .
They 're not at the human factors level .
Another quarter billion dollars or more was earmarked to pay down debt incurred by the building .
They have no feelings of affection whatsoever .
Jon is swinging something .
Without the second benefit , health would be terrible .
The final rule was declared an economically significant regulator action by the EPA .
Some firsts are able to perform business functions at different costs .
There are no plans to have the museum open on Sundays .
The bright and airy Church of the Assumption has plentiful windows to let in the sunlight .
Should I not go to the police ?
You have to ask Severn about the four Jarvis children .
The 125 piece walk sequence was too small for optimal efficiency .
There had already been enough attention .
There are three strategies for improvement discussed in the paper .
These provisions do not require examination .
Only paintings of 19th century philosophers are on display .
It is statistically proven that a clever system of taxes can induce accurate reporting of emotional distress .
Tim Russert did n't take a vacation , he continued to work on Meet The Press .
These sites lead to George W. Bush 's website .
An annual net savings of $ 545 million has been estimated by the Department .
I do n't want a car with the seat belt under the door .
The overseer 's hands grabbed Hanson by the shoulders .
It is already certain that the postal service can engage in these negotiations .
The Twilight Dance Series offers concerts for steep prices .
The layman thought it would be a good idea to question every parishioner .
I am anorexic .
The Enhanced Carrier Route was introduced prior to 1997 .
The lack of interest relegated Malaya 's rubber production to being a novelty .
The Committee will cover all consultation expenses incurred by LSC .
I was feeling sure of myself .
When tea was done , he put his hands on me romantically .
The Context in which federal CIOs operate is no different from other CIOs .
Jane Langmuir was the one who conceived of this project .
Bertrand de Montluc arrived at the island with a great force of men .
Beatrice was nearly sent to prison for many months .
It 's a bad idea to have the hired guns here .
The Romans established several towns over the course of their history .
Malaysia has no traditions and an out-of-date , slow economy .
This began to distort scientific practice .
I believe that the rising popularity of contraceptives will push the abortion rate down .
The beach is dirty sand .
The number of boilermakers increases at a rate of 1.26 .
The trust members built themselves was more important than the trust they made with the leaders .
Menorca is home to several well-hidden prehistoric sites .
The south is totally protected against an attack .
You ca n't guarantee there will be results with money .
It was proven that Mrs. Vandemeyer and the girl were hiding something .
I wish I had seen Tipper , but I did n't get to .
AT&T and MCI believe the tax is fair and have decided to absorb the cost instead of passing it on .
America alone is responsible for the excesses of the globalization movement .
The shallow bays are great places for windsurfing , especially in the summer .
The losing streak for the Cardinals have jumped this season .
The Flamingo likes to host grand parties .
Do you want some coffee ?
The traditional reform options propose additional benefits for less cost .
Would you cook a turkey or chicken in a barbecue ? I would , they taste great that way .
Did she deserve to be blamed for following what she believes in ?
Hawaii became very diverse which influenced their foods and culture .
They approached as the door was opened .
The panels do not need to collect anything from the representative of the affected small entities .
The assumptions of affirmative action opponents are overly mechanical .
External validity is about testing conclusions on more individuals in order to confirm the initial hypothesis .
The Ile Saint-Louis is popular with the wealthier citizens of Paris .
The only time the disorder seemed to exist was before Ritalin came around .
No , Ma'am .
This episode reminds me of Mean Girls .
The village has nowhere to dine .
Hanson redirected his gaze from the gears to the group of rocs .
No matter how long I have the satellite dish , I just do n't like it ,
We bought a clearance item in Memphis on credit .
Cormorants can be seen at any time of year .
It has gone down about twelve percent .
The queen hosts Royal Dining Room dinners four times a year .
Section 414 helps balance allowance allocations for units .
The cliff paths are a pleasant place to walk of Menorca .
The war would lead to a bunch of resentment among civilians .
If it 's used in Bangladesh and the rest of South Asia , it 's a cheap item .
I find my current job enjoyable .
San ` doro did n't sound like that was still merely a thought , mused Jon ; what was he planning to do against him ?
He could not afford to get distracted from his problem .
The world exploded behind me .
Mr. Carter was growing more and more tired .
Vreanna wore a pleased expression when she saw it .
I am still processing the whole thing .
Current history does n't add any points to it .
I liked talking to you .
Individual reports that focus on its component units would n't include the data .
Federal Express has a commercial with a think tank .
It 's true .
The number looks too high in my opinion .
The Federal Crop insurance Reform Act was passed in 1994 .
The document and other security information was on NIST 's webpage .
The context of federal CIOs may cause specific deviations .
I do n't wan na see you again
The US could invest 20 % more than it saved in the 1980 's and 90 's .
The mud and rocks stayed put .
Persians and Lydians did not exist .
They will be delayed .
Tommy asked about the location .
He and his associates were operating at the level of the metaphor .
We need to wait until they tell us what to do .
It is unsuitable for those with heart issues because of the number of steps .
The exhibitions in the entrance hall are usually the most exciting .
Every new thing seems to disprove it .
There were several guidelines for the case study .
You could clearly see the irritation in Lincoln 's eyes .
Headquarters staff is increased and port staff streamlined .
A lot of drivers stop at 24 hour gas stations .
It works pretty good at the right time of year .
ED and alcohol dependency issues are completely unrelated .
The Task Force on Civil Equal Justice Funding was a huge success .
Jon is on a baseball field .
They abandoned their fort after a zombie outbreak .
Law , medicine or engineering students get better jobs .
There are no boats in the small marina .
You have to pay to use the Caravelle beach if you go by boat .
The prime minister 's office only communicates by telegraph .
The Black issue arose hundreds of years ago .
The narrator does n't know what to do with them afterwards .
Much Among Giants is a movie .
The summers are cold and the winters are warm .
She was not wearing a coat during the time .
The best time to mow the lawn is when it 's wet and mushy .
What do n't you do ?
I have not the first clue .
The accounting model needs to be updated in addition to the acquisition model .
Gates constructed a large house in the Seattle area .
There was more detail collected by the Postal Service .
There was never any cane grown at all in 1799 .
Why is there no matching program ?
The Minoans did not see this coming .
The USPS view of the world is shaped by their own motives and drivers .
It has been reported that some are not desired at all .
Clinton 's job ratings fell to an all-time low .
Get something from the Guess Who ,
Diego was n't knowledgeable enough to govern the island .
The tobacco executives told Congress that nicotine was addictive .
Scott Thomas was the EPA Chairman .
He picked Meg Ryan .
Being alert to new monitoring tools and technigques is practice 16 .
Julius would n't leave the house .
The container is empty and on the buffet .
The bombing in Korea was shocking to the world .
People will think you are boring .
The Clean Air Act only has a single title .
Bill Clinton is n't doing anything on the divide .
Julius answered her right away , without a moment of thought .
The magazine is not interested in celebrities .
Johnson was the most disliked politician since Hamilton .
I know nothing about the motor oil .
There was a building were the tents once were .
Mail sent between households make up 6.6 percent of the total First-Class volume .
What are the reasons the lookalike is n't good enough ?
Susan is who this is .
It is always possible .
Corroborating evidence supports the testimonies in the database .
Empires do not quit because they could n't compete economically .
They have approximately 300 small issues to go through .
She does n't like people like me .
I will use the look on younger women after I improve .
The gardens are amazing .
1,634 associates gave money to Legal Aid through their site .
Smaller villages also operate galleries that can be found .
Tommy said they do n't mix romance and marriage .
We also see it as a future investment .
The only good time to visit is in late March .
They fisherman caught 500 pounds of fish today .
There is nothing on the slopes between Vosges and Rhine Valley .
The wrap was tight around her waist .
I do n't have time to read the book so I always wait for the film .
It is doubtful Tripp was evaluated before receiving this job offer .
These residences must be verified in person by local authorities before a visa is granted .
I am in the dark as to who won the pennant last year
I 'm envious because it should be mine .
His skin was cold and clammy .
Rochester is far from the water .
What aisles are the household goods on ?
Legal services for low income people across the country are in jeopardy , unless Maryland can set a new precedent of getting funding from the state .
Her empathy was more important than her actions because it was infectious .
She died during the night but was n't found until this morning .
Tommy hurt his head bringing the picture down .
Regulation is a possibility for the future .
Despite using different assumptions , the analyses came up with the same result as noted .
The Ad-Lib group designs the trendy resort clothing here .
Chennai is a laid-back , quiet , and peaceful city .
Sport fishing and boat adventures .
Jon needed nothing to do with her .
What is the place of art ?
The House of Dolphins has a painting of Dionysos riding a dolphin .
The reliability of impressions simply ca n't be measured by tabulating meetings to any degree .
I am very interested in tactics , Al. .
He spoke ill of the area 's natural features .
I enjoy camping .
Certain practices were really important to their efforts
Yes , petting and other things .
Now that I 've experienced being sentimental , I 'm starting to like it .
The show will be set in the woods north of Boston .
Thousands of people come to see the wax models .
If the accounts were to be taken individually , the program would not work .
Capital goods depreciate at a higher rate than other goods .
They were n't able to be home with their child and ended up getting childcare instead .
She still had complete awareness after her stroke .
This is my partner I use very seldom .
15 % is for educational lay programs .
Was the problem easy to fix ?
A listing of those better than others is very helpful to the economy .
I 'll watch and when he comes out I 'll give you a signal .
Of all the resorts in the old Channel , Cabourge is by far the most impressive and stately .
This decline in elasticity of demand is due to changes in trends in the market .
A new object has captured their affection .
Men like it much more than they do .
When his colleagues are n't sadistic , they are successful .
The help from consultants and other stakeholders was useful in doing it .
Here you can see FWI 's traditional costume of shorts and tank tops , which is experiencing a revival .
The page-boy she 'd been expecting was gone , having waited too long for her to return .
The tomb of Troy is full of bronze and silver treasure .
The crooks spent the day at the movies .
Some are reported as not having been wanted at all due to breakage .
In 1920 Malaya produced the majority of rubber in the world , beating out tin for how much money it made the country .
There is n't enough room for an airport on the island .
You are convinced it will be a deterrent
Look at the lawnmower industry for example .
What are we going to have for supper ?
It is impossible to prepare a report on this topic .
The Kal then nodded its head up and down to signal that it wanted to fight .
Clinton said he was completely innocent and instructed them to stop talking about it .
Leading organizations want to be sure their processes are successful , which can be obvious for most of the people here .
The woman had never spoken before .
Poverty lawyers might make $ 32,000 per year starting out .
There is rumor that the money is circulation will double in a decade .
That does n't at all sound like something I would enjoy .
They said that the current system does n't reflect
I saw him get on the train .
Consultants most often have personality clashes at the center of conflict .
I guess it was n't in the box office for a long period of time due to poor sales , but I still thought it was great .
Russia has been successfully invaded hundreds of times .
The logic for the case studies is different from other types .
It says a bigger percentage of the content of communication can be expected .
The guide is a good book for tourists .
Mud and rocks were swept 200 miles down the river .
All studies have an unknown quality but the best imagined ones have less than others .
When prophecy is indicative of a thing happening , it will occur -- there is a cycle of confirmation to it .
Bill Clinton is working to eventually close this divide .
Not all auctions sell high priced goods .
Sheffield , Cambridge and Manchester are all in Boston .
Many Lakeland hotels also quote an affordable dinner , bed , and breakfast rate , but there is not a shortage of affordable dinner restaurants in the area if one chooses not to eat at the hotel .
Tripp is not qualified for the offer she received .
The iron gate did not move at all .
Palestrina will be performed in New York by the Royal Opera .
There are no examples of case studies , so it is a new territoriy .
I must lead two lives ; one in perfectly amiable company with the president , and one whispering in the ears of his enemies as his back was turned .
It had started five years ago .
He was trying to take a nap .
She was , as a result , revered by her subjects as a living deity .
Downtown Dallas was a short drive from where I lived in Wylie .
Her eyes glittered as she promised him that she would .
Mrs. Vandemeyer took an appropriate does of chloral .
I know that Shuger asked himself a lot of questions .
bGross national saving is held constant as a share of GDP .
These men were driving in a blue Cadillac when they filed their final exams .
The logic for the case studies is the same thing .
The stresses affected people as the researchers expected , though women were more affected than men .
The Pallava kings were famously warlike and brave .
Fast forward to 1994 and all the years after .
He did not believe his assertions of the area 's beauty .
Eisner is a big fan of ABC .
Tim Russert took an early vacation be letting no one know .
This is the second time that you 've tried this .
He asked Tuppence to sit down on the chair .
Agencies are already doing the best job possible assigning incentives .
In dominant males had access fertile females .
Did you use red bricks ?
Just a check for twelve bucks .
There is a question where the real Japan lies .
We are presenting the test by comparing percentages for each of the posts with actual percentages of letters mailed .
The precarious road leading to the 1,560-foot summit is likely to test your persistence , and also the engine and suspension of your car .
They drew a map on how they were gon na divide up the districts .
John did n't know if they were one of us .
The Postal Service spends considerable sums on cost analysis .
stakeholders may not interpret how they want to invest their money
Grantees are not going to pay attention to cases closed in the last year .
Nobody is going to be to any nightclub ever .
He used the red dye of beets to paint his canvas .
They were defeated by Saladin , a Muslim leader , and lost control of the large part of the country they had .
mine are in the windows unless i take them out to clean them
The opportunity is what the line states
It is concentrated and limited to a small space .
Ibiza was never attacked so the walls are in great condition .
The General Fund handles nonexchange revenue .
The village has an Italian restaurant .
If it 's is over six hundred you are required to do it , but I got one thirty one .
In Dallas , the mentality is that you have to like both of them .
Web companies use this advantage to assist those politicians that they prefer for office .
Our clients can barely afford our legal assistance .
He saw Jon had been sleeping for hours .
Not all reviews from all sources are taken into account .
This will tax preference will help our communities develop faster .
Edinburgh Zoo is located on a giant hill .
The structures are on the site of David 's Tower .
There are often not enough hotel rooms for everyone .
The depiction of the servant girl being flung into hell is very graphic .
The basics need to be right first .
The woods are full of dangerous creatures , which is why the Ceteau has such high walls .
Much Among Giants is a real life documentary .
Everyone embraced the end of the shoulder pad craze .
Myriad things are available for purchase here .
The men took all the sword 's , a dozen at least .
If they 've overestimated how far the CPI is off , it will have horrific consequences .
Pat Buchanan , being behind , was trying to reach who was in front of him .
Britons trumpet their poet laureate as worthy of the ranks of Blake , Keats , Hardy and Auden -LRB- the Times of London -RRB- .
Jon was glad that she was n't .
The index did not include the average number of public school students expelled last year each school day .
You can find schools marble carving in the village of Pyrgos .
This is n't a problem at all .
The prey could be kittens themselves .
There are two editors , and one is more often responsible for arranging for them to get written than the other .
bGross national saving represents a national bank .
GDP would still be above 50,000 even given the conditions .
I used to own a car with the seat belts there .
The man says that he 's not sure if there 's more hitting .
I do n't think they 've repainted their house .
Vendors are competing to see who can sell the most .
All programs that so this are successful .
Walking through the old agora is a popular pastime .
The architect who worked on the Taj Mahal is thought to have worked on another building .
thanks for helping me with work
He refused to give it to her when she told him to .
You 'll find small lepers chopping of chunks of tuna , its the only place they can work .
She 's absolutely useless to the cause .
Espalmador is popular with yachtsmen for it 's white sand beach .
Alfred Inglethorp
Santorini 's tomatoes are commonly used to make tomato sauce .
Hypothetical market situations are uniform across all respondents .
His weak body could not heal itself against the tiniest scratch .
The Federal Crop Insurance Reform Act gave insurance to farmers whose crops did n't succeed .
I 'm sort of an acting process scientists but officially I handle the mail for the week .
it 's heavy when it 's self propelled , in case you were wondering
Violence is now look at in the positive due to The Wild Bunch .
The man was on the ground .
I purposefully seek out head bangers as much as I can .
The group responsible for administering pensions does not consider gains on property as part of savings .
Incorrect information can be in contradiction with applicable laws .
James Surowiecki asserts that the equity stock option market contributes nothing to the smooth functioning of capital markets .
Slate 60 ranks American charity recipients .
Was mentioning the Ritz accidental and careless ?
Family-planning organizations and Pence do n't get along .
I wanted a cup of early gray .
I will stop you .
The buildings are so low that there is no shade in the streets .
Natural rock formations on visible on excursions .
Clinton has several similarities to Whitewater or Flytrap .
Goods and Services are sold in secret .
Upward pressure is put on interest rates when government saving is increased .
Because of the way it worked it was simple for me to keep track of my mistakes .
The CFO Council established a GPRA Implementation Committee .
Overlapping the other photos ?
Looking at my daughter was like looking in a mirror .
Michael Huffington is gay .
That does increase , yeah .
They wanted to prove that even a tiny bit could make a difference .
Hanson leaned in to examine it again , through a diamond lens .
Research and development often occurs in scientific companies .
Dinners with the queen in the Royal Dining Room are much sought after invitations .
Howard Berman of California is an inspiring man .
As this city lacks a Museum of Modern Art , visual arts will never come into their own .
Small colleges never have any troubles or challenges .
Azure is a dish of sweet porridge .
That would cause the Internet 's share to rise by a factor of ten .
I ca n't stomach this book , so I 'm not going to recommend it
It is good that she brings it to people 's attention .
Your speeches make people feel a lot of rage .
Journeying to St. Ann 's Bay from Cockpit Country .
Newspaper writes ca n't take the kind of license that he did .
One of the first concerns of the ordinary French citizens were the disputes among nobles .
It will be reconfigured on January 4 .
Disbursement of pay must be facilitated by reporting information to the home agency .
if pH of scrubbing liquor falls below a range of 5.0 to 6.0 , then the whole world may explode
That was a desolate place .
I have lost my experimental nature due to old age .
I do n't enjoy being around people who like public speaking because they are usually liars .
All testing related to data reliability will not be included .
The only way to get to the island is by boat , as there are no airports .
The Celts did not arrive until the start of the sixth century .
I liked him instantly .
I think you are retiring soon .
HCFA provided a notice about the rules on March 28 , 1997 .
NOx moves hundreds of miles from its starting point to for ozone .
You can take a cruise from Bhansi Ghat .
There is massive corruption .
The library contained many of Jane Austen 's works .
The village is not named after the settling explorer .
The proposed rule was changed after AMS saw the comments .
The executives worked hard to make the government act reality
The formal Review Process guarantees that not a single representative of any designated state planning body the right to direct communication .
The worst place to buy anything from is Beaune .
The pure looking woman opened it .
Some of them can be rented weekly , for example , this one 's $ 300 per week .
There is a lack of experienced pilots for these low-drafted craft .
The agency received a draft of the product from the GAO .
The sea is n't even three blocks away .
It 's just the right amount .
Writing is a waste of time .
Legal Aid backers were hoping to get the proposed bill passed soon .
You think it comes down to education ?
She remains hidden .
Most of our customers are female for some reason .
Jon replaced her cloak with a red robe and a clean arm scarf .
Through natural and responsive spproaches
Gerth talks at length about the important CIA report .
Screening needs to find people with problems , but it does n't have to accomplish anything else .
Alexander the Great was so impressed with the city in 334 B.C. that he expressed a wish to live there one day .
You can see the way that their whole demeanor has changed .
Many rich and famous people have made Dinard their preferred vacation spot through the years .
Newspaper preprints may cost as little as a nickel .
He 'll be sentenced in two months from now .
The Sinai was a source of turquoise for Ancient Egyptians .
Legal delivery is wonderful in the state
The DOD could receive a good return on these funds if it manages them well .
The statue was erected to remind the populace to stay obedient to their masters .
You should start them around June in order for them to not get too hot .
I will be able to find some proof soon .
The state has decided to divide its legal assistance services into several programs .
We have n't learned anything about the pre-Roman Etruscans .
It appeared many times of the last ten years .
Reality is so bland that the virtual reality technology business gets spiced up .
Rep. Charles Rangel thinks 90 years in jail is excessive for KKK members that were not directly tied to the murder .
That never happened to me .
It started to illuminate more and more .
I had a distrust for the tiny things .
Bowling season would be better split into thirds .
There are 15 key reasons for the teen renaissance we are seeing .
who can blame who is confused about our schedule ?
It 's often hard to see turtles because they are so well-hidden .
They had a deep respect for their cultures .
For himself he chose Father of the Turks , or Ataturk .
I only camp out of a trailer , never a car .
Ibiza 's walls have crumbled due to the weather .
Tickets to see Chima Para Diso cost money .
I have more to share about my animals .
The Senate was respectful of all eleven nominees .
A martini must be composed by vodka and vermouth .
Children are immediately obedient to parental information their entire lives .
He walked quickly after them , having gained considerably upon rounding the corner .
You might not think so .
U.S. consumers benefit from imports , while East Asian factories suffer .
Arafat is also ailing and has no clear successor that is willing to wear his hats .
Overall volume decreased .
Iraq was something that should n't have happened
You grew up in Galveston and I grew up in Dallas .
We started talking 5 or 6 minutes ago .
He was proud of what he had accomplished .
I never had any children with my wife .
I do n't need to put any work to get the endorsements I want .
Our ideas work really well together and do not clash .
The jury acquitted him on those charges .
Jon was charging him with a knife .
It was between a barista and an unhappy customer
Please be seated , ma'am .
Everyone knows McVeigh acted alone .
Tourist Information offices are never of any help .
The overseer 's hand pushed Hanson forward .
His style made him look like an amateur beside Inglis ' work
A lot of legal aid cases go unassisted each year .
The radio station is probably on ninety two .
That 's true , and it was nice chatting .
She was n't aware what was going on after her stroke .
No , they would like to do that .
I would n't sell my Trans Am even if I was offered a million dollars .
In 1917 , the Brittish General Allenby surrendered the city using a bed-sheet .
The chair was tall and made of wood .
The Moors were only subdued by the Christians after four centuries of bloodshed .
Boilermakers may increase rapidly in size than expected .
She does n't look like the girl in the picture at all .
I 'm glad you are n't double crossing me anymore .
Mothers should nurse twice at night .
We are bombarded with the news all day that when I get home I need to turn it off .
They do n't see crime on TV .
I guess this summer will be another warm one ; we 'll see .
The couple .
Some people plan things like that think tank commercial .
The differential doubles every month .
I wonder if the Indians ancestors actually came over the Aleutian land bridge ?
The reason for the lack of information is the fact that what goes into nontransportation costs can differ dramatically by individual .
Six are correlated to winter in certain areas .
The instructors are really good at helping , and are always available .
Shoot the ones that face us , Adrin told Jon
Twenty mastic villages were built only in the 14th century by the genoese .
She 's being used as leverage .
He has definitely heard of it .
There are a few small airplanes offshore that belonged to unlucky drug runners , and they are so interesting to see during artificial diving .
He 's a good lot
He is very cocky .
So you want me to call the cops ?
Yeah , I love basketball and football .
Poirot gave them the answers in perfect order , like a robot .
I know single moms who would n't be able to afford it .
We need your assistance with a new feature .
There are 3 multi-site studies being reviewed
I do n't know what she said , no .
One particular network of lawyers who provided services in southern Illinois for a variety of legal issues will be hard hit by the budget reductions .
No money was spent on emergency housing relief .
Katachi means , it 's not how you do something ; it 's what you do .
Tommy explained to hold hard , using only one arm .
I 've taken up too much of the last bit of time so you should go .
At times a church is used by multiple faiths .
The Monastery of Nea Moni was founded in 1500 and it is very beautiful .
I think it would be a lot more work to do it like that instead of my way
The Maruyas had control over important sea routes .
Beatrice and Grace made out OK legally .
The blast had brought the walls of the tunnel down .
There was great variance in the extent to which these comments were available electronically .
The dome is bare and plain .
the vote of the people was actually unconstitutional
Being an intelligence analyst is hard work .
The rulers did not allow any other culture except for Buddhist and Hindu , punishable by death .
Washington Square is sunny when it 's overripe .
The Black River received its name because the water in its stream is actually black .
Their lives are much better than their ancestors .
All Boy Scouts go on to be Eagle Scouts .
People will continually purchase tickets , as long as they have a good chance of winning .
There were no meetings to discuss changes to the legal services delivery system .
The restaurant was n't out favorite but it was a job .
It 's surrounded by columns , but there are no shops around .
Lists of people better than others are stupid .
I am sad but it will never happen .
I 'm not really familiar with the politics there .
China fought a civil war that scared Hong Kong .
I am assuming that he guessed about your situation .
The Fray is known as friendly and gentle .
At number 73 on the south side of the square the Irish Architectural Archive can be found .
If you do n't believe me then maybe looking at this will convince you .
Stay .
Stridently macho , loud and predictable , the film goes nowhere .
They had a large amount of resources such as fruit and wheat .
The traditional opening time for hotels is around Orthodox Easter .
The Muslims do n't speak of Moses .
At last , she has not been alone with the president !
It 's a good way to get it done .
He spent most of his time in the tiny village , outside of Kingston ,
You should pack a sweater and other warm clothing if you visit during the cool Summer months .
I 've noticed that since I 've moved down to Texas , one does n't need to have a wide variety of seasonal clothes .
Criminal identified in the closing pages of the book .
AT&T 's flat rate is usually cheaper than MCI 's per call tax .
I know it amused Shuger to join the people ripping Linda Tripp apart .
No one noticed and it was n't funny at all .
They have models made out of clay .
The FFC conducted the Government/Industry Forum in March 1998
They were humbled .
I was poor and could only afford a small space .
The Legislature must be watched .
Conspiracy skips out on some crises
Nothing was left from the body .
There was no cost in keeping the grass alive in the summer time .
You ca n't be thinking of turning it down ?
A chain was used and stretched to prevent enemy ships from entering .
The Rajabai Clocktower is open twice a day for visitors to walk up to .
It was something very dark and secretive , only containable in a wall of text .
There is sdo much left to do .
Personal saving is how much disposable personal income is left over after corporate spending .
The guide includes all of the popular Aegean Islands .
We do n't agree that anyone should do it .
They had him fart all his lines while prancing around nude .
She moved her shoulders up and down .
I did it a lot .
Waters ' tax records show clearly that he earned a lovely $ 65k in 2000 .
We suggest written and on a diskette for backup reasons .
Your farewell activity did n't go well .
To sell myself , basically .
The experiments proved it was a much better predictor .
The beaches in Mumbai are a bad idea .
That 's one of the reasons we wanted to kill you .
There is no pain from jumping .
I plan to get into it on a regular basis .
He continued to speak incoherently after apologizing .
The EPA 's WET Interlaboratory Variability Study served as the reference for the upper and lower PMSD numbers .
The pro-choice advocate 's admission to lying about the circumstances of the procedure did n't seem to matter to most lawmakers .
Healthy eating choices for optimally aged men .
They ca n't defend themselves because of their age .
I wo n't go there ever again .
While he was gone , I spent some time observing the room .
This was the site of the studio which had an unprepssessing glass roof .
Yes , we have cable here .
It was easy .
They are not available online .
The Western Wall is a testament to Jerusalem 's greatness under Ramses II .
The Anse Labord beaches are popular for snorkeling due to their unique temperate reefs .
Doctor Perennial was standing in the forest when he received SMs .
You wake up early an decide to walk instead of take the subway .
The galleries in major towns are more interesting than those in smaller villages .
We conclude that the moves are harmful .
I already have the address for Mr. Whittington , thank you .
American know-how is the reason he got to where he is .
Spock was able to cure American mothers and fathers of their impossible dream of being professional parents .
They showed a lot of skill juggling those kittens , only dropping one .
Democracies will probably go to war just over economic issues .
Texas attorneys have contributed one million dollars this year using the opt-out approach .
He always plays in the middle or towards the end .
My wife absolutely has a Bristol 355 , just not from me .
The IRS hearing on the Reconstruction Act and IRS Funding was in 2002 .
I was anticipating an ad for cigars in the newspaper .
Eve 's Apple is an overrated book .
I rationalized that it was best that they got stoned beforehand .
He was superior .
Bob Dole stated that Bill Clinton had no right to privilege .
They did not have enough resources to run more than one test .
You 're originally from Texas ?
I do n't have any money to give you .
A capgains tax would make people buy more assets .
Nancy Rogers is involved .
It would be safe in the bank
The citizens of Madrid are eager to party creating a city that is also active at night .
The appraisers liked the item because our taxes are high .
Wayang Siam is the least popular form of shadow theater .
A lot was going to be required from her .
Pro-life posters have n't depicted isolated fetuses at all after Roe .
The document was put on NIST 's webpage so that people would know emergency procedures .
I know there are things related to religion and the bible .
The population of India is under 500 million people .
There 's no point in analyzing the past .
College students
HIV researches believe HIV will be cured very soon .
So you can fry ground beef , drain it , and then add hoi sin sauce and vegetables .
Tuppence did n't care what happened .
Zelon is normally a talkative and opinionated person .
Simmons is known for dating New York 's most prominent fashion designers .
Raccoons , if they are escaped or abandoned , tend to damage things - this is what has been happening for the past 20 years - but many organizations are trying to solve the problem .
How many miles did you run ?
No one knows who pioneered the use of carbolic acid and chloroform for new purposes .
One of the most beautiful Byzantine sites is the Monastery of Nea Moni .
Men possess some degree of masculinity , but it can be called into question .
The Tokugawa shoguns opened up performances so that all could access noh drama .
I hope that the children will not mimic this type of extreme violence .
If a physician believes they are responsible for screening , it is guaranteed to happen .
We hated the restaurant in Salisbury , it was really expensive to eat at .
The Computer Security Institute is the most helpful organization for this discussion .
I 've never been to Asia
No way ! She yelled .
Silvework and Petwer are related .
A man like me can only succeed .
She had thousands in student loans .
There is belief held by Fiss that the American public is denied enlightening information .
Cardinal Richelieu was a wealthy man who worked diligently for the Catholic church .
The Senate was very disrespectful of the nominees .
The roommate was receiving instructions .
Styrofoam is not a safe thing to have near food .
The henry kaiser foundation shows that people will always be content with how their healthcare is
He wanted to get out of there fast .
This assumption will be relaxed in Part III below .
Not you
They wanted to use your skills , so they brought you here .
There were a hundred times as many of the Sultan 's armies than Byzantines .
Thank you , that 's all I have to say .
Speaker Gingrich believes that volleyball is an important thing to consider when discussing freedom .
These menus are created by experts .
Germanic tribes founded the towns of Palmaria and Pollentia .
Everyone was cheering or cursing as they watched .
Savonarola was burned in Florence .
Madeira proved to be uninhabitable .
Unit cost is not a measurement listed on the scorecard .
The democrats made the first offensive move .
The Bell Curve shows us the perfect solution for handling these problems .
I 'm being the most sentimental of all , which is n't normal .
U.S. diplomacy would fail if the states did n't work together .
An entrance conference is held with central agencies .
My friends should look towards me as a model of saving money .
Yanomamo men who kill other men have better chances at getting more wives .
There are local tour guides to help you find them .
The gallery is refreshing and every artist wants to be there .
The largest tower built along the coast was 30 feet high and 6 feet thick .
Harrer denies having known she was going to kill him .
It was Daniel who got me the beer .
There are a lot of resorts in the national park .
Please do n't seat yourself , miss .
She used a phone modem but it was very different than if she were in the office .
It was a good thing that they did n't go the child care route as they were able to be home with their child more often .
There is four billion of something for mercury .
He told Monica that he would like to be with her even after leaving the office .
the congress also has different functions , though they are all broad scoping .
He 'd been stuck for hours , starting to feel doubt crawl into his mind .
Capital goods are able to last for eternity .
All Japanese people abide by the concept of katachi .
A symmetrical design with straight streets was visible on his plan and echoed in hers .
I 'm glad we 've talked .
A majority of Americans are not happy with the health-care system .
it 's not only that people can find jobs here more easily now
There was no water found pouring down from the mountains .
We do other activities together before the football game starts .
I could only view one window at a time so it was very hard to catch any errors .
Let 's take it with us .
The basics do n't need to be right first .
They borrowed traditions from one holiday to incorporate into their own .
The final part of uploading feels like a mental dry-heave .
The village only had one famous person .
The effects of climate change can be seen .
The splendid situation is a birthday party .
The young girl stood frozen in her place .
Derry 's passion for cybernetics was once strong , but now has faded .
Military shows
There is not role reversal going on right now in relation to democracy .
There 's no order to it ; prophecy tries to indicate a thing will happen , but it never does .
That is unlikely and this conversation has gotten us nowhere .
Goods and Services are sold by undercover agents . .
Bruce Barton 's , `` The Man Nobody Knows '' , a best seller in 1925-26 , is known as the best example of Jesus as the ultimate businessman .
A main train line went between all the small towns .
You can not do that wearing a skirt .
`` We are going to fail , are n't we ? ''
The Cadets made that under Prince Lvov .
Ancient writings show an accurate picture of Indo-Anryan society .
Always disrespectful of the religion .
Keep on writing .
I would love to listen to more of it .
He would not give in .
One of the benefits of the program is the boost to lawyers ' public image .
Randy 's Last Words
This is the first body that came down like this .
Reich 's book is a series of morality fables .
During Crossfire , even Sam Donaldson patronized me .
The rates could go up by 13 during a Postal Service increase .
I call , oh , it is fun .
Lorraine and Burgundy were largely unprotected at the time .
It is claimed that a portion of Os Lusadas was written in the Camees Grotto .
The gardens containing the remains of the Abbey of Holyrood are in disarray and not well-kept .
I am surprised that not many of them are in politics down here .
The hill stations were too cold for a course .
Abortion can not be outlawed .
There was a discount for the orders I made .
The elderly lady was close to death and in pain .
Animal killings make me want to cry .
FGD systems are usually constructed closer to ground in comparison to SCR technology .
The rates can not be changed by the Postal Service .
The University of Hawaii campus is located in Honolulu .
Tuppence polishes her silver every day and hates to be disturbed .
The new version of the rule closed certain loopholes .
Yes , there is a ton .
Even should auditors choose not to comply with such standards , they are a helpful tool in guiding GAGAS work .
Gore dodged the draft .
Women 's bodies are not their own property .
The Postal Service has a lot of market power .
Kentridge did not enter a film in any show during his lifetime .
I played basketball in college .
The remains would have caused grief to her mother .
They can take their ball and go sit around at home without breaking any promises to anyone .
Everyone is content with the change of public health programs .
Papyrus paper was only used by wealthy Egyptians because it was so expensive .
Charlies I could barely speak Spanish , and the grandson was n't even born in Spain .
Education will make it happen .
We paid a good amount for it .
A 50 % increase in funding for programs promote a variety of both demand-side and supply-side technologies according to the CEF Moderate scenario .
Ken Bode hosts Wacky Tangent .
That sounds fascinating as well .
It was difficult to curtail the power of land-owners in extensive contact with the more conservative elements in the Congress Party , because the Party was paying them off .
It says a smaller percentage of the content of communication can be expected .
The agencies that responded appreciated the initiative by GAO , because they were helpful to the agencies .
Their services might be more effective if they 're done in the ED during a trauma .
Many temples and palaces are free to visit in the country .
Pakistani poppy growers are going to grow more opium .
Octavius described himself as an opportunist often .
Dan Burton appeared on Good Morning , America .
Siegel never failed once and was always considered very lucky .
You should pay the whole way for the kid 's college tuition .
The floor patterns of the House of the Trident are very intricate .
Koreans and Japanese see themselves as different cultures ,
I wish you had n't revealed your identity , that was a mistake .
There were many people listening to her .
When I was 7 the only thing I knew was
You remind me of talking to a girl about books and movies .
Festivals are a place , but performances at private weddings are more traditional and better due to the correct cultural context .
Kids do n't like what their parents have told them .
The Punta Arab market sells hippie-made hoop earrings .
The prophet Mohamed did n't exist .
Scientists gave animals irradiated chicken and they all lived as long as the rest of them .
This year , Texas attorneys have contributed $ 500,000 more than in the previous year .
I am glad our generation has no debt .
Let 's see how The Bell Curve tries , but fails , to get around these problems .
They were disappointed to hear the consumer complaints .
The Muslims captured the Holy City .
It 's my turn to change things for myself .
Economic theory is the deciding factor when it comes to valuation .
The person told the other person that she would be sent to them .
The degree to which conclusions can be applied to objects and persons who were n't subjects in the initial study subject is called External Validity .
There is a museum that is outside next to the building .
Marilyn Manson was not as dark as Alice Cooper is .
The weapon was very sharp .
You underestimate the probability of us getting caught .
The management of the cafe enforces a strict dress code .
I was told to leave immediately by the other young lady who was rather rude to me .
The researchers from Harvard cut corners in gathering data for this project .
Do not get a car if it has a broken air-conditioning system .
There was a question on Monday .
Whole life policies with a term life with annuity could be replaced by the whole organization .
The purpose of Diwan i Khas is disputed .
The few who visit say it is the worst beach they have ever been to .
The CFO Council and the OMB are lax about the priority initiatives .
Reich refers to a chart that he misunderstood .
I do n't want a camper like that .
Sometimes her cleavage is showing and sometimes she 's all covered up .
The biography uses only published diaries and well known Cuban government information .
She is very tired .
There are dangerous temptations regarding going to the store .
Every comment is thoughtfully read and considered .
The sultanate of Brunei borders the Indonesian state of Kalimantan .
I moved my face .
Larger boats that can fit up to 20 people -LRB- not including the crew -RRB- , have gourmet cruises .
My orders did not have any sexual references .
The DOD increases risk to manage the environment .
Tony Snow touted a poll showing that 60 percent of Americans think the allegations represent a pattern of behavior .
There is no doubt that hand belongs to Mr. Brown .
Simmons lives in Chicago and never socializes or makes business deals .
I still do all the gardening and landscaping myself .
Use a knife to kill the chickens .
The woman asked if he came to her .
Both vocal and instrumental accompaniment are use in the theater .
You should buy new clothes and other stuff .
The Joint Venture had justified itself by success .
All of the client 's legal problems are supposed to be identified .
The first step to building a more effective government in Texas was the ability to produce fairly stated external financial reports .
The sun had n't risen yet , for the moon was shining daringly in the sky .
Data collection and analysis are concurrent and interactive in cast studies
Gerth left out important information to make his article seem better .
New Irish Cuisine is more popular than Dublin 's international restaurants .
Many questioned why he was painting with blood in the first place .
There has been several people who had to go for rehabilitation last year .
MLB teams have high value , one of the reasons being new facilities .
Sabbath is closed , but until next year .
As a result , the land was devastated by erosion .
You have the option of flying or taking the ferry .
The time for major construction projects .
Boomer self-obsession is one of the reasons for teen renaissance .
The girl will have most likely forgotten that period .
Some farm laborers were sampled .
The Czesiek had no experience in the matter .
France ended up not getting the salt pound .
Doing it this way took longer , but it was worth it .
There are no taxes .
I 've lived the last 11 years in Massachusetts so I 'm basically and honorary Yankee .
I would like to get a drink ?
there are other possible forms of transformation , but they are either slower or more expensive .
For many , this was considered the best position the US had ever been in financially .
After the first blow , your man would n't have remained conscious .
The people will be approaching from the south .
Age has made me more calm when I play sports .
Was it Sherlock Holmes ?
He is way too loud .
Do you not know ?
Derry had a passion for cybernetics .
All are reported as being completely and fully wanted .
If people repeatedly commit the same crimes , why bother letting them out ?
This fellow is flying a hot air balloon and is lost .
The British alternatively built houseboats but they were not luxurious .
Guys seem to like it way more than them .
I am asserting my membership in the club of Old Geezers because I am 95 .
Educational lay programs deal with law and justice .
The income tax laws need to be changed to make them fair .
Their supplies remained very low and hard to maintain .
I hate dancing , you know .
The NCAAP sent Saunders .
There are several private beaches off of Gloucester Avenue .
The two men looked mean .
GAO will never inform requesters of substantive media inquiries during an ongoing assignment .
What is predicted by prophecy , though sometimes unexpected , is always enjoyable .
that is n't correct
Raccoons , if they are escaped or abandoned , tend to go to the seaside - this is what has been happening for the past 20 years .
Oldman made himself a creature that bit everyone he saw .
There was no such thing as a bank .
A sign displaying both mph and kph .
I 'm glad I do n't work in a department store .
It could look like , as the teacher says , Dungeons and
Now we have the governor , there is no way she is going to do it .
Bergman does not know who Wigand is .
The face gets longer and thinner at the bottom throughout the generations .
You are inna hot air balloon with a man telling at yuou angrily
100 lawmakers switched their votes from no to yes upon learning that the advocate had lied about the circumstances of the procedure .
The DO concentration fell below .
He finally blurted something out .
Formentera 's premier resort village has swimming pools , bars and restaurants .
I rejected it as absurd but it persisted out of protest .
This was in 1928
Only after we finish the first side .
Agencies have been further restricted and given less choice in selecting contracting methods .
I could see downtown Dallas from where I lived in Wylie .
A majority of the questions referenced will need to be tailored to .
There were only two beds per room for the students .
The associates were not at level at the metaphor .
Zelon was founded over five years ago in New York .
In your opinion , do most states have that ?
Programs to decrease efficiency were consolidated .
Michael Mann made his directorial debut in it .
Germany 's air emissions must be reduced by 25 % .
KCBI does not play music , so I do n't listen to it .
The Pacific Rim studies only take place when one enrolls in a graduate program .
The prophet Mohamed died .
Grants are n't related to money .
You can not ever sub it .
The men who fix the power lines are never tested .
Carmel Man is still relatively well-preserved today , which is how we were able to estimate his age .
The city art gallery features ancient and famous paintings .
He took the fierce blade and the sheath as well .
I do n't care for what we have right now .
The call is coming from the attic .
It is not , of course .
So that 's what you could 've done if things had been different ?
Mercury exposure is dangerous , and can occur through the eating of fish .
The Detroit Pistons are not as good as they were last year , most of their good players left
While one is apologetic about it , there is nothing that can be done .
Occasionally mail is lost but not often
There is a plateau on the top , which is 650 meters long .
He said that the men were not here .
The people were wrong .
There 's a swath of mangrove swaps from Port-Louis to Pointe Pitre .
There has always been more than enough funding for such cases .
My worst subject in high-school was mathematics .
Can i give you assistance ?
I have moved somewhere else in my life .
The steps are covered in mossy and very slippy .
There are houses only from the 10th century on the Quai .
Visual arts have become enormously popular in this city .
We suggested initiatives to the CIO council
The management of the cafe is extremely lax .
The grammar was great .
You have to keep your cash and charge it .
A number of these are located on Chatham Road and around Cameron Strees in Tsim Sha Tsui .
George W. Bush and Bill Bradley are focused on individual wealth-holders
She smiled after being satisfied with how she looked .
We can acknowledge there is no fallout from globalization .
Most of the students of The University of Nevada are commuters .
He enjoyed being in London .
Banks were closing left and right .
They built the stations where people could enjoy them year-round .
On hot days , I wear a flannel shirt to the office .
Restaurants and cuisine are sorely absent in Dublin
A lady wrote me a check for 12 dollars and it went through with no issue .
That 's believable and mine would n't say differently .
Cirque du Soleil is all from America .
The Huaisheng Mosque is the oldest in China , dating back to 627 a.d.
There were no reports on the situation .
I like calling my friends for fun .
There was only one town in the oil fields .
Albino alligators are very rare in wild .
Congress determined that Commission should recover over $ 126 million in costs , which is 8.6 percent higher than the year before .
It did n't make it over the jump .
It is important to ensure good road conditions before leaving .
Air conditioning should not be an important factor .
Lawyers only pay if they are new or inactive .
The Bicurei Ha'etim Cellar exclusively teaches traditional Russian dancing .
There is a downside to the checks from Anthem Inc
The Results Act has strategic planning as a central feature for public organizations .
Daniel explained what was happening .
The colds are directly related to the temperature change .
The Huaisheng Mosque is gigantic in size .
It has become very easy for GAO to procure the records for audits .
The man did not know he was a judge .
There was a census in June of 1931 .
It 's been terrible speaking with you .
Sorbent-based approaches in development may be preferable to ACl .
He ate nothing else apart from wheaten bread .
Poirot responded to them categorically , like a machine .
In 2001 , LSC continued to play an active role in encouraging and supporting states ' technology plans
Yes , that 's absolutely true .
Someone else
The document as well as all security information was kept private .
The families attending the beach of Sainte-Anne commonly purchase seafood meals from the fishermen as they return with their catch .
That sounds kinda interesting to me .
India 's agricultural output has doubled in the last decade .
There are only residential houses on the street .
He made a mistake but concealed it so it was n't obvious .
He never found anything in any elementary books .
The man will always be remembered for his massive success .
The toxicity of a sample in the range-finding test might be very different from the toxicity in the follow-up test because solutions change depending on temperature .
Perhaps a tip would help refresh my memory ?
They did not think anything was wrong with the contributions not being disclosed .
The one measure makes it appear that it is static .
There is a wide selection of temples and palaces in India .
It is an honor .
I would cook and then the next turn would be his and we would try to outdo each other but sometimes we would get in a fight over things .
The FBI started aggressively investigating the Mafia after Hoover was born .
Disney 's CEO did n't contribute anything to pop culture .
Leonardo played a very serious straight laced character .
The information is secured .
He told me to wait until he opened the gate .
If the resources were there , it would be unthinkable for these programs to be turning so many people away .
Explanations , and to confirm findings .
IRS Restructuring and Reform Act has budget requests .
The girl touched her forehead .
A lot of legal aid cases go unassisted each year , so this needs to be fixed .
You have several choices besides a hard copy .
The area does n't have eight rivers , only four .
It 's necessary to do what 's needed to retain good people even after they get hired .
The exhibitions seem well-funded due to the elaborate detail of the gallery .
Working for Philip Morris is the same as criminal defense .
I think I 'll have to cancel .
I do n't think you lose any money if you got to counciling .
You let it air dry because it 'll smudge any other way .
Hi Mary , thanks for going to the restaurant with me yesterday , it was fun .
The Clear Skies act is to reduce carbon emissions into the planet , and will help the ozone layer significantly .
Nothing will be enough to explain his strong opinion .
Duke William failed to attend the consecration of Notre-Dame .
They ate a hearty breakfast before heading out for the day .
Our family has two sons in the public eye .
I spent 22 dollars on the parts , I think i got swindled .
Thorn told us we could leave them to die .
He examined it upon his hands and knees .
I do n't know any of the older ones .
Mr. Erlenborn 's favorite university is located in Chicago .
Steve Jobs never returned to Apple .
The campaign drew no funding
Most low-income people who need legal help in the community do not get it .
It 's anti-democratic and takes the decision-making away from the executive branch in DC .
The Tomb of Job Charnock may not be in the church cemetery .
The board includes those from the funding community and corporations .
The Qin Dynasty has the most expensive antiques for their unique style .
No trouble , the best policy .
The temperatures are going up and down every day .
The United States is unable to maximize their potential .
Senders will not under any circumstances pay air rates .
I 'm very interested in how the Dallas elections turn out since I 'm hoping to develop some land .
My choice of dishes were nothing compared to yours .
He is aware that the mines exist .
Clinton is the same person as Whitewater or Flytrap .
Of the numerous homes built into the hillsides , some are now art galleries and shops .
The report details nonfederal physical property
Agency which is responsible for the protection of the environment and the maintaining of national parks .
The wealthies ' have a much larger home than us .
The son and daughter had lost their father .
No control activities occur anywhere within the entity
Having her own furniture in the house made it much more comfortable for her . Yet still able get assistance if she needed it.They check on them two or three times a day and give their medication also .
This is so they can blow the most shit up .
The town has a lot of sparkling wine .
The request for proposal was in May 2002 .
We do n't have to do anything else but put the phone down , I think .
Opposite of North along the Caribbean .
That should be enough by itself .
The biggest barrier was thought to be how to change the culture
I 'm sure they did n't .
This edition of Time 's cover package discusses the determinants of good schools .
Emissions will increase from current emissions of 480 tons to a cap of 2600 tons in 2012 .
You need to travel southwest from Sant Francesc to reach Cap Berbera
The downsizing helped immensely in providing firms with these types of freedoms , though other factors contributed as well .
Newspaper writers need to be more factual and careful these days .
The Memphis campaign was tiny compared to Nashville 's
Yanomamo eats food .
I would like to go back to university .
Mademoiselle Cynthia often took milk or cream in her coffee .
Each of the windows she was looking at were large and brightly lit .
Your foundation is fine .
We 're going to run out of land space soon .
Alexander the Great funded the completion of the city .
Hall has extensively researched the role of other countries engaged in the same endeavor as the one Britain now leads .
The alpine frontier was separated from Italy by glaciers .
Are they hiring ?
The person asked if the woman came to him .
There was a lot to this movie .
He felt bad for doubting her .
The fact that Styles was at Bauerstein changes everything .
All request by people seeking to provide live testimony were granted .
Managers do n't ever gather information informally .
You can get Flubber at the dollar movies .
The road is dull , and best to be avoided .
Reality is so bland that the garbage business gets spiced up .
Her sauce is so complicated that she 's obsessed with perfecting each ingredient .
Slate will carry on as usually , publishing every week .
Station Jesus is meeting his maternal parent .
There are other places in Funchal .
The people round here are rather friendly to talk to .
I should have a couple different types of supplementation to cover all my bases .
The man will be remembered for failing .
The request for proposal was in 2002 .
It was no big deal .
A stoichiometry of 1.07 is typical when the FGD process is producing gypsum by-product
Visitors can hop between the two islands using the local ferry service .
Double pig .
The number of school students expelled is dependent on the availability of guns .
maybe I could volunteer to help coach sports since I 've helped all my children be successful in sports
it 's very light when it 's self propelled
A valley in the locality of Loire .
I felt very weasily .
He is cautious due to a lack of confidence .
The Praya is situated behind the ferry pier .
Poirot agreed with what I just said .
They claimed to have started the tradition on their own .
The bridge would work indefinitely .
I felt lonely and afraid on my last day in Louisian .
What are your feelings ?
I 'm sure that it 's never justified no matter how bad the crime .
The world was still and peace was known across the land .
Several discoveries have showed us the existence of archaebacteria on Mars .
Boats that are not flat-bottomed are illegal on the river .
This project pays better than most other student jobs .
He used to watch silent movies every Saturday .
They get socks more often than shirts .
Many modern cities host many different types of costumes .
Liberal democracy fits us well because we are political figures .
The Sea of Galilee has also been known as Lake Kinneret for hundreds of years .
Yeah you have to work on that .
I understand that I have to crawl through
The white house is fully tapped
It was the right church .
Gates tore down his house because he is not from the Seattle area .
Most produce is local and some is grown inside the restaurant .
The results will not be noticeable until further down the line .
There are lake sections that also function as places for wildlife conservation .
Go on and kill .
Madrid has a curfew that states that every citizen needs to be at home after 9PM .
Taking the subway is a good way to experience big city life .
The Crusaders captured the Holy City .
Memorandum M0010 was issued in 2000 .
She wore a coat and carried a small badge .
There are specific requirements for assessment .
Art Cooper lost his job as GQ editor shortly after .
Audit committees are not concerned with the oversight into internal and external auditors .
Regulations were revised by HCFA pertaining to the costs of graduate programs .
I 'm glad to hear that criminal will be out of our community soon , remarked my colleague .
I was n't present .
It was obvious where he was at .
Mademoiselle Cynthia always took lots of sugar in her coffee .
It is highly enlarges as you can observe .
Alcoholics are only difficult to treat if they are angry when intoxicated .
The Pedder Building in Central contains factory showrooms .
Western Michigan Legal Services got half a million dollars from them .
There is nothing there .
Broadway Books publishes all of Esther Dyson 's books .
SSA wants the authority to recover overpayments .
People are n't dedicated enough to grow their own savings .
You could auction off the right to another bundle instead of doing unaddressed mail .
It is a classic of the thriller genre .
The desert nomad was as nasty as always .
Yanomamo men have never killed anyone .
On what he 'd found in one elementary book , he 'd gone a long way .
Close to the kids
The Louvre and the Rijksmuseum are incredibly small galleries in comparison .
The government provides protection to minority groups .
Legal Aid backers were against the proposed bill .
We were very lucky to get the van given how new it was .
There may not be a decline in Postal Service volumes across -- the -- board .
There was no dirty work left then .
The hideous calvary makes Saint-Thégonnec a terrible example .
You grew up in Galveston .
He has private practices as well .
The CFO Council and the OMB are working hard on several priority initiatives .
The Learning Channel has shows for women .
Liberal democracy does not fit us well because we think communism is better .
A good example would be Keswick near Castlerigg .
Trust is important to not only getting members , but keeping them as well .
I 'll be able to get endorsements from Sonic if I put some work into it .
There is a place in Heftman Street that teaches Israeli folk dancing .
The broadway production of The Lion King was amazing , but audiences are getting bored .
The change of public health programs concerns people .
Is this reasonable to you ?
Even non Clinton supporters think Starr has gone too far .
Pepper is made wet in Las Salinas .
A martini must be composed by gin and vermouth , according to most baristas .
The exam is not that hard and a lot of people are going to talk about it .
High Crimes was carefully written and was not rushed .
My daughter never gets mad when I do that .
What I 'm doing now is torturous .
The Ark , a cultural center for kids , is located in Joyce Street .
The Illinois Equal Justice Foundation received nothing from the Illinois General Assembly .
If I were to have it appraised , it would have gone up .
The Irish oak from the park does not need to be held together with nails , it has natural adhesive abilities .
He was far away looking at Jon .
That 's true about the traffic .
The philosophy was to seize opportunities when the economy is doing well .
While they visited the islands , they never visited Jamaica .
Families with small children and fishermen with boats can be seen along the beach in Sainte-Anne .
He looked many years younger .
It wo n't affect their speed at all .
When I first started in the eighties you had to use punch cards .
It is important that I take care of my wife 's car .
She could see through the ghosts with ease .
Even though you 're correct , the jury might think differently .
They do not mean to flatten neighborhoods .
I thought I might hide in the crowd .
The Renaissance features are very easy to notice .
Life path .
In total , seven towers were built along the coast , and tourists can visit all of them .
And really new coins .
The historical cost is used in the rule .
It 's awful that they get stoned first , I argued .
I like it when they are giving you information in a novel or short story format .
Of course not
It is a rip off for 60 cents .
Radical socialism and isolationism was the primary aim of the party 's platform .
The Bell Curve authors made up some of their conclusions to bolster their hypothesis .
Most of the houses on Kastro date back to the 14th century .
Three major religions treat Temple Mount as very important .
This looks really bad but I have a plan .
We need to think more before making the decision .
Tuppence remained seated .
The security managers in the study joined in order to see what we were doing wrong .
Cases can be part of a legal matter .
No , no
The aniseed drinks are produced internationally .
The show is also about running through the forest .
Poirot was focused deeply on his thoughts .
I hope your office is up to your standards .
Mutahi ruled by showing force over his subjects .
They 're dreading it .
The weather could n't get away from the ground .
I drove home , took a shower , changed clothes and went back .
It 's not predictable .
Only you
People often stay on a job for different reasons than the ones they had for accepting the position .
The AICPA failed to act and we were forced to intervene .
Workers can not calculate how much they can expect from employer-sponsored pension plans .
The right of eminent domain is an advantage of the Postal Service .
In Exhibit 3 there are the total regional emissions od NOx and SO2 from all sectors .
I believe you are referring to retirement .
They wanted to show it was valid in different situations .
The United States currently enjoys high favorability among its European allies who trust it completely .
It does not include the mail sent in response to advertising .
They used a single clay pot to cook their food .
This is the best place to plant flowers .
It does n't hold many people .
He is my favorite and I never want to see anyone beat him .
The following are examples of how agencies can eradicate employee unions .
I think this is a decent newspaper , and the comics section is my favorite .
After the pious devotions , Monte regains normality for the rest of the year .
The impeachment process involved Clinton 's husband as well .
One of the ladies should go first .
There is a huge television screen above the coffee bar and cafe .
One route , that takes half an hour , passes through a treacherous ravine guarded by a pack of wolves and overlooked by vultures .
There are n't many things to look at here or at the ruined monastery .
Maybe it would be a good idea if we prepared a militia .
The Ptolomies built many temples that were as big .
That gives assurance that you 've got a prescription .
Nur Jahan 's father served as the Prime Minister of Mughal .
The roads are always in good condition .
Men who could show strength and cunning had their pick of fertile females .
Mrs. Inglethorp was cold and shivering .
Steve Jobs unretired in 2002 .
The Spanish Palace has a round court inside .
Having Two sons in public puts strains on our family 's privacy .
The students had strong reactions .
San ` doro was running away so he did n't have to fight .
You can get a head start on it .
The IRS has to get a record of the time .
This is a math equation .
The resorts in the national park are the most exclusive in the country .
Most thieves are desperate .
The park changed names due to the independence .
Much of the material , but not all of it , is donated by him .
John Kasich got cancer and had to drop his bid .
Hillary never knew anything .
He was looking off the edge to see how far the drop was .
Strychnine is a drug that works very quickly .
That 's true traffic is too intense here .
People interact less when they play a game of baccarat compared to blackjack .
Other experts give their opinions through time warp from past administrations .
It does n't seem worth the effort because the oil filter 's out of reach .
People like billiards .
Shall I send your soul into a mandrake root ?
Adaptions are always valued
I like the Lakers , Milwaukee and Atlanta , basketball is my favorite sport .
Who was with you ?
You know , we 're still in the summer time .
Mary , have you tried any barbecue restaurants lately ?
I have no friends who work in the medical field .
Any multi-pollutant bill is supported by the Administration .
Of course not .
She looked very vibrant as she stood next to the banister .
Lower and upper PMSD limits were determined via a random draw from a magician 's hat .
There are seven strategies discussed in the paper .
The Gucci and Versace stores have been locked in fierce competition to capture the hearts and minds of our guests .
He may look like an amateur but he had experience
There are boats close to bars and restaurants .
It 's in Georgia but it 's a very long distance from Macon .
She said that she is always sentimental .
The Coast Guard is in charge of opening bridges .
He slowed down to let the horse by .
We still have three more weeks of counseling left even if everything seems positive .
IQ boosting can be done through fetal replacement in the first trimester .
All evidence pointed towards the prisoner being the one to try and hide poison in the drawer .
The report was well done
The Christian Democrats were not able to maintain their power .
I am not picky about what kind of food I eat I just do n't want to travel far .
Something was approved by the office of affairs .
They are all over .
Poirot called upon Monsieur Lawrence .
The unite Italy movement was waiting for a leader .
There was fighting over Singapore because it was so valuable to trade .
Adrin was seen cocking a pistol in each hand out of the corner of his eye .
They were inferior because they lacked knowledge .
I like to make the cocoa and then drink it with whipped cream .
We are discussing this topic with more than just the original organizations .
That 's not true .
The people of the Himalayas and Bay of Bengal are n't concerned about reserving nature .
She was a good mistress .
It hosts a sculpture of Venus and one of the Emperor Hadrian .
It features less than 20 outlet stores with designer fashions .
The manufacturer has devised a clever way of getting kids to keep buying card packs even when they have piles of them by only having a few , random rare cards per pack .
Some readers may find the novel to have sentimental parts .
The Beginning of Punditus Interruptus
We plan to buy one of those tomorrow .
Because Tokyo Joe does n't tell people about the money he has lost he gets more investors .
Exercise is supposed to do that .
Tuppence made a face , then smiled .
Bettelheim killed himself in 1990 .
The speculation has been ignored recently .
Four years later , Clinton understands how to look presidential .
The Kal 's grunt was heard by Ca ` daan .
The monster stood behind them in silence and spoke not a word .
The Sons of Egg attacked him in the hospital and were trying to reach the camp , but they never would .
Did you wear pants to work today ?
The hospital set up in the Selimiye Barracks is no longer standing .
These top dogs face two tough financial challenges .
First-Class Mail used by households to pay their bills
Adrin 's arms were tangled , keeping his axes away from Kal .
I really want a camper .
Cromwell send them to the Caribbean .
I 'll go there for two months straight because the attention is amazing .
I watched the Ed Sullivan Show when I was ten-years-old .
Their goals have become ineffective as India modernizes .
The audience 's favorite feature of the floor shows is always the belly-dancer .
Their services might be more effective if they 're done in the ED .
The beautiful exterior was restored in 1967 .
SSA wants the authority to recover underpayments .
Mistakes can be made when taking historical events out of context .
I add cocoa powder and boil it for seven minutes .
The Spanish map of 1776 shows the War of the Roses between the British and nation of India .
He saw Jon was asleep .
Nur Jahan 's father was the Prime Minister of Mughal for 20 years .
We should n't bother preparing a militia .
The vandals only stole the stones on onyx .
I have no clue how you feel , madam .
50 % is secured
Tommy had been downcast for days .
We have comprehensive global reporting standards that reflects the globalization of economies , and markets .
Programs in Michigan receive one-year grant terms .
The company later told us that it had discontinued the program because low morale hurts productivity .
Credit cards can be lifesavers in cases of an emergency .
A couple of groups will work from the location .
The levadas were built by the slaves .
Sphinxes were put in the tombs to protect the dead .
The sampling basis method is more efficient and cost effective .
The countryside is very lovely and peaceful .
Simmons said that nobody told the landlord to fix the property .
Facilities include the bathrooms and the all you can drink bar .
LSC recipients are the only ones qualified to analyze such models .
Growth was stifled , and most of the population could n't find work .
The good news is that the puppy 's life was able to be saved .
I do n't care if it makes sense to you or not .
They process the written request the day it is received .
Regulation is a possibility because lawmakers are changing their opinions .
I am intimidated by Simulacra because he killed my father .
There are n't any ferries to Discovery Bay .
No one is going to bother you about your new haircut .
There was a question for the audience on Monday .
The prayer will take place at eight .
The biggest barrier was thought to be how to change the culture , however this was n't the only barrier which was involved .
A poverty law fundamentals manual was created .
Funchal 's focal point is the huge choice of different shops and goods in the center of the island .
You 'll need to buy a map in advance of arrival to find them .
They will all be going to a nightclub in New York City .
This was the perfect time for an entree .
Rarely visited , Kom Ombo is a strange temple devoted to two gods .
My mother had to work hard to take care of the family .
Who had told them that Jane Finn had acquired the papers ?
Las Vegas appeals to multiple types of people .
Someone is looking for ideas to bring back the opinion leaders of yore .
The Malay rulers directed administrated their own tin mines .
We heard right then that the woman was actually fired for her sexual preferences .
Do you have the address for Mr. Whittington ?
My group was the very last group to get laid off .
Tel Aviv , Jaffa , Akko , Akko , Netanya , and Nahariya offer no dinghies .
Both of the extensive , individual shots are being posted at the same time ?
American parents often dream of being professional parents .
The cushion can not be depleted and there is not going to be another recession .
George 's stance on air strikes has gained a large pundit following .
The Task Force on Civil Equal Justice Funding was created in 2001 .
Overlying the others ?
I asked for my money back , after Landsburg 's piece .
There are three strategies discussed in the paper .
Lincoln kept his hat on .
In the war we never set out to conserve oil .
We planted lots of different flowers in San Antonio .
Im not officially an acting process engineer but I do the work of one .
It 's cheap to bring it to a dealer .
They go with any weapon .
It is not possible to determine WTP by asking respondents .
I was watching a program about gardening .
It is better to force infants to eat during the day time .
Buying Pokemon cards is gamified in such a way as to lure kids into buying more packs so they can get rare cards .
The Hindus peacefully protested against the Sikhs .
Getting ready to attack , he has his eyes on Jon .
Wallace was reelected as governor .
It is miraculous God still provides for us to this day .
The states of Sabah and Sarawak committed mass genocide of their indigenous populations .
Customers of other hotels can access the facility 's beach for a small fee .
Speaker Gingrich thinks there is a linear connection between volleyball and freedom .
Wordsmithing and mathematics are not related enough to go together .
Eggshell worship is the reason we 're growing too weak to fight the Satheri , yet Dave asked about it .
As someone from an older generation , I feel like things have changed .
The are a bunch of possible alternatives for the rule .
Net cost for education programs can be calculated as a way to decrease productivity .
The information in the guide is up-to-date .
It will never happen .
Until that time Hinduism had been rigid and cold .
Most restaurants and bars do not have a musical element .
He snapped something to be as long as his forearm .
The volunteers had to write it down with pen and paper as there were no computers to use .
India 's industry is modernizing .
Only a man who stayed with one female spread his genes most efficiently .
The customers were just one of many reasons .
Many huge museums can be found in the country .
Sometimes we throw the newspaper away without reading it .
Revenue is spent on forfeited property .
The government spends a lot of money on health care .
There is a chance that I have to crawl through things .
This city has the largest variety of costumes .
I sometimes believe that they should be more limited .
When the sunlight pierced through the branches , her hair turned a darker shade of red .
How did you work out from that text that there was a new will ?
A detailed plot , written in English , is always available and an audio commentary is sometimes available .
Educational lay programs deal with justice for minorities .
Natalia , knowing that it could be very dangerous to venture forth with him , asked Greuze if it was really wise to take him down there , thinking that it may not be completely safe to continue on at the moment .
The arches on either side of the structure are spaced evenly .
It is rare for GAO to do something as a professional courtesy .
The Flamingo would cease to host any more events .
Mothers can go many hours without nursing .
Winter is all year long .
Statues of the Gods were carried by boat along the river .
Your man stayed conscious even after the first blow .
High interest rates increase the debt of the average individual .
The branching paths are to either prosecute or release .
I shook my head multiple times .
I work in the weather station , so I know all about the predictions for the weather this summer .
Parties could or could not include
There are several self-guided tours of Dublin for tourists to choose from .
We could annex Cuba , but they would n't like that .
There was an increase in volume of 13 .
Americans are not saving much .
Most plants are already up to code .
The best place to shop is the shopping centre that surround Place Darcy and Rue de la Liberty .
Memorandum M0010 was issued by INS .
Deferred Maintenance in Millions of Dollars , as of September 30 , 199Z :
The FDA believes there is a link that connects them to the disease .
I had been working all day long for a camp .
It 's discount name designer outlet stores are very popular .
He is the largest donor of materials .
Yeah they did a great job with making that person grow old from 5 to 20 years old , except that last part , you totally knew who that actor was .
The US was a net creditor before 1986 because of its foreign asset holdings .
I had a full time position at Bent Waters .
The speaker is answering no to a question .
The Food and Drug Administration has strict requirements .
The red glow painted everything around them after the rain had stopped .
Critics believe John Frankenheimer 's miniseries is fast and loose with history .
Nationwide legal services have a surplus of funding from both state and local governments .
The final rule had a federalism assessment that was added through executive order .
Beaune is the best place to buy for artists of all levels .
They gather and interpret the material fairly and argue rationally about it .
The Standard covers similar territory about minorities .
Finance organization calculated data about every other organization .
It is legal aid 's dedication to justice every year .
Since you love learning new things , would you like to visit some historic places , museums , and art galleries ?
I was told something that was not in my biography , some sort of secret .
Mr. Curnin said that people are going to talk about the exam .
In 1917 , the Brittish General Allenby surrendered the city using a bed-sheet before committing suicide .
She confessed , `` Sitting up at night is a rather jumpy experience . ''
The Nile River Bus will not take you to Old Cairo .
The Government Executive articles include profiles of notable government employees .
The Royal Opera performs a variety of other shows , not just Palestrina .
The story will be told tomorrow .
But there are two kinds of the pleasure of doing , and the pleasure of not doing .
The man did not plead the Fifth .
She stated that they remained calm and sane .
I wish I was able to see more of that program .
The manuscript about Gododdin 's accomplishments is written as a fourteen stanza poem .
oh , does it really cost that much ? sure it does
The early times saw the popularity of the arts explode .
These immigrants never need legal assistance .
A search has been conducted for an AIDS vaccine .
Things slowed down because there were not enough people to assist .
The two cities had a railway between them that made travel easy .
Do n't say a word .
The Amalfi coast is far from Positano .
This data is used to model the behavior of access costs and is the standard model worldwide
You do n't have to pay attention and may fall asleep without the fear of a mistake .
Streamlining operations is one of the areas in which the teams can assist .
It really works out well , she had all her own furniture and stuff , so she felt like it was her own home . This made her much more comfortable with the situation .
It has great views of the city and very sleek furniure in the lobby .
Nothing is on sale here .
I 've never itemized before because it 's too difficult .
New York Times front page includes one story about the government 's first post-deregulation attempt to preserve competitiveness among airlines .
Ordinary French citizens were not concerned with the disputes among nobles .
Integration of primary screens will prevent patients from leaving early .
Foreign tourists find that Italy has style and elegance .
Both were operated by editors who fancied rock stars as modern poets .
The borders of Iran are closed .
GM lost a lot of money in labor disputes but was victorious in the end .
With this small of an age gap , charges should not be pressed .
Researchers have found a lifetime extension of SCR De-NOx catalysts .
Now we have the governor and she is going to do that .
Reich refers to a chart that he understood well .
The man made lots of noise .
It looks like the proportion of LC to AO mail is less for inbound mail than for outbound , said the manager .
It does n't hold many people so it was standing room only .
The Lions of Delos were made out of clay .
He was not slow to change the subject but before he did he added that there was a similar situation a couple weeks before .
Chapter 1 introduces Albert Einstein .
A book was written about Tommy O'Connor .
The biggest barrier was thought to be how to maintain the culture
The public has great confidence , despite the situation .
I considered but decided against taking zinc .
I think I have shared too much information with everyone , so next year I will share less .
Taco salad was an American invention , and it 's not popular in Mexico because of that .
Jon never looked at Barnam .
The program makes it so that low-income plaintiffs can find legal representation .
The avenue does not lead farther than the Grand Vezir 's Ofiice .
The Senate was respectful of the presidential nominees .
There are many ways to get Emily out of the way .
Researchers found that approaching policy via qualitative methods was to be preferred over other methods .
2466 discusses four collections and 2467 discusses the consequences of them .
Her eyes closed but she is smiling .
Mr. Franklin was always calm and collected and took situations very well .
There is no representation for workers .
Businessmen spend more time in Paris and its immediate surroundings than inventors do .
A lot of trays are small and useless .
Lack of response from California .
Rep. Charles Rangel wants all KKK members to do 90 years in prison .
Some security managers wanted to improve their information security programs , so they joined the study .
I can keep you without any consequences .
The runs are small compared to the improvement in service .
The people who pulled down the statues were executed .
Located in Loco Parentis .
We know the Bronze Age started around 3200 b.c. because royals were starting to be buried with bronze treasure .
The values always change
He had spotted Adrin preparing to fire his pistols .
The fiscal situation among European nations is perfectly okay .
Some people who eat unhealthy foods are not sick .
Nothing happens when a marriage creates a new family .
The Midlothian Ski Centre is the smallest artificial ski slope in Europe .
I know exactly what the weather is like in Lewisville .
The information obtained by the GAO is unsecure .
Neither side is actually interested in a settlement at this time .
I was sure I was right .
You do n't have to use punch cards anymore .
Various people have used it as a fortress , as can be seen from the layers of masonry .
Trust is never important for recruiting or retaining any of the members .
There are n't any swimming pools past the arched gateway .
Do it before Summer , then it gets too hot like it did last July when we planned to do it .
The campaign of Russia led to a major defeat .
L.A has no Garment District since the Cooper Building was turned into an ice skating rink .
Clinton was embarrassed of the dirt he purposefully tracked on to the floor .
Nobody agreed that alcoholics were difficult to treat or that alcoholism was a treat-able disease .
I listen to wrap everyday and has been my favorite genre for 15 years .
They were all sick and tired from the heat and a lack of water .
Four minutes that felt like infinity finally passed .
I will never forget that . You can have that on your own or share with a family .
Lesser known organizations were previously identified .
Medicare costs are projected to rise .
When his mother died , the Brodkeys took him in .
Koreans and Japanese have no tension between them .
What you see on the surface is all of it .
Though large airlines are making a big profit , they arent any more productive .
Simmons lives in New York and schmoozes fashion designers .
It looks like we 're running low , but there 's plenty more in the next room .
The guy was worried about my safety .
It 's a situation where you need the car the next day .
You 've taken up the last 5 minutes .
Everything is a disaster .
We will publish new standards when and if the AICPA fails to act .
News of it being gone left them devastated .
Lasted too long
If we do n't find her soon , she might be left for dead .
He sped up .
Safed is located in the bottom of a valley .
You 've done better than anyone else .
I had a German Shepherd that once did that .
They had drank too many beers .
Thousands of auditors across the country have visited the site in recent weeks .
He needs to match what his customer want .
I have never gotten around to taking lessons .
Some find the experience is n't worth the price .
Punditus Interruptus , The Second Chapter
His rule is out of the norm and troubling .
Blue mountain National Park is preventing farmers from working there because the park already has farmers .
The buildings for the two programs are approximately one block apart .
When she came back to her door she found something waiting .
Liberal democracy may not fit some people as good as it fits us .
Only 3 people came .
The paper was number 1738 .
I am a fit person .
The number looks low in my opinion , but it is possible to get to an agreement .
Not ever auction over charges the buyer or under pays the seller .
Yeah , you go ahead , okay .
I am assuming that you did do so ?
I am unable to jump since of the pain .
They enjoyed the movie .
The Camargue has forever been lost to rising sea levels thanks to warming-induced climate change
The sight of the abbey atop a rock in the sea is a stunning view .
The pundits had written them off .
The contrasting and diametrically opposed factors joined together .
Rome was invaded by the Visigoths .
The abbey is not of great height and lacks a steeple .
Attention Deficit Disorder did n't seem as prevalent before Ritalin was around .
You do n't want to be subjected to more marketing calls .
Organizational structure is n't one of the issues that the team has been known to assist with .
He talked to Tommy .
The grants flow from a Nonprofit Capacity Building program at the foundation , exemplifying a trend among philanthropists to give money to grow organizations and then to take them over .
Jon was too slow and the sword got him in the stomach .
The fortress was built by the medieval French in 1173 .
There are mountains near to the border with Brunei .
There is not much in the way of live entertainment .
Euston train station .
The entrance to the nave is bland with no works of art in sight .
My choice of dishes were better than yours but yours were good too .
Fujiwara dominated many emperors and is renown for his success as a warlord .
The spaceships came from nowhere .
The press has done a great job of covering hot-button issues people want to learn about .
Sir James strode off , exclaiming that he did n't need any help .
It matters not if children are involved .
Economic growth has been increase quickly in recent years as knowledge is being spread faster and more efficiently .
King Farouk was exiled because of the dangerous condition in Egypt at the time .
Many slaves were used to work the sugarcane fields .
White people in Salisbury , N.C. do n't believe it .
How much screen time does Robin Williams get in the movie ?
There are no mission schools left in Honolulu .
NOx can not move far from its source , so it does not contribute to ozone .
There are numerous different control activities .
I received a business card on the day of my deadline .
The tour guardian will not allow anybody inside .
The young woman we encountered has taken a job as a live-in domestic .
West along the Caribbean .
The national association of state information represents state chief information .
They takes months to perfect their beer , handcrafting each batch .
No , Dave Hanson , you were too important to us .
The pundits did not consider them to be a contender anymore .
Santorini has three smaller sibling islands .
Turns out , I was wrong and wished I had worked on Bob 's campaign .
The sculpture reliefs in the Vishnu temple depict stories about the Pallava kings .
Republicans do not thing anyone will want Reed 's talents .
Certain passages within the thin-paged book will throw some light on the extraordinary mentality of this great man .
The spot leaves the viewer pondering the stories resolution and how the condom fits in .
Neither they nor I work at TI .
I feel like something or someone is terrifying him .
They have no issues , big or small , to address .
The Ark is primarily intended for children ages 5-13 .
Don Juan de Esquivel murdered Diego in 1505 in order to become Governor .
Bergman was turned onto Wigand by the government .
The climate in Santorini is not conducive to tomato farming .
I will hang him with glee .
They were in completely separate rooms at breakfast time .
The article was written in a crass manner .
They were not far from Loco Parentis .
Winter is the only good time of year to hike or walk in the Aegean region .
Of the people we contacted , all of them said that agencies ' current practices were fine .
Madam Regent had good grades when she attended mission schools .
That might possibly be fair .
This report has good news in it .
The way they drafted last year was a surprise to me .
The corners of her mouth tightened and her brow furrowed as she promised him that she would someday .
Nancy Rogers is involved in the state 's project .
I only had to paint the house once .
Even though this book has flaws , I think it 's a good thing .
The person forgot about the revolution .
What is your worst memory ?
It is not far to go to find good drink , gorgeous views , and live music .
Pfizer will look to become the worst car dealership in northern Montana under the CEO 's leadership .
She was sitting on a chair .
Charles Brooke 's men did not take well to the austerity resulting from his leadership style .
Everything is dead in winter .
The space was totally empty and had no remains in it .
The country 's history is completely different than other countries ' histories .
The mini-anti-aggressor is going to make an impression on Wednesday .
These sites have nothing to do with George W. Bush 's website .
Pakistani poppy growers are mad at the government .
every aspect of it was good
The hospital believed that her name was Jane Finn .
Entirely possible .
Israel won the war and Jerusalem .
Empires are too large to fail and can not quit just because they are struggling financially .
The differing assumptions of the analyses resulted in different estimate than noted .
Communists infiltrated Washington during the Cold War .
Vacco is a Senator from NY .
Take the road that heads directly away from the coast and to the city .
Some analysts wanted to make the old standards toughter .
There is usually creative use of gore and the impact on the emotions is not decreased .
Treasure Beach is on the South Coast of the island .
Tommy was paralyzed into a depression .
Trial Living Plants
We never discussed the Nazi angle .
It took less than 22 months to replace Unit 5 .
Aswan was no longer a power base for the Egyptian Empire .
To see this kind of treatment of animals , it is good to help resolve it .
Tech is known as a good place for engineering , but I think that it is overrated .
You 're the Top Porter intentionally ignored the potential for realism .
There was only one clue in Pennsylvania and it had nothing to do with the boy .
Tuppence wanted to know what the plan was ?
The pirate Bertrand de Montluc avoided the wealthy island owing to its heavily armed garrison .
There are no palaces in Honolulu that can be toured .
It could be that they are not playing well that night .
The gap of genders .
The Bossi marble fireplace was designed in Italy .
There have been no new developments to technology .
GTE spent a lot of money to acquire Tigon .
Groups were formed to coordinate training around the state .
Just like you , I 'm invested in what goes into them even if you are not there .
Scientists ruled out the possibility that the meteorite contained life .
Factors include the passage of time , the rate of inflation , or geographic location .
The museum is also very inspiring to its visitors .
The New York Jets beat the Broncos .
Making myself an exhibit is not an option .
The rate of processing just reached the rate of housing , it used to be way below that .
The paper does n't employ any journalists .
Marriage is irrelevant .
Istanbul is still considered a third world country .
Let 's have coffee .
Federal refers to national and state refers to local , duties and responsibilities may vary between Federal and State levels .
The doctors will most likely say to use a splint brace .
I camped out of my car when I was homeless .
Naxos is a place with beautiful scenery for leisure .
None of the musicians I like are recent .
Their ancestors were poor farmers that never owned a slave and rarely even saw one .
Tommy was keeping a calm demeanor , though his mind was racing with thoughts of escaping .
That is not very attention grabbing .
San ` doro 's words were hollow , and Jon knew the truth of that immediately .
The household definition can be simplified .
They used an ice cream truck to try and keep it from getting warm .
You 're not okay now .
Experienced pilots pilot these low-drafted craft .
The siege was very effective , and the Zealots began to starve to death .
Opening of floodgates of Western culture after such prolonged isolation had a traumatic effect on Japanese society , as the Tokugawa shoguns had feared .
People simply prefer to be comfortable inside rather than outdoors in the sweltering heat .
I would like to buy a car with the seat belts under the door .
The building sweat on his brow reflected the sunlight brightly .
They can not restrict timing of the release of the product .
Safed is a historically old village .
A meteor could n't strike down in a sane world .
Colorful woodblock prints and scroll paintings can be found in a variety of stores and markets .
The Romans infiltrated Ibiza .
Some images part of the original design were susceptible to idolatry .
Iraq was an unavoidable situation
There are just two applications for case study methods .
There 's no point in following politics or voting because your vote wo n't actually make a difference .
They 'll ask you why you did n't do something more mainline .
The GAO 's recommendations are intended to negatively impact the effectiveness of an agency .
Same-agency funded services will provide greater insight than different-agency funded services and should be marked accordingly .
There 's no reason for you to be asking for me like this .
Farmers and loggers are attempting to work on Blue Mountain National Park and John Crow National Park .
The Ile Saint-Louis is adored by the poor in Paris .
The GAO 's website is extremely slow and hard to navigate .
Desktop computing is one the main focus areas .
The spears were covered in mud .
Was anyone with you ?
The knowledge base will give them information needed for the product to be developed .
I 'll go there for two months straight , we wo n't go anywhere else .
They are the best team in the league , by they are not my favorite .
The chain hit the woman 's arm .
My endorphins were flowing .
I 'm sure it would n't take very long to question the person .
It is normal for the temperature to be one hundred ten degrees in West Texas .
I was utterly moved by Landsburg piece .
There was a rent place where the strange absence of color indicated a hole over them .
The 1941 fire spared the Drawing Room .
They were sad to see the costs go up 80 % in a year .
I said no to him several time , utterly surprised by the change of events .
All of the great bazaars are bustling at all times .
I could get along with having six hours of sleep every night .
Older kids may find the park on the hill of Monte unremarkable .
He claimed that she had a home quilting business that made $ 132,000 each year .
Otherwise it was put in the alcohol you gave her .
He 's able to get me a 20 % discount .
The new museum was built around two years ago , and showcases Scotland 's natural history .
It gives a breakdown of both the costs and impacts of the scenarios .
Jon was sweating from his brow .
During the morning at eight .
The Japanese were merely following their version of America 's manifest destiny .
Would you like to visit historic places , museums , and art galleries ?
The Ming punch bowl is used at employee parties .
The experiments gave the same results as random chance .
The henry kaiser foundation shows that people hate their healthcare
The University of Hawaii became known as the site for advanced studies .
The money saved will be used to grow the company internationally over the next 5 years .
Football is active in the summer .
The full text of public comments is available within the AMS system .
Asthma patients have a difficult time with health .
A stoichiometry of 1.03 is typical when the FGD process is producing gypsum by-product
The public cared more about her actions than her empathy .
Octavian was Julius Caesar 's favorite , and he helped him a lot .
Tapa is an old word that means a bite of food .
In order to increase revenue the CEO will fire many employees .
Depreciated capital does not need to be replaced .
All companies give money to congressmen and senators .
I think most states have that .
My article simply implies that real earnings growth reflects only retentions and that dividend growth must be zero or that valuation techniques are unused for firms which do n't pay dividends .
They had been my favorite team .
There were two men sitting near the door .
He walked .
The Mafia were not aggressively investigated before Hoover 's death .
All the critics agree with Harris ' viewpoints on women 's sexuality .
Adaptions are n't always valued
Some people possess emotional distress to varying degrees .
In the market itself , merchants measure out and sell spices and grains in many different colors .
`` Do n't hold at all ! '' was Tommy 's only message .
San ` doro spoke .
They were weapons used to kill .
The rooms are drab , dull , and not elegantly appointed .
Critics believe Goodman played a great father in this role .
Only one letter from readers is published weekly and there is an editorial offered for it .
The winner of last year 's pennant was someone from California
SCR installs only have NOX SIP to comply with .
The guy is a pig farmer in Iowa .
Without World War 1 , Malaya would be a poorer country .
Early 17th-century tower house is within the castle , restored with Irish oak from the park , which is held together without a single nail .
I do n't think he hacked into anything .
They knew what they were talking about .
Mathematics is the most important aspect of polling .
It costs $ 100 to golf just 9 holes !
Some people are mentally abused .
The chimneys on the roof and entirely perceivable and not at all disguised .
You have absolutely no doubt whatsoever that it will not be a deterrent
You did n't mean to do that , did you ?
These two story are causing an uproar among wide audiences .
Gore has worked on healthcare with Clinton for six years .
That 's the operational cost .
The picnic area is not near a stream .
The Postal Service has a lot of market power in every state except Hawaii .
Next Sunday is going to be the 28th .
I am fit and healthy .
The knife was on his back .
So far , the trials in Houston have been a success .
It 's one of those situations where I end up making everyone unhappy .
The Chinese communist government abolished opium smoking due to its health effects .
The Parthenon does look similar to this design .
In this tough economy , primary funding for Maryland 's legal aid has suffered and thus seeking special assistance from the state has become necessary .
I have taken up the last 5 minutes .
The tunnel of Eupalinos is only one foot in diameter , barely large enough for a child to squeeze through .
It is thought that the Holy family took refuge here , after having returned from Egypt .
It can entail prospective and retrospective designs for individual case studies for small busineses .
There is nowhere in Eilat where you can hire windsurfing equipment .
misinterpretation is the same as being bias .
Guru Tengh Bahadur died without an heir .
Alan Tonelson has lived in the U.S. his entire life .
I enjoy biking at least 10 miles when I visit my daughter .
Everyone loves using the USPS .
You must travel two miles via the avenue to the sea .
Shrinking .
Limited innovated will be a major advantage for our firm .
I frowned and cried hysterically .
The HI and SMI Trustee reports also include economic condition forecasts .
We looked for more evidence about the Nazi angle .
Those four minutes felt like infinity , due to the anticipation that everybody felt .
Professors can be thrown off track by four particular sentences in an otherwise plagiarized paper .
Over a hundred boats are parked at the pier .
The building of the twenty mastic villages was completed in the late 15th century .
Flyers are an invasion of privacy .
Various episodes depict that he is a member .
Philipsburg has control over many salt pounds .
The greens in Asia minor were able to stay in their homes .
Good Oklahoma has no programs for supplying lawyers to those who need them .
Personal savings is not influenced by tax provisions .
Some organizations said that agencies should have more consistent organization .
If i want to grow grass in the shade , do i need a special seed that will grow in the shade ?
The man never noticed the girl was there .
The author began with a set of theories about the ways in which agency management can go right .
It is very difficult to learn the dance as an adult .
There are n't any lectures in the list of events .
If the United States had maximized their potential .
Yes , it 's allowed and they do it often .
They closed our account when we paid it off all the way to zero .
Native Americans and migrant workers do not have any special areas .
Court officials include the phone numbers of legal aid departments because it will help those who ca n't afford to pay lawyers .
A specialist from Paris will meet me in New York
Every time I try to go bowling there are leagues only .
This is the official solution to the alien problem we have had to contend with .
Las Vegas is a tourist city in multiple layers .
They only take cash , which can be inconvenient .
They are all right but not great .
Everything was finished .
Local advertisements are beautiful .
Do n't look too much into it .
It has covered the majority of the space .
It ruins the fun .
The risk assessment methodology uses a matrix of risk potential .
I have only been here for two years .
I try not to use insecticides because I 've read many disconcerting things about them
I have also , and it somewhat interested me .
No literature was used in this instance .
it was definitely deserved
This is the first time he 's added such a track .
Some Africans will starve and others will flourish .
The restaurant also features international food .
It was already hot and was going to get hotter .
Wealthy parents are necessary for school .
The world was exploding in front of me .
The Greek people were in danger .
The City Hall was built so close to the terminal to help visitors find City Hall easily .
The damage to the stock market can get much worse when prices increase .
Paper products .
The FTA had sought out comments on these requirements relating to the proposed rulemaking .
The rules place a high burden on the activities of small entities .
Charlotte has always been overly segregated .
The discussion was very bland to me .
He has feelings for what was done to the Voth .
Beijing sought to create a good relationship with Hong Kong .
That does n't seem fair .
These discussions involve a secret plan to take over the world .
I am not certain .
The Midlothian Ski Centre is in the area of Hillend .
The employee did not get their job back .
Exhibit 17 has 2 rows .
Ancient writings do n't show an accurate picture of Indo-Anryan society , making it look too kind .
There was a beautiful artist who painted the landscape of the central highlands .
Management reform is needed
Several discoveries have showed us the existence of archaebacteria and the places on and off earth you 'd least expect them to call home .
My PC is used as an emulator for a mainframe terminal .
55 miles is the average for a rural route .
It is not possible for net foreign investment to improve .
Large machetes are used to cut the fish up for buyers .
There is nothing in Funchal .
Jon was happy that Jane was not going to the dance .
Conspiracy theorists have a lot of evidence that Mastercard wants to control all your data .
The bolts were blue .
What are you thoughts on firearms ?
The Bank of Ireland is down the street fro the statue
He ran for Decatur County Court unopposed .
Limited funds can be overcome through service coordination .
The area is completely devoid of life .
The Philadelphia Eagles is an underdog .
Though the FCC is still waiting for SBA approval , they have decided to create just one tier .
Bork was waiting for the return of his wife , who had been lost .
On cool days , I wear a flannel shirt to the office with jeans .
Some types of fish are easier to catch in my boat .
I go and bowl all the time , there are never leagues in the way .
People who eat unhealthy foods are not sick are lucky , so far .
The media reported on Lingett 's admission that cigarettes cause cancer in all users .
`` Did you get this object by persuading her of our intentions ? ''
In both Britain and America the term covers almost everyone .
I could n't quite master camping because of my traumatized past dealing with the woods and bears .
People are always very indifferent to the magazines I 've put out .
Drinks are each $ 14 .
Scientists gave animals irradiated chicken and they all died quickly .
Dublin 's self-guided tours are not easy to follow .
He shot his gun at the man .
The lawmakers considered many other factors of the procedure to make their votes .
GAO has a ROI of $ 12 for every dollar that is spent .
Tourist officers are a good place to visit even if you 're an adventurous tourist .
Grantees check out cases to see if they meet requirements .
Many charities are spend their money very unwisely .
The biggest payment was a few million dollars .
Funding has to be secured .
I know a little about them , but they are not may favorite team .
Congress has better judgement than Agency rulemakings .
The government is not involved in the protection of citizens .
J. thinks there is no difference between pests and airlines .
In Texas , the legislature was n't an instrumental factor in changes to the benefits program .
I do think it will be a good lesson .
Star Pitiful Helpless Giant is a show on WGN .
A long time ago there were two worlds called Thar and Erath .
Fasulye is made from lamb and a variety of spices .
L.A. offers everything .
Your only option is to get a hard copy .
There is no need for the government to create incentives just to recruit new people .
The entire village was attracted to the farmer 's wife .
The older you get , the more you want conveniences like a comfy bed .
The phone modem was easy to set up and use .
The government spends very little on health care .
I really need your help with figuring out how to apply this .
Right , possibly .
The branch was positioned in the right position on purpose .
The most accurate accounts of pre-Roman Etruscans .
She hated the restaurant !
It makes sense to keep the service tiers because they are easily understood by the client .
There was no shortage of complexity to the issue at hand , but it was n't one that could n't be solved by one well-thought out track .
This is an estimate of closed cases .
Life will be great for subsequent generations if our generation goes without debt .
Improved products are riskless
He could have made an issue , but did not
The dates on it were rubbed off .
staff recommendations
The only TV shows remaining will be on PBS
The association 's purpose is to keep fraud to a minimum .
There are no quantifiable effects on small entities caused by the rule .
Pro-choices say the close-up images are fair .
That is not true .
In a nutshell , this new costing area would need to be undertaken - those were the last words I heard from him .
The fish are weighed using high tech digital scales .
After sharing all information with everyone , I think I may have shared too much .
Many people consider these prices to be unfair to new printers .
My group was one of ten groups to get laid off .
She 's going to step down from the court in the winter of 2002 , after all those years .
Everyone should remain as private and closed off as possible .
Many people supported Kemal Ataturk in everything he chose to do .
John Leonard says Oz is an anthropology of terror , not for the faint hearted or easily turned stomach .
Suddenly she moved , face white .
The major towns have banned the existence of galleries .
I think trains are quite boring .
They show how highland dress changed over the years .
`` How did you lose this object entirely ? '' A chair overturned .
They could never say no .
Identity should be a minimum requirement .
I agree that he did n't have the same support as Montana , but he did well .
Nothing is correlated to the summer in all areas .
Welbeck 's CEO told the committee it was necessary to ensure employees were trained , prepared and compensated in ways that enabled them to react to shifting markets .
I 've seen them both many times .
Commercial calculation was how he was able to explain his side .
Last night no one saw your mistress .
A settlement as reached that both sides were happy with .
While kids today are symbols of success and status , and their parents are too .
Streets change names in the area of St. Patrick 's Cathedral .
You get a ten minute time limit , but sometimes you 'll be told to end early .
Bill got one letter last year that tore at his heartstrings .
The majority of Americans are satisfied with the health-care system .
The longboat most likely belonged to the royal family .
The reclamation effort was contracted out to a Dutch company that specializes in dikes and sea water management .
HI and SMI Trustee reports were used to estimate future Medicare costs .
Did somebody give you your kiln ?
The newspaper is horrible .
There is a court with arches in the Palace of Jahangir .
Plans are complex
They were no where close to Loco Parentis Returnus .
Fans sit far from the action .
You were unaware that he thought Mademoiselle Cynthia was guilty ?
It must be a tough situation for everyone .
I 'd rather not use any insecticides at all , but sometimes I really need to
There were great inventions in the past .
Harvelle 's Blues Club in Santa Monica is a terrible spot for blues shows .
State legislature provides no legal delivery system
The Data Warehousing Institute provides guidance only in carpentry industry .
There are certain examples of how employee unions can be engaged by certain agencies .
She 's standing right over there .
Striking colors are still found on the columns of the Hypostyle Hall and is the main sight to see at Kom Ombo .
Some organizations were obscure .
This place does not surprise me anymore .
Rent is close to five hundred dollars a month just for a one bedroom .
It contains melatonin .
100,000 Jamaicans live in the hills round this town , which is a very popular tourist destination .
On the inside of every square except the corners .
The overseer 's hand turned Hanson on his heels .
Reform plans floating in committee at this time suggest workers will need to pay more or get less .
The grander showrooms and shops have a very calm atmosphere .
We did n't enjoy staying in the state parks .
You , I 'm sure , will find it more than adequate .
The presumed channel shows local and abroad .
We rented a car while we were in Florida .
I received a warm welcome from the other young lady who was present .
There is n't a fair representation of board members on the program .
The rationality of service tiers is no longer .
Justice Kennedy thinks all the Supreme Court Reporters from 1790 to 1998 should be on display .
There are a hundred steps leading into the interior .
People also have to be honest with each other on a project .
There is no state called North Carolina
Candidates in the Rocky Mountains will beg the loudest .
Trackers wake up early to locate the tigers for the safari .
There is another , undiscovered process responsible for the molecule 's existence .
Arnold Schwarzenegger has never been an actor or a muscle man .
The rooms past the facade are cluttered with furniture .
They do n't ever get new clothes or stuff .
It was based on field observations and discussions with the us .
McIntyre was not picked to be used .
We 've been talking for about 2 hours .
I felt nervous by the way they looked at me .
Krugman writes a column .
The USPS does not have a view of the world in relation to mail .
You will find some fino and olorose if you look .
The kids used to prefer the ocean over state parks .
The shops have only been around for the last fifty years .
The French government paid first months rent to get the volcano-zone residents resettled .
They watch too much television .
The spaceships did not come out of nowhere but they were welcome .
It is right in front of you .
The images have been restored by contemporary historians .
The utility cost varied between 15 % to 30 % more .
Chatterbox was surprised by all of the phrases and words that were submitted .
Doctor Perennial was sitting down when the evil drill sergeant walked up to him and delivered a letter .
There is a change in the use of postage depending on whether a household owns a computer .
Everyone thinks the jokes will always be funny .
the park on the Hill of Monte is only for children .
Be sure to bring currencies other than the US dollar when buying goods from the duty-free shops .
There is a drawer in the prisoner 's quarters .
I never use eggs when I cook , I hate them .
Some rooms have balconies off of them .
You trust me implicitly .
If a village is to be free , Speaker Gingrich believes they should not have a volleyball net .
I saw it on the television and the first time they started doing the marathon .
Poirot requested the attention of Monsieur Lawrence .
HUD under rules may accept some assignments .
Reducing the transmission of HIV is just as important as reducing drug abuse .
To disapprove findings and explanations .
Clinton was n't afraid to show herself in public in the 80s .
With the sunshine and heat wave yes .
A student visa overstayer will not obtain pro bono assistance .
Justice Kennedy does n't think the Supreme Court Reporters from 1790 to 1998 are important .
Arsenic would be just as effective as strychnine for getting rid of Emily .
The New York Times neglected to cover the Fa Lun Gong story in their papers .
I was considering getting one of those for my home .
You can get it at the dollar movies .
The best way to get onto the island is by plane .
The slaves did n't believe in witches , and stayed on the plantation .
The door did n't move .
Their unique traits has created lots of different music styles and celebrations .
I know very well .
Camping is something that I never got the hang of , though I took the children fishing , we never did do camping .
it 's fascinating that you are at a distance
You will not be allowed to consult with traditional herbalists .
They wanted to make their voice heard .
The telecommuters are grateful for the opportunity to buy the office space .
The Meadows Mall is very popular and beautiful .
He was perfectly calm and dry as he waited .
They would n't need any cash where they 're going .
I am still as experimental as ever , and I am always on the move .
Conspiracy theorists eat up crisis
The British built luxury houseboats on the lakes near Srinagar in the 19th century .
But the upside is that if states provide better coverage than private plans , many employers will drop dependent benefits to save money .
My appreciation of my satellite dish has increased .
I entered the shack through the hole in the ceiling . It was abandoned , and smelled musty and odd .
Esther Dyson has never published a book with Broadway Books .
I was born in Richmond , Virginia .
The prime minister 's office has wi-fi .
Oil based paints can be very messy .
I thought they should focus more on big linemen .
the voters and the federal judge were of the same opinion so the vote was not overturned
This movie did n't amount to much .
My phone number is -LRB-202-RRB- 512-4841 .
Saddam could turn out stronger .
1,634 associates gave money to Legal Aid through their GoFundMe site .
The city has remained abandoned and desolate since ancient times .
I have an advantage because my step father works at a Ford dealership .
The states of Sabah and Sarawak were granted special privileges for their indigenous populations .
Warm days are the worst for making catches .
Wachter works for the University of Pennsylvania .
They smiled at Susan , who in turn smiled back at them .
Race is one of several factors in some judicial decisions
Someone yelled to finish it .
I have so much debt to begin with .
The state 's legal services department could lose a lot of funding .
The living is way better than the Ritz , he pointed out cheerfully .
Sabbath is closed .
Israel took in 2.5 million Jewish people as a result of the Holocaust .
There is a great view at the top of the steps .
The horsemen first brought out a preview horse .
Weicker has only the very best of intentions .
Do you really have an affair ?
That is not immigration .
Fee-for-Service payments are higher than other forms of payments .
The political culture will not offer any lessons .
Standard Costing is based on guesstimates of how many turtles were crushed on the highway in 1844 .
The boy held a piece of wood in his hand .
MC2000-2 was not recommended by the Commission .
The city is the island 's governmental and financial centre .
Most methods use this technique .
You did n't do it , did you ?
The information collection contained on Form ADV and Form CGF was approved by OMB .
Designs once reserved for royalty cost more to buy .
The evaluation contains twenty different questions about your background .
Religion have been attacked for years .
shareholders can pay twice for the sins of others .
Most of our cards offer cash back rewards .
Congress has never been interested in the accountability of various agencies .
I 'm not sure if it 's a U.S. territory , or if we own it .
The revolver was loaded .
Fans were anxious to hear what dates the semifinals would take place on .
All the Jewish characters in the Left Behind series are actually Christian .
That 's something that 's believable .
Severn wanted to be rich .
Sometimes they have dressing but they use too much sage .
Screening needs to try to improve outcomes .
The balance of ingoing and outgoing mail is completely even .
` Even though you tried to burn it down , my house is in perfect state . '
UNLV may be the greatest amateur baseball team ever .
HCFA tried to keep everyone informed about the rules they were making .
KCBI plays my kind of music , so I always listen to it .
The huge museum houses over 100 longboats which were discovered in 1888 .
There are only a selected few exceptions .
This has been accepted by the White House .
Guards had big guns and swords .
A labor survey also considered the views of agricultural workers .
My pets are up to many antics , and I 'm happy I got to share these .
The Haven is a useful resource in the community .
You can do it by yourself no problem .
I asked Poirot if he liked cats and he said no .
The show lasts for two and a half hours .
The district divisions map was incomplete .
The effect of reducing the amount of forest land is habitats will be destroyed .
The person who poured Mrs. Inglethorp 's medicine never shook the bottle so as to leave the sediment untouched .
Tourist 's caused damage to Spain .
The days are long and warm during the Summer .
He held his feelings about what happened to the Voth mostly inside .
You are mad that the boy does n't like you .
If one get 's distracted , it 's very easy to make a fatal mistake .
If you practice just a bit , you 'd be able to somersault off a rock .
Poseidon was at the summit of Mount Fengari with a view of the climax of the Trojan War .
It depends on the condition of the dog .
The prisoner in the dock remained still and expressionless .
On display , you can also find John 's personal effects .
The village of Moria contains the ruins of a massive Roman aqueduct .
The voluntary nature of risks is evaluated .
You are in the middle of the mountains , but you did n't feel .
A CIO does not need to be an operations specialist .
The bank doubled interest rates as a way of checking this .
She talked to Tommy
The arts would later diminish into obscurity .
My partner I usually have .
Alexander the Great never spent any time in this city .
I 'm sorry it did n't turn out as planned .
Hypocrisy does n't have any power .
Not complicatedly .
The they in this sentence only show things that are n't local .
It was problematic .
There would be little benefit to national saving
A 1984 Poll concluded NewsHour is seen as the least credible newscast by the public .
If you are a law , medicine or engineering student you meet a lot of requirements at a public institution .
He is insecure .
Art Cooper used $ 100,000 of his own money to buy his Connecticut farm outright .
Bellagio 's water display is now just as well liked as this popular show .
None of the questions will need to be tailored to .
Four other natural rock formations are sometimes pointed out .
I found out what plenty was when I moved there .
Tran was advised on opportunities for her family .
The performance was a good deal .
The Plano school system only has children with poor intelligence .
Federal Managers have a lot of documents to study .
The track has become very popular .
Be of good cheer , for beer time is near .
The Roman and Byzantine baths are built on separate stories .
There were many places the Lord went and struck down that 's mentioned in the Old Testament .
The state parks have 2 shelters .
If you have a fish net , you can catch your prey more quickly before your prey scampers away too quickly .
They would debate well .
I did n't nkow what any of it was .
Monte is a normal location , outside of a period of pious devotion .
I always wanted to be part of the owl marching band at Rice .
Just as I turned the curve I spotted him walking in to the house after ringing the bell for entrance .
I used to work for a tire service in Dallas , my hometown , and my friend works part-time for TI .
Only statements of the evaluation are available .
I am not bothered by the mosquitoes .
I never even gave it much thought .
I do not miss the excitement of what it was like when we first came here .
The tigers will be eating their prey now .
The buildings on Kastro were laid out in a rectangular pattern .
It 's not important for states to work together .
Sentiment when connecting with you is beyond everyone 's expectations .
It says a bigger percentage of the content of communication can be expected next year .
None of the allegations are true .
The Postal Service failed to provide as much detail .
These can not only be found anywhere in Tsim Sha Tsui
Ca ` daan was used to seeing people hold swords like Thorn held it .
i narrowly avoided injuring my right ankle , luckily
Not many modern cities contain a large array of costumes .
Why care if it 's good or bad ?
I fell asleep before midnight and did n't wake up until six in the morning .
My blood pressure is n't too bad considering I 'm not very healthy .
Most of the CDs that I have are CDs of classical music .
Some people ca n't afford it .
France knew this was a good place to stay .
Her career benefited from being a clerk to Thomas .
I experienced something similar .
Human beings are entitled to the environment .
Chapter 1 shows nothing important
There are better ones out there .
The coalition 's core agenda is to reduce government 's role in daily life .
the actors acted well
There has been no past or present search for an AIDS vaccine .
`` Views of Curral da Freiras and the valley of Ribeiro do Poco '' is chapter 5 .
Oftentimes , the best emperors were those that were minors .
There is no art or sculptures located there .
The interim rules were put together in a manner that satisfied everyone as a result .
Ataterk tried to build nationalism in Turkey during the 1920 's .
Kentridge created several documentaries in addition to that which covered the apartheid era .
The author is not interested in tactics .
Yes , certainly , said Cynthia .
A triumphal arch is present at Saint-Thégonnec .
They held their meetings on every Friday night .
They are my favorite team and I know everything about them .
He had intended to drive directly up to the house .
The Legal Assistance to the Disadvantaged Committee contains seventeen members .
Text box 4.1 explains the differences between a unified budget and NIPA .
Helms will turn 81 soon .
Will the police be able to help ?
The visitor was only allowed to stay in the house for 15 minutes , no more or no less .
John Knox has faded into obscurity with no memorials made for him .
Times is lying about drawing up lists from the bookstores .
He felt drastically under-qualified to assume command .
There is no criteria for selecting sites for programs .
The foundations were replaced .
We played in lots of different places on our trip .
This episode reminds me of skits with Monthy Python , said my best friend .
Martha 's Vineyard is four times the size of the Isle of Man .
Lucy wanted to ignore it .
The beaches are very dirty in Mumbai .
Sorbent-based approaches in development may be preferable to ACl , depending on the acidity of the solution .
The final rules are very complex and long .
Tapas are large portions and are a very filling meal .
First , the horsemen brought out a teaser horse because the main horse has not arrived yet .
I was glad that the wind was calm .
Capital goods are vulnerable to depreciation and should be replaced .
You have to travel heavy .
Clothes criticism is serious .
There are specific requirements for assessment of legal services .
Click here for Finkelstein 's explanation of why this logic is expedient due to philosophical constraints .
Stark avoided being hit .
`` What a lot if bottles ! '' I exclaim .
I will not be crawling through anything .
The Church of the Assumption stays cool all year because it is underground .
It has been called by the Washington Post as the culmination of a six-month game of political chicken .
He knew how the Sim would be created in the game .
After half a century , Britain is destined to remain the leader in this field .
Human capital management will not be considered in the transformation effort
Lots of then came back .
There never was .
They have no plans to try it out in Houston .
He personally liked Tom Clancy .
The samurai classes very much enjoyed noh drama performances .
Their relationship was cold and meaningless .
An entrance conference is held with central agencies each year .
There are a wide variety of shopping spots , including ethnic food grocery stores , vintage clothing stores , electronic stores , book stores , and many more .
The volcano has lain dormant for the past four thousand years .
She looked older even though she was only barely eighteen .
I know what they do with motor oil .
The rules were unfair to the employees .
I will go complete my weekly handwash load which is 80 percent done already .
After I set off the bomb , the world exploded .
Leal Senado features some of the only remaining colonial artifacts .
Americans lack important commercial know-how .
The largest resort is actually 100 minutes away .
Human lives are at stake
Auditors stay in the career for a long time .
I hope you like your new office .
The House of Dolphins and the House of Masks are more elaborate than the House of Dionysos and the House of the Trident .
Tax records indicate Waters earned about $ 65K in 2000 .
People never report on their emotional distress .
These four sentences force professors to skim over the paragraph and inadvertently skip the plagiarized information .
She 's an essential , key role in this , and is being used as a crutch .
The Huaisheng Mosque is China 's youngest mosque .
Michael Mann was the writer .
Routine accounting activities are prime targets for cost reduction .
Do you camp alot ?
Did you catch him ?
Not many people get the chance to swim with sharks .
The diver has a good range of places to explore .
Gasoline tax is around seven percent in Dallas .
A signature in a manual system is meant to show disapproval .
America 's role in the globalization movement is important whether we agree with it or not .
Did you apply a textured paint ?
There were less than five of them .
All of the homes in the hillside have been converted into art galleries and shops selling collectibles .
I am proclaiming that I am now a member of the club of Old Geezers .
Managed care bought Republican votes and patients will end up dead because of this .
It was strong , yet brittle .
I think there are some small colleges that are having trouble .
I painted just now .
Treasure Beach is on the South Coast .
The hole is seven feet deep .
I belong to the ideologies of free-marketeers , but theories presented by Smith and Wright shock me since we think so differently .
City Hall is to the east of the ferry terminal .
It cost a lot of money to put forth all that effort .
Acute bronchitis can lead to loss of work days in elderly patients
Jon had traveled longer than his body could handle .
Getting a hold of himself , he took a gulf of air .
He was staying at the inn in town .
They want us to indulge ourselves , and force us to worry at work .
I started studying mathematics because I was really good at it .
WorldAid had a GLobal expo in 2002 .
Yes , we have cable here and we love it .
The material is gathered hastily and is argued about irrationally .
Time went by so slow and we were extremely bored .
It is better to plant when it is colder .
Doing the other side is a terrible idea .
South Carolina does n't have referendum rights , so the Supreme Court upheld the ban on corporate contributions .
The guide is outdated .
I try to watch it .
Are you from Alberta , Canada ?
Farm parades
It smelled like eggs .
Ferdinand and Isabella caused stunning changes to take place in Spain .
Kyoto has a kabuki troupe and so does Osaka .
Nonautomated First-Class and Standard-A mailers can ask for their mail to be processed by hand , though it costs the postal service more .
No one cares about HIV or any other social problems .
LSC has been focusing on improving it 's state delivery systems for a long time .
Pagers in the United States were unaffected by the satellite malfunction .
The FDA is set to conduct workshops .
Cirque du Soleil is an international troupe .
I wont even bother listening .
