This site includes a list of all award winners and a searchable database of Government Executive articles .
yeah i i think my favorite restaurant is always been the one closest you know the closest as long as it 's it meets the minimum criteria you know of good food
i do n't know um do you do a lot of camping
well that would be a help i wish they would do that here we have got so little landfill space left that we 're going to run out before the end of this decade and it 's really going to be
yeah i know and i did that all through college and it worked too
If that investor were willing to pay extra for the security of limited downside , she could buy put options with a strike price of $ 98 , which would lock in her profit on the shares at $ 18 , less whatever the options cost .
The most important directions are simply up and up leads eventually to the cathedral and fortress commanding the hilltop , and down inevitably leads to one of three gates through the wall to the new town .
The bhakti movement of the Tamils brought a new warmth to the hitherto rigid Brahmanic ritual of Hinduism .
So far , however , the number of mail pieces lost to alternative bill-paying methods is too small to have any material impact on First-Class volume .
Sorry but that 's how it is .
The tourist industry continued to expand , and though it became one of the top two income earners in Spain , a realization that unrestricted mass tourism was leading to damaging long-term consequences also began to grow .
Conversely , an increase in government saving adds to the supply of resources available for investment and may put downward pressure on interest rates .
In Hong Kong you can have a plate , or even a whole dinner service , hand-painted to your own design .
What 's truly striking , though , is that Jobs has never really let this idea go .
But to you , who know the truth , I propose to read certain passages which will throw some light on the extraordinary mentality of this great man . '' He opened the book , and turned the thin pages .
yeah i mean just when uh the they military paid for her education
but uh these guys were actually on the road uh two thousand miles from from home when they had to file their uh their final exams and send them in
He had n't seen even pictures of such things since the few silent movies run in some of the little art theaters .
yeah and how about how about like on the weekends do you do sports or do you go out
Oh , what a fool I feel !
She has exchanged a hollow life for a heightened life , and has tried to comprehend all its turns , get its possibilities .
the net cost of operations .
Credibility is a vital factor , and Jim Lehrer does , indeed , have it .
Even if you 're the kind of traveler who likes to improvise and be adventurous , do n't turn your nose up at the tourist offices .
Still , it would be interesting to know . 109 Poirot looked at me very earnestly , and again shook his head .
There are no shares of a stock that might someday come back , just piles of options as worthless as those shares of Cook 's American Business Alliance .
One thing was worrying me dreadfully , but my heart gave a great throb of relief when I saw my ulster lying carelessly over the back of a chair .
Do you think Mrs. Inglethorp made a will leaving all her money to Miss Howard ? I asked in a low voice , with some curiosity .
oh i do n't know either the other growing up all i knew was
WHOLE LIFE POLICIES - Policies that provide insurance over the insured 's entire life and the proceeds -LRB- face amount -RRB- are paid only upon death of the insured .
it 's actually there well Iraq has had uh designs on that place since nineteen twenty two so you know it was n't like something that just suddenly popped up
Prototyping , for example , may act as part of the requirements definition process , helping the agency identify and control areas of high uncertainty and technical risk .
if the United States had used full conventional power .
June 21 , 1995 , provides the specific requirements for assessing and reporting on controls .
This is especially true on Menorca , where cold winter winds limit the season 's length .
Over most of the 1980s and 1990s , the U.S. was able to invest more than it saved by attracting financing from abroad .
In 1998 , Cesar Chavez fasted for 36 days in California to underscore the dangers of pesticides to farm workers and their children .
However , in the off-field -LRB- sentimental -RRB- tournament , the Falcons and Jets have more appealing story lines .
They made little effort , despite the Jesuit presence in Asia , to convert local inhabitants to Christianity or to expand their territory into the interior .
Dirt mounds surrounded the pit so that the spectators stood five or six people deep around the edge of the pit .
There 's only one thing for me to do . ''
Sometimes it flattens entire neighbourhoods to make life easier for them .
You will find two principal fino and olorose
The sooner we strike the better . '' He turned to Tuppence .
The WP runs a piece inside reporting that during a church service last Sunday , Cardinal John O'Connor of New York criticized President Clinton from the pulpit for taking Catholic communion while in South Africa .
For big Raj-buffs , the supreme example of Indo-Gothic style is the Victoria Terminus , affectionately abbreviated to VT nowadays , once the railway station that launched adventures inland , now handling mostly suburban traffic .
The only drawback is , of course , the large crowds in summer .
were sort of a double sign with a a big miles per hour and a little kilometers per hour type uh marking on the side
Another alternative is that our heroes were pursuing the noble goal of academics everywhere -- tenure .
By then , the program had added Carroll and Grayson counties and the city of Galax and had five attorneys .
Well ? cried Tommy eagerly .
Even the lower limit of that differential compounds to a hefty sum over time .
The flame or whatever it was had enough heat , but it was hard to control .
um pardon me
Tell me , how did those scribbled words on the envelope help you to discover that a will was made yesterday afternoon ? '' Poirot smiled .
of course you could annex Cuba but they would n't like that a bit
They are levied through the power of the Government to compel payment , and the person or entity that pays these fees does not receive anything of value from the Government in exchange .
Sir James 's presence in Manchester was not accidental .
well i think i got to agree with you there
The Balanced Scorecard Institute is a web clearinghouse for managers to exchange information , ideas , and lessons learned in building strategic management systems using the balanced scorecard approach .
Even us if you needed , '' said Jon .
News berates computer users for picking obvious , easily cracked passwords and chastises system administrators for ignoring basic security precautions .
No one was there , no bones at all .
well that 's uh i agree with you there i mean he did n't have the surrounding cast that Montana had there 's no doubt about that
There are many such at the present time .
It was planned in the 1820s as a symbol of Scottish national pride and designed as a mini-Parthenon , in deference to the neoclassical style popular at the time .
A re-created street of colonial Macau is lined with traditional Chinese shops .
it would probably be a lot more work and probably not turn out as good
During the half-century of its existence , Israel has absorbed approximately 2.5 million Jewish immigrants , displaced persons , refugees , and survivors of the Nazi Holocaust .
Also , under credit reform , the credit subsidy cost is recorded as an outlay when a direct or guaranteed loan is disbursed .
OMB has approved the information collection contained on the Form ADV and has
Finally , the FDA will conduct workshops , issue guidance manuals and videotapes , and hold teleconferences to aid small entities in complying with the rule .
uh-huh well maybe well i 've enjoyed talking to you okay bye-bye
Tom is the winner of a year 's supply of Turtle Wax , and he will receive his prize just as soon as the Shopping Avenger figures out how much Turtle Wax actually constitutes a year 's supply .
That is well .
Divers can explore the deeps but you can also snorkel here , or take a glass-bottom boat or submarine tour to get a glimpse of this watery world .
Why blame her because she had been true to her creed ?
Oh , my friend , have I not said to you all along that I have no proofs .
Companies that were foreign had to accept Indian financial participation and management .
And really it 's a great relief to think he 's going , Hastings , continued my honest friend .
Like the Japanese , Chinese , and Portuguese before them , many of the new peoples would stay on in Hawaii , adding to the ethnic and racial mix that has become a hallmark of the islands .
It was other-worldly .
Voluntariness of risks is evaluated .
Thus , the net scale benefit is initially positive , whether or not we adjust for the wage premium .
The stuff was strong , but somewhat brittle .
yeah because being a student i 'm doing it for the money
well i think of uh you mean as far as retirement
If you have any questions about this report , please contact Henry R. Wray , Senior Associate General Counsel , at -LRB-202-RRB- 512-8581 .
Your speeches are inflammatory .
Given the limits on the WTO 's jurisdiction , it was probably unreasonable of Kodak to expect a real victory .
Back to the subject of celebrity interviews , British magazines have published a huge number with actress Kate Winslet , the star of Titanic , to promote a new British film she has made .
aChange in personal saving depends on how much of the $ 4,000 IRA contribution represents new saving .
As of last week he charges $ 50 an hour minimum instead of $ 25 for the services of his yearling Northern Utah Legal Aid Foundation .
7 -RRB- Nonautomated First-Class and Standard-A mailers have the option of requesting that their mail be processed manually , even though the costs for such processing are substantially higher than mechanized processing .
um-hum yeah right uh is yours a is it a a slab foundation or pier and beam
Although all four categories of emissions are down substantially , they only achieve 50-75 % of the proposed cap by 2007 -LRB- shown as the dotted horizontal line in each of the above figures -RRB- .
i do n't know i i do i can think of all the uh the biblical things about it too where what did they say to uh i ca n't think of the scripture Render unto Caesar 's what is Caesar 's so
Others love to see it in the middle of the heaviest monsoon , its marble translucent , its image blurred in the rain-stippled water channels of its gardens .
Crosethe Rue de Rivoli to the Palais-Royal , built for Car?di?nal Richelieu as his Paris residence in 1639 , and originally named Palais-Cardinal .
There was food for all , and houses had been conjured hastily to shelter the people .
After the second course I began to feel slightly at ease , although I could n't help being disturbed by the way they just stared at me .
They made little effort , despite the Jesuit presence in Asia , to convert local inhabitants to Christianity or to expand their territory into the interior .
And , could it not result in a decline in Postal Service volumes across -- the -- board ?
If the company makes money on the policy , other insurers are expected to follow .
The tomb of Job Charnock , the Company official who founded the city of Caletta , is in the church cemetery .
Because GAO 's primary function is to support the Congress in carrying out its decision-making and oversight responsibilities , the number of times our experts testify before congressional panels each year is an indicator of our responsiveness and reflects the impact , importance , and value of our work .
The two programs are currently housed in buildings about a block apart .
The results of the sheepshead minnow , Cyprinodon variegatus , inland silverside , Menidia beryllina , or mysid , Mysidopsis bahia , tests are acceptable if survival in the controls is 80 percent or greater .
Now suppose there is a private delivery firm in Cleveland that is competing with the postal service .
yeah well that 's not really immigration
My unborn children will never appear on the Today show .
An organization 's activities , core processes , and resources must be aligned to support its mission and help it achieve its goals .
need the car the next day type deal so
It was still night .
The long-sought , the mysterious , the elusive Jane Finn !
It 's easy to overdose on the many temples , palaces , and museums in India .
uh i really i miss college i had a good time
` No one in Large would ever try to harm us .
True to his word to his faithful mare , Ca ` daan left Whitebelly in Fena Dim and borrowed Gray Cloud from his uncle .
The central features of the Results Act-strategic planning , performance measurement , and public reporting and accountability-can serve as powerful tools to help change the basic culture of government .
Today it is possible to buy cheap papyrus printed with gaudy Egyptian scenes in almost every souvenir shop in the country , but some of the most authentic are sold at The Pharaonic Village in Cairo where the papyrus is grown , processed , and hand-painted on site .
Now it 's my turn , and even if I 'm walking in a dead man 's shoes , I can make my way afresh .
we would n't be expected to cast a ballet on the subject
As recent events illustrate , trust takes years to gain but can be lost in an instant .
But when he was persuaded by divers means to help us , he gave up after one week , declaring it beyond his powers .
She gave the girl clothes and gifts and took her to her Connecticut estate for weekend pony rides , according to the Star . How was I supposed to compete with that ?
There may be a small savings at the factory showrooms in Manacor , where you 'll have the biggest choice .
we only have to get up for you know for the daytime feedings
One opportunist who stayed was Octavius Decatur Gass .
These gardens used to belong to the governor 's mountain lodge , but the building was demolished by the Japanese during the occupation of Hong Kong .
He seemed a trifle embarrassed .
and they 're more independent and there 's things to do then it 's good for them to go to different i mean it he goes to a a mother 's day out program now once a week both of my kids do
no North Carolina State
But Fish is not an upbeat pragmatist .
so i really i really do n't have heart burn at all with doing it myself over four nights tie i tied the car up if four days but we 're fortunate we did n't need it
In general , six elements appear purpose , type of data collected , method of data collection , design , method of data analysis , and reporting .
oh yeah IBM uh i mean uh a lot of people use human factors folks but IBM is what i 'm looking at right now
Cybernetics had always been Derry 's passion .
To the northwest of the chateau , the Grand Trianon palace , surrounded by pleasantly unpompous gardens , was the home of Louis XIV 's mistress , Madame de Maintenon , where the aging king increasingly took refuge .
You 're crazed , Beresford .
so are can i just ask you are you Canadian
In the meantime , the philosophy is to seize present-day opportunities in the thriving economy .
hi Cynthia what did you wear to work today
The purpose of the Diwan-i-Khas is hotly disputed ; it is not necessarily the hall of private audience that its name implies .
4 million homes watch the evening news on CBS , ABC , and NBC .
Palestrina , by Hans Pfitzner , performed by the Royal Opera -LRB- Metropolitan Opera House , New York -RRB- .
Behind the cathedral , croseover the Rue de la R ?? publique to the 15th-century Eglise Saint-Maclou , the richest example of Flam?boy?ant Gothic in the country .
Many had to leave their birthplaces , fleeing to Lesvos , Chios , and Samos , the Greek-ruled islands just offshore .
Montmartre is lively at night , with famous clubs such as Au Lapin Agile .
and these poor guys out there uh trying to uphold the law um i do n't know i kind of think they should bring back capital punishment
' I see . '
I do n't know all the answers , fella .
At the top of the hill is the imposing medieval fortress of Kadifekale .
yeah exactly right it really is because they 're gon na get them one way or another they will always have a way look at drugs they always have a way to get that so
ooh it 's kind of tough to think of some of the others although i do watch some of some of those frivolous things uh like on Thursday nights at nine o'clock when i get home from aerobics i will watch uh Knots Landing
right yeah that 's it 's always handy to have that that credit card for whatever it is that you might need it for
If you need to use the mail , it would be helpful if you sent your comments both in writing and on diskette -LRB- in Word or ASCII format -RRB- .
Were you in company with anyone ?
A student visa overstayer is not going to be a high priority for pro bono assistance .
She buried his remains to spare her mother the gruesome sight .
This is one of the reasons we 're growing too weak to fight the Satheri . `` What 's wrong with a ceremony of worship , if you must worship your eggshell ? '' Dave asked .
Yes , you 've done very well , young man .
How do you propose to get in touch with your would-be employers ?
You 're the Desert Ghost .
NONFEDERAL PHYSICAL PROPERTY ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September
Favored by the Ancient Egyptians as a source of turquoise , the Sinai was , until recently , famed for only one event but certainly an important one .
You name it L.A. 's got it .
This points to a final press-friendly quality of McCain ' brilliant flattery .
On the left of the entrance ramp is the open space once occupied by the Temple of Athena , close to which are the remains of the Pergamene library .
But he said he thought the Ledfords understood they could qualify only if he put down a stated income , typically an undocumented business income that raises the borrower 's interest rate .
is there still that type of music available
The almost midtown Massabielle quarter -LRB- faubourg de Massabielle -RRB- , is sometimes described as the most picturesque in the city .
Do n't take it to heart , lad , he said kindly .
Jon 's feeling of age and weariness must have shown .
Several pro-life Dems are mounting serious campaigns at the state level , often against pro-choice Republicans .
are you and since being Argentinean we also have a lot of pasta
The technology used to capture and evaluate information in response to the RFP permits LSC to compile and assess key information about the delivery system at the program , state , regional , and national level .
Through a friend who knows the lift boy here .
If the face has been getting longer at the bottom over the generations , it has been getting shorter -LRB- and broader -RRB- on top .
The Vice President and his representatives have asserted that GAO lacks the statutory authority to examine the activities of the NEPDG , recognizing only GAOas authority to audit its financial transactions .
okay i 'll keep that in mind yeah you serve that yourself or the for a family
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY
because the cold weather was just simply trapped along the ground and could n't get away
China could never trump the warhead blizzard Washington would send in retaliation against any atomic attack , though the country would be loath to cede to U.S. missile defenses the deterrence afforded by its handfuls of warheads .
With him was the evil-looking Number 14 .
Though he abstains from showbizzy campaigning , he markets his virtue and exploits his legend .
than the passage of time , the rate of inflation , or geographic location , as so often is the case today .
It also describes the results of the scenario analysis , both in terms of the various marginal costs associated with emission control strategies and the economy-wide impact of each scenario .
yeah well my uh my uh probably one of the biggest decisions i think that was very strengthened for our family was rather than have one child make that decision
Poirot remained lost in thought for a few minutes .
His arm came up over his eyes , cutting off the glare .
A piece describes the Learning Channel 's new women-targeted reality TV A Wedding Story , A Baby Story , and A Dating Story , featuring real-life marriages , babies , and dates .
i never managed to plan my departure right
oh wow no i just started about well five years ago i think
The liberation of these old European colonies created the basis for postwar independence movements proclaiming the Japanese slogan Asia for the Asians .
As long as Assad lives , he can manage these troubles and keep an agreement with Israel .
-LRB- For more information on BLM 's senior executive performance plans , see app .
He found himself thinking in circles of worry and pulled himself back to his problem .
What changed ?
The chain swung again , hitting her arm and sending the palm knife into the crowd .
Boca da Corrida Encumeada -LRB- moderate ; 5 hours -RRB- : views of Curral das Freiras and the valley of Ribeiro do Poco .
As the double-decker boats get ready to leave the pier , bells ring , the gangplank is raised , deckhands in blue sailor suits man the hawsers , and a couple of hundred commuters begin a seven-minute sightseeing tour .
Auditors are strongly encouraged to comply with the guidance provided by GAGAS .
Miller claimed the First Amendment -LRB- right to freedom of speech and association -RRB- rather than taking the Fifth -LRB- right against self-incrimination -RRB- .
Just like we have hairpins and powder-puffs . '' Tommy handed over a rather shabby green notebook , and Tuppence began writing busily .
and the NIT semifinals are on tonight
Pro-Microsoft analysts spin this as a heroic sacrifice , removing the lightning rod whose seemingly disingenuous testimony has ostensibly driven the DOJ to the verge of demanding the company 's breakup .
Beatrice and Grace made out OK legally , but some of us will never use their products again without thinking about Travolta losing his shirt in the name of those wasted-away little kids .
The rock has a soft texture and can be bought in a variety of shapes .
They crossed the Forth from Dunfermline at the narrows known to this day as Queensferry .
17 `` Surely you are not thinking of refusing ?
The Saving Mystery , or Where Did the Money Go ?
At the eastern end of Back Lane and turning right , Nicholas Street becomes Patrick Street , and in St. Patrick 's Close is St. Patrick 's Cathedral .
Not quite as large is the Papal Crose commemorating Pope John Paul II 's visit in 1979 , when more than one million people gathered to celebrate mass .
GAO 's Web site -LRB- www.gao.gov -RRB- contains abstracts and full-text files ofcurrent reports and testimony and an expanding archive of older products .
What you say about Lawrence is a great surprise to me , I said .
6See also Internal Control Management and Evaluation Tool -LRB- GAO-01-1008G , August 2001 -RRB- .
This popular show spawned the aquatic show at the Bellagio .
Savonarola burned in Florence
We need your help with another new feature that starts next week .
it gets it
Many are based on industry-recognized models such as the Constructive Cost Model -LRB- COCOMO -RRB- , PRICE , Putnam , and Jensen .
This northern beach of magnificent tan sand is most agreeably reached by boat .
Prior to 1986 , the United States had been a net creditor because its holdings of foreign assets exceeded foreign holdings of U.S. assets .
Specifically , suppose unconstrained competition were allowed but the Postal Service turned out to have sufficient market power in some product areas to allow other products to be priced at or near the level of incremental cost .
Since the system would automatically verify all receipts and acceptances prior to invoice payment authorization , there would be no need to authorize payment prior to verification of receipt .
However , the specific approaches to executing those principles tended to differ among the various sectors .
What seems to be a special bargain price for just one week only could turn out to be a year-round con .
well that 's pretty typical though uh i do n't uh i do n't guess it 's going to be any much different uh than than it has been in the past so i expect uh July and August we 'll see our or uh share of hundred degree days
She would be almost certainly sent to you under an assumed one .
News argues that most of America 's 93 million volunteers are n't doing much good .
Some travelers add Molokai and Lanai to their itineraries .
In the depths of the Cold War , many Americans suspected Communists had infiltrated Washington and were about to subvert our democracy .
yeah yeah i think well i know it 's true you see a lot of that you know rally behind the female she may lose but by golly we 're going to make a statement here
For such a governmentwide review , an entrance conference is generally held with applicable central agencies , such as the Office of Management and Budget -LRB- OMB -RRB- or the Office of Personnel Management .
Vatican II gave rise to a less hierarchical and more outward-looking Catholicism and set the stage for once-unthinkable innovations like plainclothes nuns and the celebration of the Mass in English and other modern languages .
Load time is divided into elemental and coverage related load time .
To the sociologists ' speculations , add mine .
5 -RRB- The Democrats are reaping what they sowed -LRB- after torturing Robert Bork , John Tower , and Clarence Thomas -RRB- .
Lincoln glared .
You claimed to be a repairman for such devices . '' Hanson bent to study it again , using a diamond lens one of the warlocks handed him .
The Government does not sacrifice anything of value in exchange and the entity that forfeits the property does not receive anything of value .
She 's smiling but her eyes are closed .
There is very little left of old Ocho the scant remains of Ocho Rios Fort are probably the oldest and now lie in an industrial area , almost forgotten as the tide of progress has swept over the town .
Enlarging the village was not desirable and most knew that Severn only desired wealth and a seat on the council of elders .
Ickes apparently made calls to donors from his government office , but there is no evidence so far that anyone else solicited funds in a federal building .
-LRB- Read Slate 's on how Bush flaunts the courage of his cliches .
3 Accordingly , auditors performing financial audits need to be proficient in applying the AICPA standards and guidance contained in the SASs .
Even the most aged and infirm travel here to die , for nothing is more blessed for a devout Hindu than to die in the great waters of the Varanasi and thus be released from the eternal cycle of rebirth .
Treat yourself and bill it to Si .
-LRB- A bigger contribution may or may not mean , I really , really support Candidate X. -RRB- Freedom of association is an even bigger stretch -- one that Justice Thomas would laugh out of court if some liberal proposed it .
no no not at all it
The red moon made her skin glow .
I just stopped where I was .
but there 's no uh inscriptions or or dates or anything else
um-hum you mean when the reporter sticks the the microphone in the person says the face and says how do you feel that you house has burned to the ground
The H-2A worker must depart the country and is subject to deportation for failing to do so .
cook and then the next time it would be my turn and i 'd try to outdo him and then he 'd try to outdo me and we we was really a lot of fun and
because i do n't want to my mother was also a domineering type of personality because she had to take over the things that my dad fell short in
' Blankley replies , And there are fund-raisers going out in other parts of the country to raise ` The conservatives are coming , the conservatives are coming .
Tax records show Waters earned around $ 65,000 in 2000 .
' I do n't suppose you could forget I ever said that ? '
This was the saturation and 125-piece walk sequence Enhanced Carrier Route mail volume in 1996 .
much with whatever it 's with the Black the Black problem or whatever that may be now
Look here , you 've no business to come asking for me in this way .
um-hum what is your worst then
Excellent reviews for the collaboration between two of the '90s ' most acclaimed jazz saxophonists .
For himself he chose Atat ?? rk , or Father of the Turks .
Acquaintances of mine have become Orthodox because of the codes .
yeah those yeah it was all bloodless and the good guys can get hit all day long and they have to shake it off they do n't they do n't you know get epileptic fits or anything from getting hit on the head
Favored by the Ancient Egyptians as a source of turquoise , the Sinai was , until recently , famed for only one event but certainly an important one .
I 'm sure he 'll be back to work soon enough - it 's only a leg wound , barely broken flesh .
Look for these items in the picturesque open-air market of Sa Penya -LRB- Ibiza Town -RRB- or for a wider selection at the bustling , covered central market in the newer part of town -LRB- carrer d'Extremadura -RRB- .
The library is the largest of any plantation in Jamaica , with over 300 volumes , including three first editions ; the books would have been used to while away the long humid days .
Jon walked back to the town to the smithy .
Such multicolored reef dwellers as the parrotfish and French angelfish , along with weirdly shaped coral , crawfish , or turtles hiding in crevices , can be yours for the viewing in these clear waters where visibility of 30 m -LRB- 100 ft -RRB- is common .
all right thanks bye bye
Piccadilly Tube station .
Many who fled have returned .
but uh TV is something that we try to not um deliberately try not to get hung up on it like you say
it may be arrogant but i mean let them come to us
They wanted you , so they got you . '' Dave considered it .
he 's not a starter
Similarly , OIM revised the electronic Grant Renewal Application to accommodate new information sought by LSC and to ensure greater ease for users .
That could n't happen in a sane world , either .
It was worth the trip for that .
You and your friends are not welcome here , said Severn .
It was the heyday of the brilliant but lethal Spanish-Italian lecherous Rodrigo , who became Pope Alexander VI , and treacherous son Cesare , who stopped at nothing to control and expand the papal lands .
There is very little to see here , or at the ruined Essene monastery of Qumran itself .
those little kids do n't understand it
The main attraction of Kom Ombo is the vibrant color still found on the columns in the Hypostyle Hall .
The best place to view the spring azaleas is at the Azalea Festival in the last week of April at Tokyo 's Nezu shrine .
Very few emperors were reluctant to submit to Fujiwara domination .
The only comprehensible explanation is that the vocation that had burrowed in next to medicine had taken control , had insisted .
Just north of the Shalom Tower is the Yemenite Quarter , its main attractions being the bustling Carmel market and good Oriental restaurants .
guess it did n't last too long at the box office but i thought it was pretty good
Also , disappointing earnings reports from Intel and other blue-chip companies in the two weeks leading up to the crash caused investors to question the value of entire portfolios .
I was deeply impressed by the power and eloquence of the counsel for the defence .
All of a sudden I sat down on the edge of the table , and put my face in my hands , sobbing out a ` Mon Dieu !
how do you like it well
` Do n't worry , ' he whispered .
The standard technology assumptions of scenario A were used by EIA in the development of the AEO2001 reference case projections .
Evaluating the intent of the six principles , we observed that they naturally fell into three distinct sets , which we refer to as critical success factors .
Participants generally viewed the new internal control reporting requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as a good requirement .
At the fulcrum is a coffee bar and cafe under a giant screen television flanked by CD listening stations .
and not only is it you know trouble to have to drive but it takes time away from your home and your family when you 're out driving
Text Box 2.1 : Gross Domestic Product and Gross National Product 48Text Box 4.1 : How do the NIPA and federal unified budget concepts of
He and his associates were n't operating at the level of metaphor .
The tip was hooked towards the edge , the same way the tips are hammered for knives used for slaughter .
well yeah that really is scary
But of course the DSM is informed by social values .
36 AC usage nationally for mercury control from power plants should be roughly proportional to the total MWe of coal-fired facilities that are equipped with the technology -LRB- this assumes an average capacity factor of 85 percent and other assumptions of Tables 4-4 and 4-5 -RRB- .
It was deserved .
Two bronze lions , carrying out feng shui principles , guard its doors .
I have a situation .
oh like if they say i i we just type it in like that
Each individual 's survival curve , or the probability of surviving beyond a given age , should shift as a result of an environmental quality improvement .
The number of steps built down into the interior means that it is unsuitable for the infirm or those with heart problems .
it 's the very same type of paint and everything
His off-the-cuff style seems amateurish next to Inglis ' polished mini-essays .
in each square
If she was n't , how would they have known Jane Finn had got the papers ?
In Japan , Mainichi Shimbun criticized the new Liberal Democratic Party leader Keizo Obuchi for being devoid of fresh ideas for reviving the Japanese economy .
However , SCR installations designed to comply with the NOX SIP Call are generally already into the installation process or , at a minimum , into the engineering phase of the project .
Well , we 've just got to get down to it , that 's all .
, number of parks or acres of land -RRB- rather than in terms of historical cost .
As for the divisive issue of whether the Mass is a sacrifice for the remission of sins , the statement affirms that Christ 's death upon the cross ...
it 's neat when you think about how she wrote it and stuff otherwise the lyrics are kind of
Since 1998 , LSC has initiated and overseen significant structural changes in the number and configuration of LSC-funded programs in order to develop more powerful and effective state delivery systems .
yeah i have too and i found it real interesting but
With the gap still of landslide proportions in most polls , Dole has been written off , correctly or otherwise , by the pundits .
Most recently , GAO reviewed activities of the White House China Trade Relations Working Group , which was established at the request of President Clinton in the exercise of his Constitutional powers .
One or two , replied Tommy modestly , and plunged into his recital .
When the two nations divided it up , France got 54 sq km -LRB- 21 sq miles -RRB- and Holland agreed to take just 41 sq km -LRB- 16 sq miles -RRB- , but that included the important salt pond near the Dutch capital of Philipsburg .
But for some recipients , there is a downside to the checks from Anthem Inc. , issued to policyholders as part of the insurer 's conversion to a publicly traded company .
i do n't even know how they figure it really i 'm glad i do n't work in a store
and uh as a matter of fact he 's a draft dodger
The islands ' names refer to the different force winds hitting them , not their topography .
They look just as good as new . '' They cut them carefully and ripped away the oilskin .
For a second , I thought the crowd might provide me with some cover , or at least slow my pursuers down with its sheer density .
At the western end of Cowgate -LRB- where it meets Holyrood Road -RRB- , you will see one of the few remaining sections of Edinburgh 's old city wall -LRB- Flodden Wall -RRB- , built following the Lang Siege of the 1570s .
Complacency came easily after a couple of weeks without capture .
As with other types of internal controls , this is a cycle of activity , not an exercise with a defined beginning and end .
I feel that you probably underestimate the danger , and therefore warn you again that I can promise you no protection .
Once the pious devotions are over , however , wine flows , fireworks explode , espetada -LRB- kebab -RRB- stalls flourish , and Monte regains normality for another 363 days .
If necessary to meeting the restrictions imposed in the preceding sentence , the Administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the basic Phase II allowance allocations for each unit subject to the requirements of section 414 .
The next year , he was expelled from Rand as a security risk after local police caught him engaging in a lewd act in a public men 's room near Muscle Beach .
Always Sacrilegious , Always Coca-Cola . -RRB-
Maybe in that sense , the behavior of the Pippens and Iversons of the world is defensible .
Based on field observations and some discussions with U.S.
that 's their signal
See you Aug. 12 , or soon thereafter , we hope .
On my honour , I will hang him as high as Haman ! ''
Friendly Fire , by Joe Lovano and Greg Osby -LRB- Blue Note Records -RRB- .
Land of Lincoln helped Tasha Johnson of Marion get Social Security benefits to support her four children after the 29-year-old woman was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma , a type of cancer , she said .
From the corner of his eye he saw Jamus look over the broken mare .
We need to look at the implications that these differing roles have for a range of issues , such as SES core competencies , performance standards , recruitment sources , mobility , and training and development programs .
TIG funds support the Technology Evaluation Project , an initiative of the Legal Aid Society of Cincinnati .
The 28 sta?tues representing the kings of Judah and Israel have been remodeled after the drawings of Viollet-le-Duc ; the original ones were pulled down during the Revolution , since they were thought to be the kings of France .
No , John , I said , `` it is n't one of us .
uh we 've gotten a little Atari computer uh husband describes it as a a computer with training wheels
2 . Receiving Water Samples
But you might as well see for yourself if you do n't believe me . The note , in Tuppence 's well-known schoolboy writing , ran as follows : `` DEAR JULIUS , `` It 's always better to have things in black and white .
Through the opt-out approach , Texas attorneys contributed $ 1 million this year , doubling 2001 contributions .
Folklore of Ibiza
But if you do , kill them .
yep that 's what he 's worried about the trees or a bush because lilac bushes they they grow fast some people uh would really like to have them and then the people that do have them they spread and they sprout all over their their lawn
Text box 4.1 describes how the NIPA and unified budget concepts differ .
uh-huh i i thought they did an excellent job of actually aging the person you know from when he was a little kid to little older to little older to except the last the very last you know the last person the last actor that played the kid
i wonder how they kept up with them though it seemed like the buffaloes were moving so fast i guess they graze though that would n't have been a problem
Arafat is also ailing and has no clear successor .
They proclaimed Japan 's mission to bring progress to its backward Asian neighbors in language not so very different from that of the Europeans in Africa or the US in Latin America .
This site provides information links , tools , and resources developed for the benefit of the audit profession , including audit programs , best practices , and research services .
-LRB- j -RRB- Promotional items a member receives as a consequence of using travel or transportation services procured by the United States or accepted pursuant to 31
The Lake District is not the place to come if you want lots of action into the early morning hours .
no uh i have a friend who works for TI and uh i work for a a tire service here in i 'm from Dallas
For more sweeping panoramas , you can hike for less than an hour to either summit Petit-Bourg -LRB- 716 m/2 ,349 ft -RRB- or Pigeon -LRB- 770 m/2 ,526 ft -RRB- .
She graduated in 1995 owing $ 58,000 in loans .
I like ethnic humor .
After the purge of foreigners , only a few stayed on , strictly confined to Dejima Island in Nagasaki Bay .
um yeah that sounds kind of neat uh is location at all important to you like you know how far it is from your house or whatever
But you will find it all right . ''
Smart men make good thieves , as long as they 're desperate .
and maybe we 'll run across each other again
We should n't have been here as soon as this even , if it had n't been for the fact that there was a smart doctor on the spot , who gave us the tip through the Coroner .
i can believe i can believe that
I feel , though , that I should like to point out to you once more the risks you are running , especially if you pursue the course you indicate .
` For one thing , Mr. Franklin , you appear to be taking your...re-actualisation ... extremely well . '
The Joint Venture which has so amply justified itself by success ! '' It was drunk with acclamation .
Second , Clinton has n't used the bully pulpit to speak out against drug use nearly as often as his two predecessors did .
all they you know thinking that they 're going to have money and jobs and success and everything and then they then there is no jobs and they end up homeless and not knowing anybody and no money and it 's terrible
The museum is open from 9am to 1pm and 2 to 5pm Monday to Friday -LRB- with audio-visual shows in the afternoon -RRB- , and on Saturday mornings .
Against his own advice , Ca ` daan dared to stare off the edge once as they neared the end .
In a new retrospective , the Vienna modernist -LRB- 1890-1918 -RRB- wins critics ' grudging respect .
The data would be presented as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the consolidated financial statements of the Federal Government but not in individual reports of its component units .
well that 's not why i got it right how do you like your tread mill
Scutari is traditionally associated with the name of Florence Nightingale .
On your right is the entrance to the 16th-century Sandal Bedesten , with lovely brick vaults supported on massive stone pillars .
I think it is important for everyone to understand the extent to which First-Class mail is already carrying a disproportionate share of the institutional cost or overhead burden of the postal system .
Splendid !
The analyses comply with the informational requirements of the sections including the classes of small entities subject to the rule and alternatives considered to reduce the burden on the small entities .
It 's a great novelty , but very expensive .
The Kal nodded .
i think the rate of processing is just about uh reached the rate of housing anyway so keep the keep the normal as it is ca n't upset the system very much
the only problem is it 's not large enough it only holds about i think they squeezed when Ryan struck out his five thousandth player they they squeezed about forty thousand people in there
Look , there 's a legend here .
The Wall Street Journal Business Bulletin has a fact that dramatizes how profoundly well-off this country is -- Americans throw out approximately 12 percent of the stuff they buy at the supermarket .
Agency officials stated that copies of both the initial and the final analysis were submitted to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the Small Business Administration as required by section 605 -LRB- b -RRB- .
And it was exactly on such a day , as this carefully selected Wednesday -LRB- which blushed from this distinction -RRB- , that the mini-anti-aggressor was going to make the biggest of impressions .
we have tickets waiting for us
Leather Wares
So he clearly found a way to project a bandwagon of strength without putting U.S. troops on the line .
This is Susan .
Designed by George Meikle Kemp , an unknown draftsman of humble birth , the monument took its inspiration from the design of MelroseAbbey .
In fact , the sloping shoulder was the noticeable feature of the new clothes of the Dior era , coming as it did immediately in the wake of the Joan Crawford/Rosalind Russell period and its vigorous shoulder padding .
Who are these sons of eggs ?
When Jesus was born in about 4 b.c. , Joseph and Mary escaped Herod 's paranoia by fleeing into Egypt with the new-born infant .
Do n't remember .
i think we have too thank you very much you too bye-bye
Jon took Susan to the mother of the boy who had befriended her .
This is my old friend , Monsieur Poirot , whom I have not seen for years . ''
apparently apparently the appraisers likes it because our taxes sure is high is n't it it really is
senior management oversight and approval ofRequired acquisition objectives and plans .
The interior of the palace is very dark , and the use of flash is forbidden , so photographers should think twice before paying the extra fee for bringing in a camera or video equipment .
and that you 're very much right but the jury may or may not see it that way so you get a little anticipate you know anxious there and go well you know
Be of good cheer ,
-LSB- I -RSB- n You 're the Top Porter does not capitalize on the text 's potential for realism .
For example , Bruce Barton 's The Man Nobody Knows , a best seller in 1925-26 , portrays Jesus as the ultimate businessman .
Had we had more money we would have facilitated more conferences .
Now they 're telling mothers to deny food to infants all night long once the kids are a few months old .
The park is a graceful and elegant expanse with fine views of the mountains , much loved by Dubliners since it was first opened to the public in 1747 .
Then I considered .
Diamonds are graded from D to X , with only D , E , and F considered good , D being colorless or river white , J slightly tinted , Q light yellow , and S to X yellow .
i think there would be an awful lot of resentment and um i i really do n't think it would be feasible on our country
In its submission , HCFA did not identify any other statute or executive order imposing procedural requirements relevant to the rule .
The truth ?
Built in a.d. 715 to help measure the peak and trough of the Nile flood .
I 'd noticed him more than once and I 'd figured it out in my own mind that he was afraid of somebody or something .
On the second point , Judge Newton said in a recent interview , I 've heard this complaint a hundred times .
However unsatisfactory and over-argued the revisionist case , it did make one serious that the United States had clear national and economic interests and found the Cold War an unusually congenial way to pursue them .
The new rights are nice enough
and you fry them with garlic and a little bit of couple dashes of hot pepper
I turned a curve and I was just in time to see him ring the bell and get admitted to the house .
well we bought this with credit too well we found it with a clearance uh down in Memphis i guess and uh
On top is a broad plateau 650 metres -LRB- 2,132 feet -RRB- long by 300 metres -LRB- 984 feet -RRB- wide .
There are also dozens of fabulous pictures .
John Panzar has characterized street delivery as a bottleneck function because a single firm can deliver to a recipient at a lower total cost than multiple firms delivering to the same customer .
This one ended up being surprisingly easy !
It is extremely dangerous to Every trip to the store becomes a temptation .
In 1995 and again in 1998 , the Legal Services Corporation recognized that legal services programs were going to have to change the method and manner in which they conducted their business if they were going to remain viable and responsive to the needs of low income persons .
The streets are crammed with vendors selling shrine offerings of sweets , curds , and coconut , as well as garlands and holy images .
Five years ago , Speaker-elect Newt Gingrich promised to make important information available online at the same moment that it is available to the highest-paid Washington lobbyist .
It was utterly mad .
This was the site of the Bateau-Lavoir studio , an unprepossessing glass-roofed loft reconstructed since a 1970 fire .
Another thing those early French and Dutch settlers agreed upon was that their island should be free of levies on any imported goods .
They were quite , tetanic in character . ''
The unintended side effect is radical , direct In what other state do voters set the tax rates ?
eThe number of deletions was negligible .
kind of kind of nothing i wo n't have anything to do with
Because the paper did not say that .
The basic elements of life in the Aegean began to come together as early as 5000 b.c. , and were already in place by the late Bronze Age -LRB- c.
have that well and it does n't seem like very many people uh are really i mean there 's a lot of people that are on death row but there 's not very many people that actually um do get killed
' She gets a little obsessive about her sauce .
However , if people can readily withdraw money from tax-preferred accounts for purposes other than retirement , there is no assurance that tax incentives would ultimately enhance individuals ' retirement security .
The castle itself comprises an early 17th-century tower house , restored with Irish oak from the park which is held together without a single nail .
The event is the definition of a crowd pleaser , replete with appearances by the Rockettes , the Mormon Tabernacle Choir , and Santa Claus -LRB- the act is n't entirely without bite ; there 's also a very funny moment involving a heart attack -RRB- .
yeah okay yeah those games are fun to watch you you you watch those games
However , the extent to which these comments were electronically available and the role that this access played in the rulemaking process varied substantially .
The association 's mission is to reduce the incidence of fraud and white-collar crime through prevention and education .
Near Jerusalem
Traditionally , certain designs were reserved for royalty , but today elegant geometric or exuberant , stylized floral patterns are available to all .
um-hum they have socialized socialized health care
-LRB- Cohen 1999 -RRB- Although many observers would view this as an extreme step it could reduce costs and allow increased efficiencies .
it 'll be a nice little bit of money we 're going to
They just do n't like it as much as men do .
The national mood is stressed on the octagonal spire of the University 's Rajabai Clocktower , with 24 figures representing the castes of the Maharashtra State , of which Mumbai is the capital .
Scotland became little more than an English county .
okay i guess i 'll get back to my laundry
The day may well come , as Barlow and Dyson seem to believe , when book publishers as we know them will disappear .
Because marginal costs are very low , a newspaper price for preprints might be as low as 5 or 6 cents per piece .
um-hum yeah i saw that for the first time yesterday in the evening
When we encounter the young woman again , she has taken a job as the live-in domestic at a huge and crumbling Roman townhouse belonging to an English loner named Jason Kinsky -LRB- David Thewlis -RRB- .
so you know well a lot of the stuff you hear coming from South Africa now and from West Africa that 's considered world music because it 's not particularly using certain types of folk styles
That is exactly what our head coupon issuer Alan Greenspan did in 1987 -- and what I believe he would do again .
The man shifted slightly and cut the spear out of the air .
And it needs work too , you know , in case I have to jump out with this parachute from my lil ' blue sports plane for real . '
Founded in 1979 , AFFIRM 's members include information resource management professionals within the federal , academic , and industry sectors .
yeah it 's a U S territory and it 's just we own it or
For instance , mandatory account proposals are more likely to increase private saving because such a program would require households that do not currently save-such as many low-income individuals or families-to place some amount in an individual account .
Beautiful examples of enamelware , ceramics , and pottery are produced in great abundance , often following a Celtic theme .
We 're going to try something different this morning , said Jon .
You will learn later that the person who usually poured out Mrs. Inglethorp 's medicine was always extremely careful not to shake the bottle , but to leave the sediment at the bottom of it undisturbed .
and see the thing is you know he go out and he 'll spend it when he wants you know and uh uh i 'm afraid to i 'm afraid to use that credit card
If you missed the two top stories in yesterday 's USAT -- the government 's first post-deregulation attempt to preserve competitiveness among airlines and the emergence of a drug that can prevent breast cancer -- they are on the NYT 's front today .
Enthusiasm for Disney 's Broadway production of The Lion King dwindles .
Very simply .
they might be but not at not at the human factors level
no i i just painted
A newly unified Christian Spain under the Catholic Monarchs , Ferdinand and Isabella , completed the Reconquest , defeating the only Moorish enclave left on the Iberian peninsula , Granada , in 1492 .
Major journeys from one part of the country to another , say , from Milan to Rome or down to Naples , is most enjoyed by train buffs and travelers with plenty of time , patience , and curiosity .
Are you sure we should take him down there ? ' Greuze asked Natalia .
One he broke back to about the length of his forearm .
yeah well we veered from the subject
oh for heaven sakes for the drugs yeah uh-huh
Through the Web site , a total of 1,634 associates donated nearly $ 200,000 to Legal Aid in 2002 .
Guards would regulate those who entered and departed .
or just get out and walk uh or even jog a little although i do n't do that regularly but Washington 's a great place to do that
and i do n't think they 've repainted since
oh constantly
Ca ` daan 's mouth hung open .
I am due to speak at a meeting at two o'clock .
This breakdown of PA-Israeli cooperation is the basis for the Israeli complaint that Arafat is culpable for last week 's Jerusalem bombing .
Each state is different , and in some states , intra-state regions differ significantly as well .
The baby 's father responded by filing a wrongful death suit .
A contract that provides for a firm price or in
All the steps of data reduction and coding are described , along with the basis for transformations in these steps .
The pieces are unloaded and fed into sorting machines .
right well there 's yeah there there 's going to be some measure of incentive uh reward or whatever but the reward ultimately ultimately comes down to what you want
The other bank pays the fund interest based upon tiered account levels , more typical of a large commercial account .
they do n't i do n't i do n't work at TI
And far , far away - lying still on the tracks - was the back of the train .
Look out for that overseer up there .
As it is now , Web companies not only have the ability to provide diabolically precise demographic targeting to political campaigns , they can also make such offers exclusively .
Even if auditors do not follow such other standards and methodologies , they may still serve as a useful source of guidance to auditors in planning their work under GAGAS .
yeah they were my favorite team for a while
The Shore Temple , which has withstood the wind and the waves for 12 centuries , is made up of two shrines .
I hope that all key parties will take the necessary steps to address any real and perceived problems that serve to undercut public trust and confidence .
We are concerned that the significant emissions reductions are required too quickly .
um well i hate to yes i do
No , I exclaimed , astonished .
I am asserting my membership in the club of Old Geezers .
In kampung workshops you can watch fantastic birds and butterflies being made of paper -LRB- and increasingly , nowadays , of plastic , too -RRB- drawn over strong , flexible bamboo frames .
i 'm not sure what the overnight low was
Why , when I was your age , I already had ... '' Dave was n't listening any longer .
All the Eilat activities can be booked through Red Sea Sports -LRB- see Scuba Diving , below -RRB- .
The increased investment has contributed to higher GDP growth in recent years , and the stronger economy should help in servicing the debt owed to foreigners .
11 These departures permit them take advantage of the lower cost of living as well as to be reunited with their spouses and children .
All requests to provide live testimony at one of the two public hearings were granted .
yeah and they 've got those bins that just stay there and they decorated them real cute you know with a bunch of big old flowers and stuff
The last thing we want is any more attention or any more bounty hunters .
Along with each step , certain practices proved especially important to the success of their efforts .
During the hottest hours , things come to a virtual standstill , though the Caribbean siesta is an hour or two shorter than its Mediterranean counterpart .
uh well i figured if i had it done in the garage at the Toyota dealer i would be looking at probably three or four hundred dollars
Routine screening and intervention will require engendering a sense of role responsibility among emergency department clinicians towards addressing substance abuse .
For instance , one state government CIO attributed his success to his breadth of experience across a variety of financial , retail , and IT units , which facilitates his ability to
Yes , undoubtedly the hand of Mr. Brown ! Mr. Carter paused .
That story remains to be told .
do you do you put it in the refrigerator then or you
Apparently , Greuze was n't worried about needing protection .
The agency also receives a percentage of money from the Interest On Lawyers ' Trust Accounts .
it was really a nice compromise especially because she felt like she was still living in her own house and she still had her own couch and her own bed and it it really helped a lot and she was a lot more comfortable and she did n't
While the Freedom of Information Act , the Trade Secrets Act , and other statutes may generally protect certain categories of information from disclosure by an agency to the public , this protection does not justify withholding the information from GAO .
After their savage battles , the warriors recuperated through meditation in the peace of a Zen monastery rock garden .
For example , a case study of the effectiveness of a job training program might need to take into account general economic trends , such as unemployment rates in the community .
Once there , he or she must alight from the vehicle and proceed to the mailbox , then return to the vehicle , turn it around and proceed to the road .
' I do n't know what happened , exactly . ' I said .
36 AC usage nationally for mercury control from power plants should be roughly proportional to the total MWe of coal-fired facilities that are equipped with the technology -LRB- this assumes an average capacity factor of 85 percent and other assumptions of Tables 4-4 and 4-5 -RRB- .
Long ago -- or away , or whatever -- there was a world called Thar ?? and another called Erath .
approaches to achieving missions vary considerably between agencies .
Sit down , will you ? '' Tuppence sat down on the chair facing him .
Or else it was administered in the brandy you gave her .
The Weekly Standard argues that America should back Lee with words now and , if necessary , military force later , but the Washington Post reports that the U.S. envoys will pressure him to back down .
Do n't expect to be swinging much after midnight , even in towns .
Egg cattle merry wedged marvelous
He had to try something .
We know essentially nothing about life beyond Earth .
and they 're illegal so i do n't think it would do us any good to outlaw them all together
Although this award will now be handed out annually , Bailey was selected for several years of his commitment .
and oh okay and then went to Colorado
We can leave them and let them die , said Thorn .
okay what types of music do you like to listen to
The door opened and Severn stepped out .
The program covers those units covered by the new nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program that are located in the States in the WRAP and that , in any year starting in 2000 , emit more than 100 tons of sulfur dioxide and are used to produce electricity for sale .
The newspaper publishes just one letter a week from a reader , always with an editorial riposte at the bottom .
Jon saw him ride into the smoke .
And the door into Mr. Inglethorp 's room ?
uh-huh oh yeah i had n't heard that one let 's see i ca n't oh gosh that that probably wipes out my whole inventory of TV shows other than um PBS i
At the far end of David Street , Temple Mount is one of the world 's most sacred spots to three major religions .
The Commission published a summary of its Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis in the Federal Register on September 12 , 1996 -LRB- 61 Fed .
no i mean there there there was nothing to it i mean
In his effort to build nationalism across Turkey in the 1920s , Ataterk instituted a campaign to suppress Kurdish identity that continues today .
There are two challengers to these top dogs .
oh yeah all all mine are uh purebreds so i keep them in
The Mosque of El-Jezzar , built in 1781 , dominates the landside of the old city -LRB- the other three sides jut into the Mediterranean -RRB- .
This was used for ceremonial purposes , allowing statues of the gods to be carried to the river for journeys to the west bank , or to the Luxor sanctuary .
The Chinese calendar was used to calculate the year of Japan 's foundation by counting back the 1,260 years of the Chinese cosmological cycle .
The great thing is to keep calm . '' Julius groaned .
Do n't you remember ? Today we 're going to auntie Basia 's birthday party . '
NEH-supported exhibitions were distinguished by their elaborate wall panels -- educational maps , photomurals , stenciled treatises -- which competed with the objects themselves for space and attention .
and if it 's above six hundred you 're going to have to do it and i got one thirty one
you sound like this girl that i talked to about books and we got into movies one night
We hate them because they are smarter , or more studious , or more focused than we are .
Judge Bailey was chosen because he should be looked at as the representative of all future winners .
to uh working a steady eight hour job as it were i had been working for a camp and had relatively real long hours sixteen years old and could handle getting up at five and not getting to bed until ten or eleven and
It 's absurd but I ca n't help it . Sir James nodded again .
New York Times Book Review Editor Charles McGrath , a former deputy to William Shawn at the New Yorker , calls Lillian Ross ' memoir about her affair with Shawn on occasion factually inaccurate or misleading and a betrayal of Shawn 's high editorial principles .
and uh you know it 's like they they consider that but it would be the same way here you know it 's like if if you had to do it you know you have a big sign i 'm sorry i do n't get paid you know
yeah well that 's the other thing you know they talk about women leaving the home and going out to work well still taking care of the children is a very important job and and someone 's got to do it and be able to do it right and
Asked about abortion the other day on CNN , Republican National Committee Chairman Jim Nicholson also invoked what is apparently the party-line inclusive party .
What am I to do with them afterwards ? ''
The centralization dear to Richelieu and Louis XIV was becoming a reality .
Strom Thurmond , R-S.C . , celebrated his 95 th birthday by announcing that he will relinquish the chairmanship of the Senate Armed Services Committee a year from now .
The main gate of the churchyard leads out to Greyfriars Place , and across the street you will find an excellent view of one of Scotland 's newest museums .
My brain refusing to command properly .
He caught his breath .
because i i mean i do n't know it 's just something i think something we need
Also , considerable sums are spent by the Postal Service analyzing the costs associated with worksharing , and mailers/competitors incur considerable expense litigating their positions on worksharing before the Postal Rate Commission .
defiantly if you live in an apartment right
Little is recorded about this group , but they were probably the ancestors of the Gododdin , whose feats are told in a seventh-century Old Welsh manuscript .
At the least , he was hired in an attempt to influence administration China policy .
At Gatehouse , in Kent .
We should seek to achieve the most good or benefit , with the least harm and destruction of things that we value , he argued .
probably so yeah you can get a head start on it
`` So your girl writes that your little farewell activity did n't fare so well , eh ? '' he chortled .
but West Texas now was a hundred and ten and i did n't mind that at all you know because it was so dry
Pick up a map from the tourist office here and ask about walking tours .
you want to punch the button and go
A proserous tourist district , it is full of shopping centers and department stores , along with a number of good restaurants .
The South African priest who invited Clinton to do so is quoted in the paper as saying that once Clinton stood up , he was thinking about how much embarrassment it would have caused him by my saying , please sit down .
` And I do n't want to risk a fire fight with what appear to be horribly equal numbers . '
Unfortunately , the magnet schools began the undoing of desegregation in Charlotte .
Windows 95 costs about $ 90 at my local computer superstore .
oh thank God i 've never been to Midland
A little past the small theater built for local dramatic performances , there 's a fine view across the bay to Basse-Terre .
Consistent with GAO 's Congressional Protocols , GAO will then offer the requester -LRB- s -RRB- a draft of the product that is with the agency for comment .
profit rather
LASNNY is one of the oldest and most cost-effective legal services organizations in the United States .
But , as the last problem I 'll outline suggests , neither of the previous two objections matters .
Hence , it appears likely that the proportion of LC to AO mail is less for inbound mail than for outbound .
Civil libertarians denounced it as an improper church-state partnership , a sectarian scheme to milk the taxpayer , and a feel-good diversion from the rest of the coalition 's agenda .
There are certain categories of control activities that are common to all agencies .
These are issues that we wrestle with in practice groups of law firms , she said .
What Ellison is doing here , as Hemingway did , is equating the process of becoming an artist with that of becoming a man .
Mr. Erlenborn attended undergraduate courses at the University of Notre Dame , Indiana University , the University of Illinois , and Loyala University of Chicago .
more of a football powerhouse up there i guess
yeah you can also do the same thing using um if you have ground beef just stir fry the ground beef drain off the oil use the same hoi sin sauce and um some of the frozen mixed vegetables
It spoils the sport .
Czarek was welcomed enthusiastically , even though the poultry brotherhood was paying a lot of sudden attention to the newcomers - a strong group of young and talented managers from an egzemo-exotic chicken farm in Fodder Band nearby Podunkowice .
Pat Buchanan followed immediately behind , handing out smallpox-infected blankets and bottles of whiskey .
The census of 1931 served as an alarm signal for the Malay national consciousness .
Nothing prior to May 7 , 1915 .
Took forever .
you know some of the really the really emotional ones have you followed the Dallas elections on zoning
That 's an opportunity that very few people have had .
After four years , Clinton has learned how to avoid looking unpresidential .
Despite huge projected increases in food production , per capita food consumption in South Asia , the Middle East , and the less-developed nations of Africa will scarcely improve or will actually decline below present inadequate levels .
Oh ! I exclaimed , much relieved .
One of them , darker skinned , had hair braided into two lines .
They greeted her and she smiled shyly back .
The Revolutionaries could n't be dissuaded from destroying most of the cathedral 's statues , although 67 were saved -LRB- many of the originals are now housed in the Mus ?? e de l'Oeuvre Notre-Dame next door -RRB- .
8th circa b.c.Greeks colonize Sicily and other southern regions
They are built on the site of David 's Tower , once the largest and most formidable structure in the castle .
Wacky Tangent of the Washington Week in Review host Ken Bode scolded the New York Times Magazine for a Nov. 9 fashion spread he said endorsed the now-discredited fashion trend of heroin chic .
A group of guys went out for a drink after work , and sitting at the bar was a real a 6 foot blonde with a fabulous face and figure to match .
They said that -LRB- 1 -RRB- agencies need to be able to design their procedures to fit their particular circumstances -LRB- e.g.
It is worth a visit , if only to see the theater itself .
Clean shaven , I think and dark . ''
They have prominent red protuberances and may have been named after the British redcoats .
right after the war
Ca ` daan closed the door behind them and retied the not .
how long has he been in his present position
For example , the moderate scenario assumes a 50 % or $ 1 .
but i think that 's probably a good idea
If you still want to join , it might be worked .
We are concerned that the significant emissions reductions are required too quickly .
It 's very hard to believe , for anyone who knows me well , but I was actually speechless for a period , Zelon said .
' I really do n't feel comfortable around people who enjoy making speeches . '
Even after having just seen Adrin 's skill with his rapier , Ca ` daan had not seen a man move so sure and so naturally with such devastating results .
At the top , it bore the printed stamp of Messrs.
As he emerged , Boris remarked , glancing up at the clock : `` You are early .
More than half of 800,000 native islanders are children , and the mother is traditionally responsible for bringing them up , handling the money , and making key domestic decisions .
and you back in you know and or just pull into your spot and uh some you can rent by the year some you can rent daily or nightly or by the week or whatever
With a little practice almost anyone can flip off to an interesting rock formation and watch the multi-coloured fish pass in review .
A detailed English explanation of the plot is always provided , and wireless recorded commentary units are sometimes available .
: Adrin 's Third Lesson
The fancifully decorated Macau Palace , a floating casino moored on the western waterfront , is fitted out with gambling tables , slot machines -LRB- known locally as hungry tigers -RRB- and , for hungry humans , a restaurant .
She People are rarely indifferent to the magazines I 've put out .
well that 's right because uh one day it 'll be eighty and the next day it 'll be about thirty below i tell you what and uh
he was he 's of course uh i guess he 's trained in this uh martial arts of some sort but the plot was bland the acting was bland It was just mostly centered upon his abilities to
An important early material , obsidian , was discovered on the island of Milos .
18 In 1989 , rural carriers received an average of 34 cents per mile as a motor vehicle allowance .
` Wait here , ' I was ordered .
aCondition Assessment Survey -LRB- CAS -RRB- .
and clean up is is uh is a joy uh a little soap and water and air dry them and you do n't have to worry about that
Deborah Pryce said Ohio Legal Services in Columbus will receive a $ 200,000 federal grant toward an online legal self-help center .
Basically , to sell myself .
Of particular significance -- the American public has become acutely aware of the hazards to their health , including the risk of mortality , posed by inhalation of fine particles and exposure to mercury through fish consumption .
At the west end is a detailed model of the whole temple complex .
Visigoths sack Rome
Base year data will be actual receipt and outlay data for the last completed fiscal year
This town , which flourished between 6500 and 5500 b.c. , had flat-roofed houses of mud and timber decorated with wall-paintings , some of which show patterns that still appear on Anatolian kilims .
A new guideline , for example , may tell us to send heart surgery patients home earlier .
Moreover , these excise taxes , like other taxes , are determined through the exercise of the power of the Government to compel payment .
However , co-requesters can not approve additional co-requesters or restrict the timing of the release of the product after it is issued .
The 2000 census showed Illinois with about 35,000 fewer people who are eligible for LSC services because of low income , about $ 22,000 a year for a family of four , Kleiman said .
Also , lack of winter freezes means that mites normally killed off by the cold will survive .
you know they ca n't really defend themselves like somebody grown uh say my age you know yeah
yeah because i was saying to him i said i 'm not that heavy i 'm not heavy you know maybe ten to fifteen pounds like any other human being
Attractively colorful ukiyo-e woodblock prints and scroll paintings can be found in antique stores , second-hand bookstores , and even temple markets .
While obviously constrained by their bondage , blacks nonetheless forged a culture rich with religious observances , folk tales , family traditions , song , and so on .
Ramses II did not build it from stone but had it hewn into the cliffs of the Nile valley at a spot that stands only 7 km -LRB- 4 miles -RRB- from the Sudan border , in the ancient land of Nubia .
One 23-year-old White House assistant was interrogated about a triple murder that took place at a Starbucks in Georgetown .
Unsurprisingly , golfing is prohibitively expensive .
huh-uh the the yeah see the Taurus Show has the spoiler kit and the and the big engine and the and stuff like that
the wagon man got killed when they attacked him
Mack Lee , Body Servant of General Robert E. Lee Through the Civil War , published in 1918 .
Trying Your Luck
John Kasich dropped his presidential bid .
The Throne Room is one of a series of apartments built during the reign of Charles II , though it was originally designed as a guard room that screened entrants to the private chambers beyond .
You wake up one bright autumn morning and you 're halfway to the subway when you decide to walk to work instead .
The emotional effect is undiminished , and the gory effects are usually horribly creative .
Initiatives that we suggested for the CIO Council to consider
Each caters to a specific crowd , so hunt around until you find the one right for you .
Then it occurred to me that the criminal standard was a low one .
He says he brought the proposal for professional parachute helmets with an air-bag system . '
right and uh there 's usually nobody running against you know the incumbents
so i do n't completely agree with that either
France knew a good thing when she seized one , but then so did Britain .
well do you know you have a ten limit a ten minute time limit well that 's okay and then they come on and tell you and they tell you got five seconds to say good-bye
well no see i 'm from a town named Panhandle
In the stock market , however , the damage can get much worse .
Here you 'll find many clothing stores for all ages and a large branch of Dunnes Stores , an Irish clothes - and food-shop chain .
-LRB- sums up the millennium coverage from around the globe , and examines whether the Y2K preparations were a waste . -RRB-
The air is warm .
I am a lacto-vegetarian .
Fast forward to 1994 and beyond .
He looks so awfully tired and bored , and yet you feel that underneath he 's just like steel , all keen 38 and flashing .
Some experts say there 's a greater chance of a making a catch in the cooler days of spring and autumn , and in the hours after sunset .
A fresh access of pain seized the unfortunate old lady .
There are no means of destroying it ; and he dare not keep it .
i 'm not exactly sure
yeah i try to no i uh uh try not to use any insecticides at all i try not to even use insecticides on my lawn but i sometimes i ca n't manage
In 1654 Oliver Cromwell , Lord Protector of England , dispatched a British fleet to the Caribbean to break the stranglehold of the Spanish .
for one twelve dollar check
and see if Kansas if Kansas yeah but then you know it could be what if they 're not hitting that night or they 're low or anything and see i i feel like the college you know it 's kids it 's still kids
The draft treaty was Tommy 's bait .
Sometimes more than one denomination shares one church .
I am not aware of any studies comparing the number of words an average person could expect to hear spoken in a typical day 500 years ago vs. the number that can be heard now , but the increase surely is vast .
There is uncertainty associated with all of the numbers presented in this paper due to sampling error and estimation error in econometric estimation procedure used to recover household-level demand functions
The renowned Theban queen Nefertari , wife of Ramses II , has the most ornate tomb -LRB- number 66 -RRB- but it is not always accessible .
A man like me can not fail ... .
The cane plantations , increasingly in the hands of American tycoons , found a ready market in the US .
said San ` doro .
AC Green 's pretty good
China 's civil war sent distressing echoes to Hong Kong .
Sphinxes were guardian deitiesinEgyptianmythologyandthis was monumentalprotection , standing73 m -LRB- 240 ft -RRB- longand20 m -LRB- 66 feet -RRB- high .
He celebrated the fact by announcing that the capital would be moved from Calcutta to a whole new city to be built in Delhi .
ECONOMETRIC MODEL - An equation or a set of related equations used to analyze economic data through mathematical and statistical techniques .
Some bugs are hell to track down .
Court officials include the phone numbers of the local Legal Services office and county lawyer referral system on every summons .
I leap ! '' And , in very truth , run and leap he did , gambolling wildly down the stretch of lawn outside the long window .
All of them slept in one cave on animal skins , a single large clay pot cooked all of their food .
Or just a philosophy of any weapon to hand ?
Executives do so by examining their internal environments and asking a series of questions about the problems that need fixing , how information technology and management can help , and how a CIO might best fit within their management structures to guide technology solutions .
He felt the off-hand dagger 's weight in the small of his back .
Oh yeah ? San Barenakedino ? How 's he ? Clarisse and Onardo both asked .
Until all members of our society are afforded that access , this promise of our government will continue to be unfulfilled .
Possibly , but strychnine is a fairly rapid drug in its action .
This tourist heartland is also home to 100,000 Jamaicans who live in the hills surrounding the town .
The Implementation of National and European Legislation Concerning Air Emissions from Large Combustion Plants in Germany
did oh they 're they are everywhere they
i wish it was as good over here as it is over there but if you 're the
Ca ` daan saw confidence flow back into the young man .
That analysis is guided by an economist 's faith in the maxim that people are generally pretty good at looking out for their own interests .
His heels clicked together .
In fact , you 're going to be rewarded .
But it just might be because he 's afraid he 'll lose his No .
The 2000 census showed Illinois with about 35,000 fewer people who are eligible for LSC services because of low income , about $ 22,000 a year for a family of four , Kleiman said .
Linda Tripp was indicted for illegally taping telephone conversations with Monica Lewinsky .
Waldemar Szary , a food technician at the OSM ` Paziocha ' , was having a very bad day - the kind of a very bad day , which normally comes after one of those very good days .
We come to a little difficulty here , since Mrs. Inglethorp never drank it . ''
The Honorable Bill Archer , Chairman The Honorable Charles B. Rangel Ranking Minority Member Committee on Ways and Means House of Representatives
It lacked intelligence , introspection , and humor -- it was crass , worthy of Cosmopolitan or Star . I do have a sense of humor , but can only appreciate a joke when it starts with a grain of truth .
But the state does arguably have an interest , compatible with the First Amendment , in stipulating the way those media are used , and Fiss ' discussion of those issues is the least aggravating in his book .
Charles Geveden has introduced legislation that will increase the Access to Justice supplement on court filing fees .
uh and i think even Electric Light Orchestra had some some real um influences by classical music and i 'm still still my favorite in fact most of my CDs that i got are classical music
The media focused on Liggett 's admissions of the obvious -- that cigarettes are addictive and cause cancer and heart disease -- and its agreement to pay the states a quarter of its -LRB- relatively small -RRB- pretax profits for the next 25 years .
The AMS system also allows users to search the full text of the public comments , identifies form letter comments and ex parte communications ,8 and provides a list of related government web sites-features that are currently not available in the DOT docket management system .
Children will enjoy the little steam train that loops around the bay to Le Crotoy in the summer .
Took forever .
yes i 've had a German Shepherd that did that one time
yeah i can usually i can put in oh probably mid March i can put anything in the ground you know beets and onions and stuff like that
Knowing this can help workers understand that some combination of revenue increases and benefit reductions will be necessary to restore the program 's long-term solvency .
and the nurses are n't no see you have to pay that
We look forward to receiving comments from the readers of this paper .
Be sure to look around and compare before buying .
Those Creole men and women you 'll see dancing it properly have been moving their hips and knees that way since childhood .
right oh they 've really done uh good job of keeping everybody informed of what 's going on sometimes i 've wondered if it was n't almost more than we needed to know
no that 's true and and and Lord knows with that legislature up there they probably did all kinds of things while he was n't looking
Citing conservative critics of Brown vs.
appropriate agency representatives , help resolve
Also , stakeholders may not interpret principles consistently , and it is important for stakeholders to have the same conceptual framework as preparers when interpreting a principle .
But the real dirty work had already been done .
The Passaic office is refusing to join in that reconfiguration , which goes into effect Jan. .
After several years of private practice from 1982-90 , he became the judge of Decatur County Court for a year .
David Cope , a professor of music at the University of California at Santa Cruz , claims to have created a 42 nd Mozart symphony .
He saw Stark buried under the earth , screaming for a mercy or death that would never come and crawling out of the rock decades later .
in one sense um i 'm i 'm an older person in my fifties so i feel that we 've lost some things in the sense that women have to work today
After shuttering the DOE , Clinton could depict himself as a crusader against waste and bureaucracy who succeeded where even Reagan failed .
Aswan became a backwater following the decline of the Egyptian Empire , far removed from power bases at Alexandria and Cairo .
Upon commencement of commercial operation of each new utility unit under subpart 1 of part B , the unit shall comply with the requirements of subsection -LRB- a -RRB- -LRB- 1 -RRB- .
It takes a deeper fire than most salamanders can stir , Ser Perth .
We will also need any able bodied men to help us spike the river .
Missouri was asked to continue its planning efforts and file a supplemental planning report with LSC on or before October 1 , 1999 .
I do n't know .
It is that prospect that may bring Republicans together to defend a CPI everyone knows is inaccurate .
The thing started to grow brighter .
For more than a year , Clinton 's surrogates have been calling Starr an out-of-control prosecutor .
that 's uh only way to do it
Click Friedrich Hayek ring to go ...
It is the official solution , Liq .
The order was founded by James VII -LRB- James II of England -RRB- and continues today .
Today the strait is busy with commercial shipping , ferries , and fishing boats , and its wooded shores are lined with pretty fishing villages , old Ottoman mansions , and the villas of Istanbul 's wealthier citizens .
Some management consultants describe dysfunctional interactions with one 's fellow workers as value-subtracting behavior .
and uh i 'm originally from Virginia and uh and my memories of summer have always been that stifling humidity
IDPA 's OIG 's mission is to prevent , detect , and eliminate fraud , waste , abuse , and misconduct in various payment programs .
and I 'm not a Negro tonight !
They encourage the view that there 's nothing -- from Iraqi germ weapons programs to Serbian atrocities -- that a few invisible planes ca n't fix .
Pesticide concentrations should not exceed USEPA 's Ambient Water Quality chronic criteria values where available .
17 An alternative to unaddressed mail would be to auction off the right to be a third bundle on specific days in specific post offices .
Several of its beaches are officially designated for nudism -LRB- known locally as naturisme -RRB- the most popular being Pointe Tarare and a functionary who is a Chevalier de la L ?? gion d'Honneur has been appointed to supervise all aspects of sunning in the buff .
In these cases , participants risk losing not only their jobs but also a significant portion of their retirement savings if their company files for bankruptcy .
We always knew it was an outside chance .
St. Barts , of course , is completely undefended .
And Alan Tonelson , of the U.S.
` We ca n't find him , Benjamin , ' Lincoln/Natalia said .
Then as he caught the other 's sidelong glance , `` No , the chauffeur wo n't help you any .
I hope that our common interests will lead us to a consensus - one that will provide the country with significant benefits .
I knew him and liked and respected him .
Something broke inside her , something in her head .
This fellow is flying a hot air balloon and suddenly realizes he is lost .
What idiots girls are !
-LRB- And yes , he has said a few things that can , with some effort , be construed as support for supply-side economics . -RRB-
now that 's an interesting point yeah i mean once the expectations are
Rouen is the ancient center of Normandy 's thriving textile industry , and the place of Joan of Arc 's martyrdom ' a national symbol of resistance to tyranny .
Thus , recent evidence suggests that by not including an estimate of reductions in short-term mortality due to changes in ambient ozone , both the Base and Alternative Estimates may underestimate the benefits of implementation of the Clear Skies Act .
Treasure Beach -LRB- South Coast -RRB-
you know it 's it 's not easy to do but
How to Watch Washington Week in Review : Back to front .
On the northern slopes of this rocky outcropping is the site of the ancient capital of the island , also called Thira , which dates from the third century b.c. -LRB- when the Aegean was under Ptolemaic rule -RRB- .
During the Crimean War -LRB- 1854 56 -RRB- she set up a hospital in the huge Selimiye Barracks -LRB- Selimiye Kelase -RRB- .
um we tried that but we really were n't happy with it so he does that all himself now
She had the pathetic aggression of a wife or mother -- to Bunt there was no difference .
Britain 's best-selling tabloid , the Sun , announced as a front-page world exclusive Friday that Texan model Jerry Hall has started divorce proceedings against aging rock star Mick Jagger at the High Court in London .
A profile crowns Chris Rock The Funniest Man in America .
Occasionally , he 'd wince and apologise for any incoherence .
to see this kind of thing and you know if you can do any any little bit it helps so
Other villages are much less developed , and therein lies the essence of many delights .
He said the Web site will help bridge the digital divide that keeps the poor from using the Internet as a resource .
The entire economy received a massive jump-start with the outbreak of the Korean War , with Japan ironically becoming the chief local supplier for an army it had battled so furiously just a few years earlier .
Err ... I do n't know .
no it did n't
At eight in the morning .
and uh we went through a time period that we had three Danes
experiencing cost growth , manufacturing problems with test aircraft , and testing delays .
uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh yeah well that 's really neat
Vrenna looked it and smiled .
On the west side of the square is Old King 's House -LRB- built in 1762 -RRB- , which was the official residence of the British governor ; it was here that the proclamation of emancipation was issued in 1838 .
The tents had been burned , but there was a new building where the main tent had been .
She has believed that the sleeping draught she administered was perfectly harmless , but there is no doubt that for one terrible moment she must have feared that Mrs. Inglethorp 's death lay at her door .
so i how do you feel that it should be applied
The following are examples of how teams were used in the agency initiatives we reviewed .
you know and then how long are they supposed to take it
It was like looking into a mirror , except infinitely more realistic .
Keep young skins safe by covering them with sunblock or a T-shirt , even when in the water .
Tommy Thompson of Wisconsin and Mayor Rudolph Giuliani of New York , the conservative vanguard on the issue , show no inclination to exploit research that says , in effect , Why care about day-care quality ?
IDAs are special in that low-income savers receive matching funds from federal and state governments as well as private sector organizations as an incentive to save .
Increased saving by current generations would expand the nation 's capital stock , allowing future generations to better afford the nation 's retirement costs while also enjoying higher standards of living .
and the professors who go there and you 're not going to see the professors you know you 're going to see some TA you know uh
so uh listen i 'll call Triple A uh auto club any time
But , Slate protests , it was -LSB- Gates ' -RSB- byline that appeared on the cover .
Once or twice , but they seem more show than battle , said Adrin .
Hardly catering to locals , Universal Citys Cityalk attempts to snag tourist dollars with its extensive collection of retail wonders , including magic shops , toy stores , sports shops , and a host of science fiction memorabilia .
In the 1980s , and as late as 1994 , a major Republican theme was a sort of taunting , nyah-nyah populism .
In a magical space looking out over the sea , the beautifully sculpted columns of the cloister create a perfect framework of grace and delicacy for a moment 's meditation .
if it had rained any more in the last two weeks instead of planting Saint Augustine grass in the front yard i think i would have plowed everything under and had a rice field
The important thing is to realize that it 's way past time to move it .
well this is real interesting that you 're as far away as you are because i really thought this was uh uh we ` re
Benchmarked by U.S.
Jon twisted the man 's wrist .
The NYT , in its front-page coverage , says the plane was flying far lower than the rules for training missions allow .
It is truly an honor .
yes it is kind it is family and it 's fun it 's a fun thing and kids enjoy that and
CHAPTER 3 : FEDERAL MISSION PP
-LRB- A bigger contribution may or may not mean , I really , really support Candidate X. -RRB- Freedom of association is an even bigger stretch -- one that Justice Thomas would laugh out of court if some liberal proposed it .
Auditors from another country engaged to conduct audits in their country should meet the professional qualifications to practice under that country 's laws and regulations or other acceptable standards , such as those issued by the International Organization of Supreme Audit Institutions .
The opportunity
But in fact Haveman and Wolfe 's statistical analysis is designed to rule out this and similar alternative theories , leaving us to conclude that the moves themselves are harmful .
Jon 's defense began to weaken and slow .
Interesting Conflict Over Conflict of Interest
, First-Class Mail used by households to pay their bills -RRB- and the household bill mail -LRB- i.e.
Interpreters will be provided by APALRC .
Therefore , the number of boilermakers may actually grow more quickly than what was assumed .
A muckraking cover story investigates how the Pentagon disposes of surplus weapons -LRB- the short badly -RRB- .
Although a mile long , its name is misleading because it is not one street but several different streets .
well uh what do you think about taxes do you think we 're paying too much
Julius Caesar 's nephew Octavian took the name Augustus ; Rome ceased to be a republic , and became an empire .
If a trace of tropical lethargy still adds to the charm in this city of sidewalk cafe , palm trees , and pedicabs , any torpor definitely ends once inside the doors of Macau 's casinos , scene of some of the liveliest gambling west of Las Vegas .
i cried when the horse got killed and when the wolf got killed
Paroseas cave , reef , and wreck diving around its shores , giving the diver a wide range of environments to explore .
uh-huh yeah yeah they 're good
He 's been mean-spirited and vicious for so long that editors and reporters are tired of hearing about it .
SSA will consider the comments received by April 14 , 1997 , and will issue revised regulations if necessary .
you know we keep a couple hundred dollars um if that much charged on those which is n't too bad it 's just your normal
it ca n't last seven years but it can last five IBM says let 's throw it away Leading Edge will say we 'll buy it from you
bGross national saving is held constant as a share of GDP at 18 .
From Sant Francesc , take the road that leads southwest to Cap Berber?a -LRB- the southernmost point in the Balearics -RRB- .
Do you think I should be concerned ?
well i hear my kids are needing me again so i 'll go see what they need and we 'll maybe talk to you again
i think Buffalo is an up an coming team they 're going to they 're showing some real promise for the next uh few years
some of the professors i think imitate Big Bird
Changes in technology and its application to electronic commerce and expanding Internet applications will change the specific control activities that may be employed and how they are implemented , but the basic requirements of control will not have changed .
At the same moment I felt a terrific blow on the back of my head ... . '' She shuddered .
From the inventories of the initiatives they developed in response to our request , we asked agency officials to identify those agency components and initiatives that , in their view , had successfully involved and empowered employees .
He loved her .
General Accounting Office , A Model of Strategic Human Capital Management , GAO-02-373SP -LRB- Washington , D.C. : Mar. .
How did this man know ?
-LRB- Imagine the difference between smoking a cigarette and injecting pure nicotine directly into a vein . -RRB-
The FDA solicited comments on these requirements in the notice of proposed rulemaking and has evaluated and responded to them in the preamble to the final rule .
More than 100 judges , lawyers and dignitaries were present for the gathering .
then there 's that uh let 's see i like the Lakers Milwaukee Atlanta Hawks i like them too
On Menorca , search for more elusive prehistoric sites , or take the cliff paths of the northwest or south coasts .
and uh uh so i 've i 've just been real pleased and my step father happens to work at a Ford dealership and that makes things a little easier come car time but
Last year , Arafat cracked down on Hamas after a string of bombings in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem , arresting more than 1,200 suspected terrorists , destroying Hamas safe houses , and confiscating its weapons caches .
Allow time in Thirasia to explore Santorini 's smaller sibling islands .
i like the Moody Blues
In the moment of victory , Tuppence betrayed a somewhat unsportsmanlike triumph .
Also , other sorbent-based approaches in development may prove in time to be preferable to ACI , making the use of ACI only a conservative assumption .
In the original , Reich is set up by his host and then ambushed by a hostile questioner named John , and when he tries to answer with an eloquent Mr. Smith speech -LRB- My fist is clenched .
In fact , it 's wise to drive as little as possible inside Paris ; the p ?? riph ?? rique ringroad runs around the city and it 's worth staying on it until you 're as close as possible to your destination .
Named after the city gentleman and infamous burglar , it is one of the best-known pubs in the city .
It hopes to bring on another 25 or 35 people when the new building opens next fall .
The Report and Order , in large part , adopts the unanimous recommendations of the Hearing Aid Compatibility Negotiated Rulemaking Committee , an advisory committee established by the Federal Communications Commission in 1995 .
The experts point out that it is not age alone that determines a Chinese antique 's value the dynasties of the past had their creative ups and downs .
For centuries , the Loire river was a vital highway between the Atlantic and the heart of France .
Critics praise Goodman 's finely honed descriptive abilities and instinctive grasp of familial dynamics , the ways in which dreams and emotional habits are handed down ...
But you have to have money to save it , and not many couples with young children have the luxury of tucking away $ 2,000 apiece annually for their Golden Years .
Bolts of blue and tips of steal .
`` An egg has got to hatch , '' he said .
The interim rule was reviewed by INS and EOIR under Executive Order
The entire setup has an anti-competitive , anti-entrepreneurial flavor that rewards political lobbying rather than good business practices .
That 's what guarantees that people will keep buying tickets as long as the odds are in their favor .
Jon ran as the tunnel collapsed behind him .
I now submit this report to you and the other designated officials .
uh my uh roommate took a voice over course
i have been and uh some of the boy scouts have been up in there they have got some great hiking trails and camping areas up in there
You have to walk through it -RRB- .
they 'll they 'll say yeah why did n't you buy why did n't you try something more mainline
It is perfectly feasible to spend a fortnight in Eilat , exploring the Red Sea , lying on the beaches , journeying into the Negev Desert and never see a religious building or an archaeological site .
I admit I have knowledge of a certain name , but perhaps my knowledge ends there . ''
The end is near ! Then a shout went up , and Hanson jerked his eyes from the gears to focus on a group of rocs that were landing at the far end of the camp .
In addition , because funding is secured on an
yeah uh-huh but we look at it sort of as an investment in the future too
Almost directly overhead , there was a rent place where the strange absence of color or feature indicated a hole in the dome over them .
Tuppence seized the bell and Jane the knocker .
where they they brew their own beer there
McCalpinMaria Luisa Mercado Nancy H. Rogers Thomas F. Smegal , Jr. .
He reverted to his former point of view .
He went down on his knees , examining it minutely , even going so far as to smell it .
As a result , EPA could not ensure that it was directing its efforts toward the environmental problems that were of greatest concern to citizens or posed the greatest risk to the health of the population or the environment itself .
GAO also issued over 160 reports detailing specific findings and made over 100 recommendations to agencies and to the President 's Council on Year 2000 Conversion for improving the government 's readiness .
Not surprisingly , then , Fannie Mae 's public-relations operation is unparalleled in Washington .
But we do n't rule out regulation in the future if industry fails to do a good job of policing itself .
Despite their 17th-century origins , these gardens avoid the rigid geometry of the Tuileries and Ver?sailles .
Under Ferdinand and Isabella , Spain underwent a dramatic transformation .
oh well yeah that 's all i have to say thank you
The riotous revelry roars right past Mardi Gras -LRB- Shrove Tuesday -RRB- when red-costumed children star as devils , to its peak on Ash Wednesday .
Its facilities include a swimming pool and a peaceful garden .
The idea that Clinton 's approval represents something new and immoral in the country is historically shortsighted .
If the difference between these two prices is large enough , the mailer could hire a trucking firm , as discussed above .
EPA estimates that 5.6 million acres of lakes , estuaries and wetlands and 43,500 miles of streams , rivers and coasts are impaired by mercury emissions .
-LRB- Hypothetical data for this example are given in table 2.2 . -RRB-
In short , this is a whole new costing area that would need to be undertaken .
uh plastic is just too easy i mean that 's the that 's the whole problem with it um have
Mortifyingly enough , it is all the difficulty , the laziness , the pathetic formlessness in youth , the round peg in the square hole , the whatever do you want ?
Catch up on the Indian avant-garde and the bohemian people of Caletta at the Academy of Fine Arts on the southeast corner of the Maidan .
` It 's that kind of world . '
Wagonheim said the program not only will benefit the needy , but also will help improve the public image of lawyers .
Can you point me to housewares ?
Three more days went by in dreary inaction .
well Dana it 's been really interesting and i appreciate talking with you
Decline and Decadence
Monday 's Question -LRB- No .
Or , eligibility could be restricted to those who have already been pregnant , or at least sexually active ; to those over age 13 , or under age 21 ; or some combination thereof .
He was a pilot , not a platoon leader .
The way we try to approach it is to identify every legal problem that a client has .
Agency officials stated that copies of both the initial and the final analysis were submitted to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the Small Business Administration as required by section 605 -LRB- b -RRB- .
Krugman 's column will henceforth be known as The Dismal Science , a phrase too famous to be ownable by anyone , except possibly British essayist Thomas Carlyle -LRB- 1795-1881 -RRB- , who coined it .
The Leland Act -LRB- 1 -RRB- simplify the household definition
are uh very few and then the other people just plan it you know it 's like it 's like have you have have you ever seen the commercial like for Federal Express where the with uh the think tank
LSC 's State Planning Initiative began in 1995 primarily in response to the programmatic changes and budget cuts that were threatening the very survival of legal services delivery across the nation .
It focuses on desktop , client/server , and enterprisewide computing .
Another thing those early French and Dutch settlers agreed upon was that their island should be free of levies on any imported goods .
was it bad
And environmentalists have on occasion attacked religion for promoting human domination over the natural world .
Sure enough , there was the chest , a fine old piece , all studded with brass nails , and full to overflowing with every imaginable type of garment .
His authoritarian rule has prevented the emergence of future leaders and the development of strong civic and political institutions .
uh well no i just know i know several single mothers who absolutely ca n't afford it they have to go with the a single uh what i mean a babysitter more more or less
In my Crossfire days , I was patronized even by Sam Donaldson .
which they probably Mexican people do n't even know what a taco salad is but i think it 's now it 's moving up too because uh just a change you know just something different
I hate pigeons .
They post loads of newspaper articles -- Yahoo!
Children , especially boys , are seen as a blessing and are treated with indulgence , fussed over by mothers and grandmothers .
For their part , family-planning organizations and the Clinton administration seem equally adamant .
I can FEEL him . ''
In that case , price discrimination can survive .
-LSB- Requires free registration .
i quit i quit drinking at oh a long time ago quit drinking i did n't smoke i do n't smoke i gave everything up so i guess i do n't know what just old age i guess is why i
She had the pathetic aggression of a wife or mother -- to Bunt there was no difference .
The average length of a rural route is 55 miles .
that 's cool kind of like Pink Floyd or something uh yeah basketball 's cool but football kind of after a while
The policy succeeded , and I was fortunate to have had the opportunity to make that contribution to my people .
He sat for a moment in silence .
uh but you could fill a whole bunch of uh holes with these things i used to i used to advertise buying wheat pennies um i 'd give a dollar a roll which two cents a piece which is basically overpriced
Lifetime Extension of SCR De-NOx Catalysts Using SCR-Tech 's High Efficiency Ultrasonic Regeneration Process
The gardens are among the greatest in Europe , and take in a view of the Sugar Loaf Mountain as part of their design .
Penrith and Blencathra are also Celtic names , established during this early period of settlement .
Christ on a crutch , what does he have to do to lose your support , stab David Geffen with a kitchen knife ?
Critics call the subject of the film inherently intriguing but complain that it has been marred by the Burnsian sensibility , ...
huh-uh i do n't even want to go anywhere yeah that 's about it
yeah it 's a U S territory and it 's just we own it or
a good team but they 're an underdog that 's why i like them is the Philadelphia Eagles
when there was the ball that was sort of hit to Buckner to Buckner
It sounds perfect , said Jon .
yeah i went to i went to uh Rice and we had the marching owl band which is quite a it 's not known for its musical abilities more so its um comedy abilities
Time reports that Harrer denies having known she was . -RRB-
The final rule contains a Federalism Assessment under Executive Order
Candidates must submit a set of fingerprints for review by the FBI .
The crucial part of that world is the home where parents relate to children .
I went on , ` I 'm going to warn you , whether you like it or not .
because i i mean i do n't know it 's just something i think something we need
of course you got to charge it and keep your cash
and i need to be better because uh uh we just bought it my wife and i just bought a new car and uh you know we want to take real good care of it so uh
We did it with the aid of consultants and other equal justice stakeholders .
it was really easy i mean just just did a thumb print you know
Regulators may not be totally supportive of a more comprehensive business model because they are concerned that the information would be based on a lot of judgment and , therefore , lack of precision , which could make enforcement of reporting standards difficult .
Have her show it , '' said Thorn .
that does n't seem fair does it
He married Dona Filipa Moniz -LRB- Perestrelo -RRB- , the daughter of Porto Santo 's first governor , and lived on the island for a period , fathering a son there .
oh my uh-huh uh-huh
On Fox News Sunday , host Tony Snow touted a poll showing that 60 percent of Americans think the allegations represent a pattern of behavior .
Despite protests by preservationists , there was little alternative .
NHTSA noted that the only other possible interpretation of section 330 was to treat the phrase standards promulgated ... prior to the enactment of this section as
On the Use of Generalized Additive Models in Time-Series Studies of Air Pollution and Health .
Territorial rights , in the form of a deck chair , can be assured for a nominal sum .
She shrugged .
The burden of his spiritual functions as high priest of Shinto and the tasks of administration led the emperor to welcome an early abdication , frequently to retire to a life of Buddhist meditation and scholarship .
You see , he said sadly , `` you have no instincts . ''
The park is a graceful and elegant expanse with fine views of the mountains , much loved by Dubliners since it was first opened to the public in 1747 .
Participants suggested the need for a new reporting model for auditing , a renewed focus on the quality of auditing , and building more effective working relationships with the audit committee .
Sue me , Royko wrote .
not only that but they do n't pay the money either
In addition , Saracens invaded the Provencal coast from North Africa , and Magyar armies attacked Lor?raine and Bur?gun?dy .
they 're almost five hundred a month for a one bedroom place
LSC set a deadline of October 1 , 1998 , for submission of state planning reports .
The analysis presented here is an attempt to address the second argument .
CHAPTER 3 : FEDERAL MISSION PP
Today it is lined with shipyards , factories , and industrial development , and its waters are badly polluted .
These men had never seen rain before , Jon realized .
I 'm sure I wo n't get stuck to it , ' Julia remarked about the suitcase she was carrying .
Initial demand for land in the New Town was not spectacular ; in fact , incentives had to be offered to entice buyers .
Inflation is supposed to be a deadly poison , not a useful medicine .
well UNLV they say UNLV may be the greatest amateur team ever
have you read Tom Clancy
The good news , however , can be found in reports like this one .
Among the sights in Beziers are the ancient Eglise Saint Jacques and Eglise Sainte Madeleine , the 19th-century Halles -LRB- covered market -RRB- , and the massive Cathedrale Saint-Nazaire , from which there is a good view over the river valley .
This tax preference allows state and local governments to borrow at lower rates to build highways , schools , mass transit facilities , and water systems .
He knew how the Simulacra was supposed to develop .
The show , which begins each evening at 9:00 p.m. , relates in melodramatic fashion the history of Istanbul while coloured floodlights illuminate the spectacular architecture of the Blue Mosque .
well camping is one thing that i i could never get used to uh i i used to take the kids to go fishing and things like that but i never went uh never went camping
She wears either revealing clothes or professional clothes -LRB- or perhaps both -RRB- .
are you originally from uh Texas
Accusations of corruption among officials in Rao 's administration in 1995 also paved the way for a comeback .
They copied Louis XIV 's centralized administration and tax-collection , and by the 18th century Turin was a sparkling royal capital built , quite unlike any other Italian city , in classical French manner .
yeah pay fifteen yeah yes i know yeah and when you pay fifteen dollars a month it sure takes a long time
The Garden Island is lush with botanical estates and Waimea Canyon , the grand Canyon of the Pacific .
I 've always jumped on sentiment and here I am being more sentimental than anybody .
These traditional low-drafted craft ply effortlessly and quietly through the water guided by their experienced pilots .
Nothing prior to May 7 , 1915 .
What a lot of bottles ! I exclaimed , as my eye travelled round the small room .
And it needs work too , you know , in case I have to jump out with this parachute from my lil ' blue sports plane for real . '
Finally the woman opened her eyes feebly .
Ceter of the national aerosece industry , with a vigorous local culture and bright and breezy street life , this university city has an infectious enthusiasm to it .
Lalley also is enthused about other bar efforts on behalf of the poor , most notably the Legal Assistance Center will operate out of the new courthouse .
Some of the salesladies at this colorful , soft-sell market wear traditional Martinique costumes .
The center had become a hodgepodge of unconnected programs -- a day-care center , a library , a nonviolence training school .
I see , said Tuppence thoughtfully .
She did n't listen .
While parents may pick up this gay semaphore , kids are n't likely to .
yeah yeah you probably get this probably pretty sticky after you get done then you 've got to drain the water out of the watermelon because you know when you scrape it it makes the water
In 392 the Emperor Theodosius proclaimed Christianity to be the official religion of the Roman Empire , and on his death in 395 the empire was split once more , between his two sons , and was never again to be reunited .
These rules implement section 106 of the Federal Crop Insurance Reform Act of 1994 .
We 've got to think .
Very often the emperor was only a minor , so that the Fujiwara patriarch acted as regent .
We saw a whole new model develop - a holistic approach to lawyering , one-stop shopping , she said .
` These are human lives .
` Best we could hope for . '
year , they gave morethan a half million dollars to Western Michigan Legal Services .
General Motors , for instance , lost $ 460 million to strikes in 1997 , but investors treated the costs as a kind of extraordinary charge and valued the company as if the losses had never happened .
And now they here put him in a coma . '
The m ?? tro -LRB- subway -RRB- is the fastest way to move around the city , but the buses , both in the capital and the other big towns , are best for taking in the sights .
well um i uh exercise regularly i work at a university and i swim almost everyday
yeah well losing is i mean i 'm i 'm originally from Saint Louis and Saint Louis Cardinals when they were there were uh a mostly a losing team but
In Mumbai , both Juhu and Chowpatty beaches are , for instance , definitely a bad idea , and though the Marina beaches in Chennai are cleaner , there may be sharks .
Fixing current levels of damage would be impossible .
farmworkers conducted by the U.S.
The aggregate effect on the amount of federal government saving is what affects the level of national saving and economic growth .
The finest is the huge conical-roofed Tomb/Pillar of Absalom -LRB- King David 's son -RRB- .
Cruises are available from the Bhansi Ghat , which is near the CityPalace .
-LRB- Never mind the strictest reading , which supposes that creation took a week . -RRB-
Then , all the time , it was in the spill vase in Mrs. Inglethorp 's bedroom , under our very noses ? I cried .
Sainte-Anne itself has a long , broad beach used not only by fishermen in vividly painted boats , but also by families with small children .
oh i enjoyed it i mean it was just more for my money
probably yeah i would imagine the judge could throw it out
And put like that , she added confidentially to Tommy , `` nobody could boggle at the expense ! '' Nobody did , which was the great thing .
uh-huh you ca n't do that in a skirt poor thing
The Washington Post called it the culmination of a six-month game of political chicken .
See the idea ? '' 35 `` Then you think '' Tuppence paused to grasp the supposition fully `` that it WAS as Jane Finn that they wanted me to go to Paris ? '' Mr. Carter smiled more wearily than ever .
NHTSA concluded that while section 330 superseded the section 32902 criteria , it did not supersede the section 32902 mandate that there be CAFE standards for model year 1998 .
yeah yeah if they do come up with a positive regardless of what uh what it was they detected uh we 're required to go attend a uh a counseling session
They managed to control much of the country for nearly a century before the Muslim leader Saladin -LRB- Salah-ad-Din -RRB- defeated them in 1187 .
Finish it , someone yelled .
More to the point , even as the major airlines have been reaping large profits over the last four years , their productivity has not risen at all , suggesting that consolidation is not improving efficiency .
While obviously constrained by their bondage , blacks nonetheless forged a culture rich with religious observances , folk tales , family traditions , song , and so on .
yeah well i was surprised at the the way they drafted last year they did n't really did n't go for the uh big offensive lineman or the defensive lineman they 're going for the skilled positions so quarterbacks they really
the approving official 's knowledge true , correct , and accurate , and in accordance with applicable laws , regulations , and legal decisions .
He also has a private practice .
Cabourg is the most stately of the old Channel resorts .
I thought working on Liddy 's campaign would be better than working on Bob 's .
The dramatic cliffs of the Serra de Tramuntana mountain range hug the coastline of the entire northwest and north , from Andratx all the way to the Cape of Formentor .
2466 , discusses the four collections , which include certification of a minimum number of installed and operating microwave links and the maintenance of a computer-readable database .
Yes , it does , admitted Tuppence .
Today it is the effects of pollution that are taking their toll on Agra 's monuments .
probably you probably got everybody on you because they were probably all going to law school
Broadly speaking , the CEF Moderate scenario can be thought of as a 50 % increase in funding for programs that promote a variety of both demand-side and supply-side technologies .
In an effort to more thoroughly explore this topic , we expanded our discussions beyond the eight organizations that were the primary subjects of our study by requesting the Computer Security Institute to informally poll its most active members on this subject .
couple of years ago i was thinking about moving to Massachusetts but uh boy i 'm glad i did n't
For more than 26 centuries it has witnessed countless declines , falls , and rebirths , and today continues to resist the assaults of brutal modernity in its time-locked , color-rich historical center .
Loire Valley
Homes or businesses not located on one of these roads must place a mail receptacle along the route traveled .
Visigoths sack Rome
Saddam could emerge strengthened -LRB- and America tarnished -RRB- in the eyes of the Arab world .
Intifada to the Present
Programs that do this typically have successful cost and schedule outcomes .
His vigorous strides soon enabled him to gain upon them , and by the time he , in his turn , reached the corner the distance between them was sensibly lessened .
Generally , data collection and analysis are concurrent and interactive-that is , yoked in case study methods .
If I had chosen to be an actor , I should have been the greatest actor living !
This man claims that he has been robbed en route and is stranded without money or his plane ticket in an airport somewhere in Europe or the Middle East .
Local legend claims that he wrote part of his great saga , Os Lusadas , in what is now called the Camees Grotto , situated in the spacious tropical Camees Garden .
Each edition of the DSM is the product of arguments , negotiations , and compromises .
On Naxos , you can walk through the pretty villages of the Tragea Valley and the foothills of Mount Zas , admiring Byzantine churches and exploring olive groves at your leisure .
Do n't miss the open-air market close by the wharves .
Designed as a series of pleasure gardens in the Italianate style in 1865 , with cascades , spectacular fountains , and rustic grottoes , an ongoing restoration hopes to bring them back to the original plan .
no not it not no it 's a it 's not something
But there 's plenty more .
Under the rule , HUD may also accept an assignment of
The avenue on the left leads towards the pointed Divan Tower -LRB- Divan Kulesi -RRB- , at the foot of which lie the Council Chamber and the Grand Vezir 's Office .
H-2A agricultural workers are required to maintain a foreign residence which they have no intention of abandoning .
or they had somebody at home that was ill that they had to tend to i mean you ca n't make it everybody
The track continues past the necropolis to an impressive amphitheatre , very probably carved by Nabateans , but influenced by the Romans .
sort of a building season season yeah
For example , NIPA excludes capital transfers , like estate tax receipts , which are recorded as revenue in the unified budget , and investment grants-in-aid to state and local governments , which the unified budget records as outlays .
Even today , Yanomamo men raid villages , kill men , and abduct women for procreative purposes .
Melatonin
He jumped up , planting one hand on the charging horse , and came at the brute with the axe .
In addition , we supported the creation of a 250-page Poverty Law Manual that introduces advocates to the fundamentals of poverty law .
that would be good what 'd you say
Bauerstein had been at Styles on the fatal night , and added : `` He said twice : ` That alters everything . ' And I 've been thinking .
Acute Bronchitis Upper Respiratory Symptoms Lower Respiratory Symptoms Work Loss Days Minor Restricted Activity Days -LRB- minus asthma attacks -RRB-
But although the 60 Minutes producer is played by the star -LRB- Pacino grandstands , but not to the point of distraction -RRB- , Bergman 's story does n't have the same primal force .
I am so constituted as to be unable to give away money with any satisfaction until I have made the most careful inquiry as to the worthiness of the cause .
Energy-related activities are the primary source of U.S. man-made greenhouse gas emissions .
Extremely limited exceptions to the authority are established in 31 U.S.C.
But , when I discovered that it was known all over the village that it was John who was attracted by the farmer 's pretty wife , his silence bore quite a different interpretation .
Where lies the real Japan ?
So he goes out and walks in the woods , little dreaming that Mrs. Inglethorp will open his desk , and discover the incriminating document .
Other attractions include hot springs , a market , and the forests and ski-slopes of nearby Uluda .
When I was in school I really liked Virginia Woolf , Schwartz said of her nascent literary tastes .
right well the preseason really does n't mean anything either
The park was established in 1935 and was given Corbett 's name after India became independent .
One wag , J. , wrote in to ask , Is there a difference between pests and airlines ?
The entire city was surrounded by open countryside with a scattering of small villages .
It was a splendid life '' I loved it . '' There was a smile on her face , and her head was thrown back .
Maps of hiking trails are available at the Government Publications Ceter , Low Block , Government Offices , 66 Queensway in Central .
what was the problem
I never said you were a mandrake-man .
more than anything else in this day and age that 's got to be a big factor in your decision 's just the the cost of how much you 're gon na pay
Jon was fighting at full speed , sweat forming on his brow .
Some rooms have balconies .
from from personal parties or from these uh phone answering phone uh commercial things
We start with the fine review of a shockingly funny comedy about eye disease .
On the slopes of the hill you will find Edinburgh Zoo , located just behind Corstorphine Hospital .
But Japan was reluctant to sue for peace because the Allies were demanding unconditional surrender with no provision for maintaining the highly symbolic role of the emperor , still considered the embodiment of Japan 's spirit and divine origins .
Albino Alligator -LRB- Miramax -RRB- .
A museum inside the building gives intriguing insight into the life and heyday of the their rich costumes , their scimitars , and rifles inlaid with bright jewels and silver and a horrible bludgeon with a double serrated edge .
Overlapping the others ?
GAO 's prior work on best practices covers achieving the first knowledge point .
and we decided we 'd just go across the road to the office and see if we could rent anything
Restored in 1967 , the beautiful exterior is complemented by the fine period furniture housed inside .
Relationship Between Quality of Life Instruments , Health State Utilities , and Willingness to Pay in Patients with Asthma .
with little back packs of their own and you know things like that
At Kansas City Power and Light 's Hawthorn Power Station , Unit 5 was replaced -LRB- excluding turbine -RRB- in under 22 months .
Everything is a celebration .
I felt an immeasurable 230 contempt for him ... .
and then i got into it and then back out of it and it it just seems like every couple of years i get back in there
Many Lakeland hotels also quote a D , B and B -LRB- dinner , bed , and breakfast -RRB- rate , which includes the evening meal and is often quite cost-effective .
I think it behooves Slate , in its effort to take over the public-opinion industry , to make a thorough effort to uncover the truth behind this unnatural connection .
To provide a useful perspective on how alternative levels of national saving affect future living standards , we also compared our simulation results to a historical benchmark .
No . I guess I 'm going too .
New Madeirans traded sugar , the era 's dominant luxury item , with Britain and Flanders , and they proved skillful in the art of winemaking .
In our family we have two sons in public life .
yeah i it just totally ridiculous i mean the Israeli 's could have fixed the whole problem years ago if they just sent sent their guys in there and killed Saddam
4 -RRB- Clinton 's job rating fell from 60 to 55 points in a Washington Post poll , apparently because pollees disapproved of his use of the White House for fund raising .
A survey of surgeons working in an emergency department found that the most significant predictor of screening was the attending physicians ' perception that their responsibilities included screening .
Most of it , I could n't even begin to identify .
There should be someone here who knew more of what was going on in this world than he did now .
yep and then i had probably lived the last eleven years in Massachusetts so you know what does that make me an honorary Yankee or
Kill chickens .
I understand , '' continued the Coroner deliberately , `` that you were sitting reading on the bench just outside the long window of the boudoir .
Flying at a discount should be more dangerous .
She hates me . ''
To provide a common understanding of what is needed and expected in information technology security programs , NIST developed and published Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems -LRB- Special Pub 800-14 -RRB- in September 1996 .
they they are good
` Not part of your biography .
And if they did come , as remote as that is , you and your men look strong enough to handle anything .
I should think some one had taken charge of it . ''
I have kept you and clothed you and fed you !
He grimaced at his own doubts .
Jamaican music ska and , especially , reggae has since the 1970s been exported and enjoyed around the world .
Case Study Evaluations .
oh really it would n't matter if we plant them when it was starting to get warmer
The purpose of this paper is to analyze rural delivery costs and compare them with city delivery costs .
We need to be sure of our going . '' But Tuppence , for once , seemed tongue-tied .
In this situation , the value to the mailer of the improved service would be considered along with the cost of doing the work .
Today it is possible to buy cheap papyrus printed with gaudy Egyptian scenes in almost every souvenir shop in the country , but some of the most authentic are sold at The Pharaonic Village in Cairo where the papyrus is grown , processed , and hand-painted on site .
The Department of Labor 's interim rule is adopted pursuant to the authority contained in Section 707 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act -LRB- Pub .
you know our church each year has a one of their major fund raisers is you know a garage sale and there 's a ton of clothes always you know left over and i take those down to the uh
true yeah i know it is n't that ridiculous we have cable which helps a lot
Their rights have been the source of conflicts in the central government .
Act Accounting the Great Management Reform Act
Recent SAB deliberations on mortality and morbidity valuation approaches suggest that some adjustments to unit values are appropriate to reflect economic theory -LRB- EPA-SAB-EEAC-00-013 , 2000 -RRB- .
and the same is true of the drug hangover you know if you
When people are late , it makes it hard to keep things working in a rational fashion .
He fled in his car when cops arrived and led them on a chase that ended in the massive crash .
We make simulacra out of mandrakes -- like the manicurist in the barber shop .
well wonderful that 'll be a musician
The leaves of the papyrus were dried and used by Ancient Egyptians as a form of paper .
1 -RRB- FBI intelligence files indicate that Democratic fund-raiser Maria Hsia has been a Chinese agent .
British action would n't have mattered .
Some 72,000 volcano-zone residents were evacuated at great cost to the French government .
well the parts to to me i spent twenty two dollars on the parts
His plan was a simple a symmetrical design with straight streets and grand squares .
Such parties may include
It has long been influenced by their differing traits , and has assimilated their various customs and practices .
Gary Oldman turns himself into some sort of gigantic hominid-bat creature and flaps about in Dracula . The Vampire Master in John Carpenter 's Vampires can fly down the road fast enough to catch a speeding car and can stick to the ceiling of a motel room .
There are factory showrooms in the Pedder Building , 12 Pedder Street , in Central .
But those that are manufactured for sale in in Europe and so forth are quite the other way around
did you well it 's not just that are there enough jobs for people here now
Emeralds ?
The political cleansing that did not happen through the impeachment process leaves Clinton with a great and serious burden .
and uh really they 're about it they 've got a guy named Herb Williams that that i guess sort of was supposed to take the place of uh Tarpley but he uh he just does n't have the offensive skills
Four infinite minutes went by .
Last year , that campaign - primarily among private attorneys - drew less than $ 40,000 while the Nashville legal aid fund-raising garnered more than $ 500,000 .
Analytical Perspectives .
In a moment or two he was back .
The fine weave and pattern are typical of a Scottish weaver 's attention to detail .
because we do n't always read the newspaper sometimes it just sits around for a while and then we just chuck it
It is n't , of course .
and take it easy now good night
Czarek had to fight for attention :
Though prehistoric remains from the Paleolithic , Neolithic , and Bronze Ages have been unearthed in the Manzanares Valley , prior to Madrid 's sudden elevation to capital city in 1561 its history was rather undistinguished .
i think yeah and it 's a just a nice escape and you know it 's something to laugh at and enjoy
From Port-Louis all the way down Grande Terre 's west coast to Pointe Pitre there extend vast mangrove swamps .
Together they had a force of 130 attorneys and the responsibility to serve the civil legal needs of about 550,000 poor and vulnerable people throughout the state .
Peel Edgerton .
However , the WRAP States may unanimously petition the Administrator to determine that the total emissions of affected EGUs are reasonably projected to exceed 271,000 tons in 2018 or a later year and to make affected EGUs subject to the requirements of the new WRAP trading program .
yeah that 's true the traffic um yeah yeah
Long famous as the home of artists and bohemians , who call it La Butte -LRB- The Mound -RRB- , Montmartre is an essential piece of Paris mythology .
Economic growth also depends on education to enhance the knowledge and skills of the nation 's work
Abortive countrywide revolts
we were talking . Try to behave
2 -RRB- This particular instance of it stinks .
For this report , we provide an overview of the major theories about why people save and describe various factors associated with the decline in personal saving .
Saint-Paul-de-Vence
Additional information is provided to help managers incorporate the standards into their daily operations .
um yeah we 've tried to do that we 've paid ours off you know all the way down to where we had everything down to zero and especially right before i i quit work two years ago to stay home with the kids
i think that the people that are um have um a lower income which you automatically equate with lower education
The woman rolled and drew two spears before the horse had rolled and broken the rest .
An overall increase in prices is only possible when there has been an overall increase in the amount of money in circulation .
The Irish Architectural Archive , a library of architectural materials , is at number 73 on the south side of the square .
The road along the coastline to the south travels through busy agricultural towns and fishing villages untouched by tourism .
Legal Services Corp. , 02-CV-3866 , names as defendants the national Legal Services Corp. , which distributes federal grants to providers , and Legal Services of New Jersey , which distributes state money .
The last 12 years of his life are a blank .
That would be a tenfold increase in the Internet 's share .
But the third try worked better .
Instead , the task of defending Bradley fell to Erving , who shrugged that it 's probably a debatable issue , but knowing Sen.
The last stages of uploading are like a mental dry-heave .
yeah i know because uh all i know is that when i came here in eighty seven they still had uh it was the last year to to put all your punch cards in
Yes , sir .
A lot of people are going to look at it and say , ` Well , I took the exam the way it is and that 's what I had to do it , ' said Mr. Curnin .
Standard screens may not perform as well in these patient subgroups that may represent a considerable part of the ED population .
i voted in the last national one yeah i 'm not sure if i got the last local one
At the end of the Wars of Spanish , Austrian , and Polish Succession , the Austrians had taken over northern Italy from the Spanish .
would you barbecue a turkey or a chicken or
You will find a number of Mary 's personal effects on display .
from generation to generation -LRB- Michiko Kakutani , the New York Times -RRB- . A few , like Pearl K. Bell in the Wall Street Journal , find a surfeit of sweetly obedient docility in the novel and say parts are perilously at the edge of sentimentality .
Cornwall Beach , another private beach with perfect sand and sheltered waters , can be found behind the Jamaica Tourist Office building , a short distance east along Gloucester Avenue .
The cover story details the disturbing behavior of the Littleton killers before last week 's massacre .
`` You 're not going to marry him , do you hear ? '' he said dictatorially .
well his knees were bothering him yeah
Exhibitions are often held in the splendid entrance hall .
Life , unlike Reich 's book , is not a series of morality fables .
Their rulers introduced Buddhist and Hindu culture , Brahmin ministers to govern , and an elaborate court ritual .
Brit Now that would be a good debate !
Upriver , east of Blois , in a huge densely wooded park surrounded by 31 km -LRB- 20 miles -RRB- of high walls , the brilliant white Ceteau de Cham??bord is the most extravagant of all the royal residences in the Loire Valley .
I did n't get it at the time . '' The thought saddened him a little , for it seemed to prove that Mrs. Vandemeyer and the girl were on intimate terms .
It 's mighty lucky you did say it .
A spark of annoyance lit Lincoln 's eyes ; the smallest hint of Natalia 's Russian fire .
His mother died when he was young , and he was adopted by the Brodkeys .
On Samothrakia you can climb to the summit of Mount Fengari , where the God Poseidon watched the Trojan War reach its tragic climax .
Las Vegas now seems poised to accept the multiple layers of its existence as a tourist city .
Rightly or wrongly , America is seen as globalization 's prime mover and head cheerleader and will be blamed for its excesses until we start paying official attention to them .
As he stepped across the threshold , Tommy brought the picture down with terrific force on his head .
It can be done , he said at last .
Helms , who will be 81 when his fifth term ends , is increasingly frail .
Huntington -- like Buchanan -- claims not to be a cultural He is defending the integrity of all cultures , theirs and ours .
Long Bay is seven miles of sublime fine sand , gentle azure water , and cooling palm trees .
' I saw him get aboard myself .
Everybody has this quote from NBA commissioner David You can not strike your boss and still hold your job -- unless you play in the NBA .
yeah that 's the World League
ran toward us rather slowly , like people finishing their run .
A clean , wholesome-looking woman opened it .
i 've been getting a kick out of those lately
They said that the current system reflects that diversity , with agencies developing new participation processes and information management systems as needed for their individual programs and communities .
The book is a parody of Bartlett 's , serving up quotes from Lincoln , Jefferson , and Roger Rosenblatt with equal pomposity .
i do n't know no i do n't
uh-huh oh yeah all the people for right uh life or something
yeah well the uh NC double A tournament 's going on right now and uh i have n't watched it this year because Louisville 's out of it this year
Expectations that the ANC would oversee land reform -- returning land seized during apartheid 's forced migrations -- and wealth redistribution have not been met .
To assist programs with implementing these web sites , the Northwest Justice Project and ProBonoNet in New York are hiring two full-time circuit riders to assist grantees with content management and to ensure that each web site supports the entire state justice community .
-LSB- W -RSB- omen mocking men by calling into question their masculinity is also classified as sexual harassment , the paper added .
Conspiracy theorists MasterCard is investing in a chip that can store electronic cash , your medical history , and keys to your home and office .
I should put it this way .
Opium-smoking continued openly in Hong Kong until 1946 ; in mainland China the Communist government abolished it when they came to power in 1949 .
Station Jesus meets his mother .
Moreover , Las Vegas has recently started to show signs of maturity in its cultural status as well .
We were playing all sorts of sports , and you were not , so shut up and stop twitching , ' the microbe 's tone of voice changed , it was lower and more resounding .
I was to watch for an advertisement in the Times .
so they do n't deal much in cash anymore either
The Wither 's eldest boy , one of the four of the town militia , saluted in the old style with his stick sword .
yeah that 's up here in New England that 's we call that backpacking which is the same thing which is you 're you 've got everything on your back you know an aluminum camp frame uh
I jumped , coat tails flapping .
It is not a surprise , either , that Al Pacino chews the scenery in Devil 's Advocate . And the idea that if the devil showed up on Earth he 'd be running a New York corporate-law firm is also , to say the least , pre-chewed .
His plan was to drive straight up to the house .
we 're thinking about putting one of those in
No , monsieur .
Under the leadership of Henry the Navigator , caravels set out from the westernmost point of the Algarve , in southern Portugal , in search of foreign lands , fame , and wealth .
Take a picnic and enjoy an alfresco lunch at this spectacular spot .
H-2A aliens , as the only category of eligible aliens who reside in the United States temporarily , are particularly affected by the issue before the Commission because of their necessarily short periods of time in the United States .
million in savings this year .
But by one measure , it seems to have been static .
He appropriated for the State much of the personal fortunes of the princes , but found it harder to curtail the power of land-owners who had extensive contacts with the more conservative elements in his Congress Party .
I guess history repeats itself , Jane .
Where is art ?
Eh ! Monsieur Lawrence , called Poirot .
IDAs are special in that low-income savers receive matching funds from federal and state governments as well as private sector organizations as an incentive to save .
` The autopilot 's damaged - will the train still slow down ? '
It is , as you see , highly magnified .
The loss of technical competence through downsizing was sufficiently pervasive that FFC , in conjunction with TBR and the NAVFAC , conducted the Government/Industry Forum on Capital Facilities and Core Competencies in March 1998 .
Ocho Rios is Spanish for eight rivers , but this name is not descriptive of the area .
Ca ` daan heard the Kal grunt and felt the horse lift .
they really do i i sometimes think that that should be limited more
Even if the entire unified surplus were saved , GDP per capita would fall somewhat short of the U.S. historical average of doubling every 35 years .
Sultan Abdul Hamid II -LRB- 1876 1909 -RRB- tried to apply absolute rule to an empire staggering under a crushing foreign debt , with a fragmented population of hostile people , and succeeded only in creating ill will and dissatisfaction amongst the younger generation of educated Turks .
The Ovitz deal , however , contained none of these goodies .
and i 'm pretty happy with it so far
Possible Clinton had sex with her , but it was n't rape .
i know that i did n't much uh-huh oh
so it 's sociology
and they have a bar also which is always crowded as can be but it 's it 's an specially fine restaurant and when you consider they take no plastic or checks
Rehnquist 's conferences are no-nonsense .
uh the one we thought would be the most timid uh turned out to be the one that stuck with it and was the first to learn
Component modularization and prefabrication off-site can reduce the amount of time cranes are needed on a site , as well as provide opportunities to reduce project schedules and construction costs and to concentrate jobs locally at the prefabrication facility .
These days , newspaper writers are no longer allowed the kind of license he took .
Candle grease ?
Indiana Legal Services -LRB- ILS -RRB- Executive Director Norman Metzger and Colleen Cotter , Director of the ILS Indiana Justice Center , were marvelous hosts .
In the Blue Mountain National Park and the John Crow National Park , which together cover 78,200 hectares -LRB- 193 , 200 acres -RRB- , conservationists are attempting to halt the encroachment of local farmers and loggers .
and the like a guy does it and he has his own pigs
Next , you enter the vast and splendid Imperial Hall , with three handsome marble fountains , and a canopied throne from which the sultan would enjoy the music and dancing of his concubines .
One bakes Flipper .
Following publication of the proposed rule -LRB- 58 Fed .
How long , Thaler and Siegel ask , will it take most investors to get wise to the fact that the equity premium is just too damned high ?
Sitting up at night is always rather jumpy , she confessed .
I was pulled into the bar .
Did Meriwether Lewis really commit suicide , as historians claim ?
Very little indeed , answered Tuppence , and was pleased to note that Whittington 's uneasiness was augmented instead of allayed .
oh boy it the i think it 's like one or the other is n't it i mean you either
All-inclusive packages and large resort hotels offer restaurants , sporting activities , entertainment , wide-screen sports channels in the bars , shopping , and a guaranteed suntan .
Slate 's Joseph Nocera .
Starting from Scratch
Never trust a Sather , Bork said softly .
Seemingly endemic corruption was compounded by a remarkable dearth of political leadership and decisive action .
Waterloo .
Then he turned to Tommy .
In this rule , cost refers to historical cost and market refers to the current replacement cost by purchase or production .
The most comfortable way to see these important Hoysala temples is to visit them on either side of an overnight stay at Hassan , 120 km -LRB- 75 miles -RRB- northwest of Mysore .
4 million , or about 8 percent of total expenditures for the two programs -RRB- .
Detroit Pistons they 're not as good as they were last year
After three days of using the gel , my mouth has returned to its familiar self .
1 Now that each unit is fully staffed , the LSC Office of Program Performance and its state planning team contain over 260 years of experience in LSC-funded programs .
The organizations usually allowed individual members who had changed employers to continue participation .
It is at the moment of maximum audience susceptibility that we hear , for the first time , that the woman was fired not because of her gender but because of her sexual preference .
Despite their many similarities , Koreans and Japanese have long been mutually hostile and have pointed to the vast differences between their languages as proof that they lack a shared ancestry .
The University of Nevada-Las Vegas boasts a student population over 23,000 -LRB- though , like most of the people in Las Vegas , they are commuters -RRB- .
Vishnu 's wife Lakshmi is goddess of good fortune .
i also use my PC to emulate a mainframe terminal for our IBM mainframe and also to emulate a deck terminal for our deck machine
Guangzhou , with a population of more than 5 million , straddles the Pearl River China 's fifth longest which links the city to the South China Sea .
HE KNOWS ABOUT THE MINES .
No , I do n't know .
okay movies i 've i have n't seen too many lately i have kids and we went and saw The Rescuers Down Under over the the break do do you have kids you take to movies or
yes everybody in the country is preapproved i think
Now sink of sorrow I who live -- the more the wrong!Who wishing death , whom death denies , whose thread is all too long ; Who tied to wretched life , who looks for no relief , Must spend my ever dying days in never ending grief .
Hersheimmer `` WELL , '' said Tuppence , recovering herself , `` it really seems as though it were meant to be . '' Carter nodded .
Bettelheim committed suicide in 1990 , evidently having found life unbearable , despite -LRB- or because of -RRB- his fictions .
`` The summons was only for Dave Hanson , '' Ser Perth said sternly as the three drew up to him .
This having come to his stepmother 's ears , she taxed him with it on the afternoon before her death , and a quarrel ensued , part of which was overheard .
He was of two minds , one reveled in the peace of this village .
Shortly after stepping out on the bridge , Jon felt the entire walkway narrow .
This marvelous Victorian-Gothic building is famous for the fanciful stone carvings around the base of its pillars -LRB- one pillar , reputedly depicting the club members , shows monkeys playing billiards -RRB- .
yep see we have cable here
The river-beds are mostly too shallow for anything but flat-bottomed boats .
made it yeah made it all the way through four years of college playing ball but
Others are Zao -LRB- in Tohoku -RRB- and a number of resorts in Joshin-etsu Kogen National Park in the Japan Alps , where there are now splendid facilities thanks to the 1998 Winter Olympic Games in Nagano .
Introduction
In the same issue , a document entitled Analysis Regarding The Food And Drug Administration 's Jurisdiction Over Nicotine-Containing Cigarettes And Smokeless Tobacco Products was published and comments were requested .
It must be a difficult situation for you all .
And that squatting he does -- it 's as uncomfortable as it looks .
It started with The Wild Bunch : We sexualized violence , we made it beautiful .
and so i have really enjoyed that but but there are i do have friends that watch programs like they want to see a particular program and they are either home watching it or definitely recording it they have some programs that they wo n't miss
They are all quotations from the Old Testament Book of Aunt Ruth .
From Cockpit Country to St. Ann 's Bay
The arts also flourished in India during these early times .
Regulation M is adopted under the Securities Act , 15 U.S.C.
The elements of this example , repeated across millions of individual tasks , encapsulates the difference between an advanced industrial economy with a high standard of living and a less developed country with a low standard of living .
The second half of the book dealt with the use of the true name .
Also beyond city limits is the Legacy Golf Club in the nearby suburb of Henderson .
Apartment...twenty-one B , apparently .
We have heard , seen this pattern before .
As the Tokugawa shoguns had feared , this opening of the floodgates of Western culture after such prolonged isolation had a traumatic effect on Japanese society .
Climate changes had already had the effect of reducing the amount of forest land ; the monks accelerated this process by clearing many more acres in order to make room for ever-growing herds of sheep .
He unleashed a 16-day reign of terror that left 300 Madeirans dead , stocks of sugar destroyed , and the island plundered .
Over their backs fell the cutting lashes of a whip .
4 -RRB- Not enough is known about how nontransportation costs vary with distance .
Many restaurants and cafes welcome children .
yeah and every once in a while they 'll have dressing but uh whoever makes it uh goes crazy with the sage
He could make quite an issue out of the need to determine the characteristic impedance of their sky .
FDA suggests there may be an association between BSE and a form of human TSE known as new variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease .
Since his death it has been transformed into the Bob Marley Museum and carefully managed by the Marley family to protect the memory of his life .
They 're taking us away this morning .
For example , computers and related equipment have an estimated annual depreciation rate of 31 percent ,7 and new versions of software applications are released every few years .
In this case , shareholders can pay twice for the sins of others .
The four Javis children ? asked Severn .
but but it is peaceful i mean it is relaxing to do once you find the time to do it
yeah so i i trotted back to the car rather quickly uh jumped in went home and took a hot shower and changed clothes and went back
Welts grew on each of the man 's cheeks .
Another quarter billion plus dollars of the total amount sought was earmarked to pay down operating debt accrued in past years .
yeah i mean this this Escort even when the head gasket went i mean it would start first time every time
The game of billiards is also hot .
excessively violent i was worried it 's like golly if kids start imitating that
yeah maybe the maybe they 'll bring their good schools with them you know if the industry comes
When we leave the house we shall be followed again , but not molested , FOR IT IS Mr. BROWN 'S PLAN THAT WE ARE TO LEAD HIM .
Regulation and the Nature of Postal Delivery Services , Ed .
He had no real answer .
Participate in the postaward audit for assessing thedegree of success of the acquisition .
I nodded again .
He 's chosen Meg Ryan .
Criminal discovered in last chapter .
He and his wife had lived at Styles Court in every luxury , surrounded by her care and attention .
On a spur-road just a little north of the sleepy village of Anse-Bertrand is the Anse Laborde , a public beach of tan sand with gorgeous turquoise waters and good snorkeling off rocky promontories .
But the most sustained assault on Orientalism 's premises , and on its prestige , came from the left .
Off El Hurriya Street you 'll find the Neo-Classical facade of the Greco-Roman Museum with a fine collection of both Roman , Greek , and Ptolemaic artifacts found around the city and under the waters of the harbor , along with many ancient Egyptian pieces .
It will be COLOSSAL ! ''
This data is used to model the behavior of access costs .
Cave 31 tries to emulate the style of the great Hindu temple on a much smaller scale , but the artists here were working on much harder rock and so abandoned their effort .
yeah uh-huh yeah it 's one of the things uh if you read in the newspapers and stuff he 's the critics really like it or they really do n't
The national award was created to recognize an attorney in practice for less than 10 years for excellence in public interest or pro bono activities .
For the upcoming world championships in microhockey , a super-vaccine was to be developed , which would be administered to all participants and audience members .
now that 's a good idea
I had rejected it as absurd , nevertheless it persisted .
But there 's John '' and Miss Howard , surely they were speaking the truth ? ''
Indeed , recent economic research suggests that investment in information technology explains most of the acceleration in labor productivity growth-a major component of overall economic growth-since 1995 .
The analysis also addresses the various alternatives to the final rule which were considered , including differing compliance or reporting requirements , use of performance rather than design standards , and an exemption for small entities from coverage of the rule .
After the recovery of Jerusalem in 1099 , it took four hundred years of sieges and battles , treaties , betrayals , and yet more battles , before Christian kings and warlords succeeded in subduing the Moors .
Boats in daily use lie within feet of the fashionable bars and restaurants .
well so okay you need to get married and have kids and then when they 're big enough you can have them go do the yard and you can do what you want to do
Cop Bud White -LRB- Crowe -RRB- and Ed Exley -LRB- Pearce -RRB- almost mix it up -LRB- 59 seconds -RRB- :
yeah it 's just a matter of education i think
... I succeeded in my false career .
Could you please speak to this issue , with regard to the social ramifications of gum chewing in public ?
Daniel nodded , fetching me a glass of beer .
He reported masterfully on the '72 campaign and the Hell 's Angels .
so you um-hum so you think it comes down to education or or something like that
I did so .
Some of the unmet needs are among people who can pay , but who are deterred from seeking a lawyer because of the uncertainty about legal fees and their fear of the profession .
Moreover , it is possible to have questions that require nested case studies .
To be sure , not all auctions are rip-offs .
Who are these sons of eggs ?
In short , we all got tired of clever analyses of what might happen ; and throughout economics there was a shift in focus away from theorizing , toward data collection and careful statistical analysis .
Adrin nodded .
He argued that these governors shared the congressional Republican agenda enshrined in the 1994 Contract With America .
These two accounts are commonly combined in discussing the Social Security program .
GAO recommends that the Secretary of Defense revise policy and guidance
medical and surgical expense coverage .
The cathedral in particular is impressive after dark .
Using a threestep development planning process , managers assess their current capabilities , determine their specific development needs , and build and execute a development plan .
It is not possible to walk up through the water as at Dunn 's River , but steps have been erected at the side of the water to take you to a platform at the foot of the first cascade .
This was built 15 years earlier by Jahangir 's wife , Nur Jahan , for her father , who served as Mughal Prime Minister .
His grandson Akbar chose Agra for his capital over Delhi .
She had thrown away her cloak and tied her hair back into a topknot to keep it out of the way .
Many lakes or sections of lakes are also wildlife conservation areas ; these guides list the regulations that are in effect to protect water birds and other animals .
What 's needed , alongside an evacuation plan , is a realistic program to stabilize conditions for those left behind .
Net nonfederal saving
A poll of Hong Kong residents finds them sanguine about the city 's future .
Charles Geveden has introduced legislation that will increase the Access to Justice supplement on court filing fees .
In Roman times a temple to Jupiter stood here , followed in the fourth century by the first Christian church , Saint-Etienne .
However , the associated cost is primarily some of the costs of assessing and collecting duties on imported merchandise , such as the salaries of import specialists -LRB- who classify merchandise -RRB- and the costs of processing paperwork .
Weicker has yet to declare his intentions .
And , just incidentally , the Sons of the Egg who 'd attacked him in the hospital had tried to reach the camp twice already , once by interpenetrating into a shipment of mandrakes , which indicated to what measures they would resort .
Drinks are available and expensive .
The building will also house two smaller volunteer-based programs , the Multi-Cultural Law Center and the Senior Lawyer Volunteer Project .
She was taken to the infirmary , and on recovering consciousness gave her name as Jane Finn .
-LRB- The Ramseys buried their daughter in Atlanta , then vacationed in Sea Island , Ga. -RRB- This absence , some speculate , gave the Ramseys time to work out a story to explain their innocence .
Auditors may use an engagement letter , if appropriate , to communicate the information .
The road along the coastline to the south travels through busy agricultural towns and fishing villages untouched by tourism .
His plan was to drive straight up to the house .
GAO recommends that the Secretary of Defense revise policy and guidance
Inside are leather-bound regimental books with each serviceperson 's name duly inscribed .
Bush the elder came of age when New England Republicans led the party , and patrician manners were boons to a Republican .
The DO concentration must not fall below
Built in a.d. 688 691 , it is decorated in thousands of exquisite , predominantly blue and yellow , Persian ceramic tiles , with Koranic scriptures on the lintels .
Yet , despite the stock market boom of the 1990s , many households have accumulated little , if any , wealth -LRB- see figure 1.3 -RRB- , and half of American households did not own stocks as of 1998 .
kind of like for the same reasons as you i just the care that goes into them and you know if i you know decide to take off for a week or so
yeah no i do n't know if there 's any any series that i pay attention to i try to watch Cheers once in a while
But the door was locked ? '' These exclamations burst from us disjointedly .
Recently I met a guy at a party over at San Barenakedino 's . '
The public health official 's version of the line , Take my wife , please , is Tell Americans to eat kale five times a week .
But she 's not like her photo one bit .
yeah they 're still laying off like over in Fort Worth and a lot of other companies too just here and there
If he were someone who was an assistant , with an ailing mother to support , well , it would be impossible .
With their fluent Vietnamese and Mandarin , they help Tran understand her family 's eligibility for Medi-Cal and food stamps , assist the 70-year-old woman in finding a place to live and advise abused women how they can stay in the country while staying away from their husbands .
you know and he he was talking about that he was talking about nobody went broke over paying thirty percent
In about a quarter of an hour the bell rang , and Tuppence repaired to the hall to show the visitor out .
A politician connected with the home service of his parliamentary section 's boss , with the mobile phone number 0-609-3459812 , and known for his lack of sense of humor , did not take too well to a message from ` Admirer ' - ` Wishes shovel best ' .
At the end of the show is a cluster of popular sportswear with Tommy Hilfiger , Donna Karan , Nautica , the Gap , and such names applied to it .
well the channel eight when they came here thirteen fourteen years ago Dave Fox and Tracy Rowlett came together uh from Oklahoma City and apparently channel eight was way down and now they have turned it all around and done a pretty remarkable job and then
so he donates a lot not everything but a lot of the material then what he does n't donate we just go out and buy
and uh it may be a Mexican pizza sometimes both together um along with and see it which is really funny too you know normally she goes straight for vegetables except when she 's having French fries
Just east of the Star Ferry terminal , you 'll come to CityHall .
For a small fee , non-guests may use the beach and facilities at a number of Guadeloupe and Martinique hotels ' a great convenience for island-hoppers .
Simpson through the tunnels of time .
The second missing benefit includes gains in environmental quality , especially improved health benefits .
Other Major Museums
Alonissos has been settled longer than any other Aegean island , estimated by archaeologists to date from 100,000 b.c. , and was valued by many leaders in classical Greek times .
well and i i noticed since we moved down here to Texas my husband is originally from Texas but uh i 'm not and that you do n't have to have uh such a wide variety of seasonal clothes that you do up north where you have to
There 's nobody telling that landlord to fix the property , Simmons said .
The Case Study Guidelines
There are a number of expensive jewelry and other duty-free shops , all with goods priced in US dollars -LRB- duty-free goods must always be paid for in foreign currency -RRB- .
By seeding packs with a few high-value cards , the manufacturer is encouraging kids to buy Pokemon cards like lottery tickets .
You did not understand that he believed Mademoiselle Cynthia guilty of the crime ?
well they 're so close to an undefeated undefeated season they can taste it and they wan na make history so i do n't think they 're gon na lack for motivation
The pope , suggesting that Gen.
After considering comments of the Postal Service and other participants , the Commission found the proposal problematical , and declined to pursue it .
New York 's John Leonard calls Oz an ecology and anthropology of terror , not for the faint of heart or the queasy of stomach ...
yeah and the music and uh well it had an excellent story line Everything about it was good
well i i 'm doing computer science computer engineering
The commentary is chanted by a chorus of six to eight narrators -LRB- reminiscent of the chorus in Greek tragedy -RRB- who sit at the side of the stage , while musicians positioned at the back of the stage provide stark accompaniment with flute and drums .
Even though the scratch was tiny , it broke his heart and haunted him for two weeks .
Can I help you ? '
Anyway , thank you very much for trying to help us .
Diets for men in their prime
The other is retrospective and intended to help those who review case study reports to assess the quality of completed case studies .
Clearly , yes .
Part 2 -RRB- , Confidentiality of Alcohol and Drug Abuse Patient Records .
The importer pays duties that are required by law
My own little corner of the world , policy wonking , is an example .
oh that 's accommodating
so Eric what do you think um
you know we keep a couple hundred dollars um if that much charged on those which is n't too bad it 's just your normal
Unless the report is restricted by law or regulation , auditors should ensure that copies be made available for public inspection .
` Dave Hanson , to whom nothing was impossible . ' Well , we have a nearly impossible task : a task of engineering and building .
There are other reasons that wrecks cause fan excitement -- e.g.
That is , businesses commonly contract out any function that can be done by another firm at a lower cost .
yeah that 's a nice place
I want you to mark him .
In Texas , the legislature was instrumental in effecting changes to the state 's benefit programs through provisions in several pieces of legislation .
and he 's an engineer so he even came over and set it up for me and had it running for like two hundred dollars so i thought that
One large multinational corporation uses atechnical facilitators - to support its initiatives .
Several of the individuals and organizations that we contacted also suggested that agencies move to a more consistent organization , content , and presentation of information to allow for a more common look and feel to agencies ' ITbased public participation mechanisms in rulemaking .
Lewis brought to the campaign the same intensity he had trained upon redneck troopers and sheriffs .
Update on the Democratic fund-raising scandal : 1 -RRB- President Clinton said FBI agents denied him advance warning about Chinese influence-buying efforts by telling his aides to keep the information secret .
Therefore , many leading finance organizations have calculated and compared these percentages as a general indication of how well they supported the organization 's business objectives .
Generally , if pH of scrubbing liquor falls below a range of 5.0 to 6.0 , additional reagent is required to maintain the reactivity of the absorbent .
In both Britain and America , the term covers nearly everybody .
The contrast between the landscape of the central highlands and the south coast could not be more marked .
The central section of Tinos has little of interest , but make your way over the hills to the pretty village of Pyrgos , famed for its school of marble carving .
Then he is very sure .
Meanwhile , critics on the left argue that because the United States failed to intervene in Rwanda , its intervention in Kosovo is morally suspect and probably racist .
These rules were not used extensively .
Said we was a-staying at the inn .
Pearl Jam detractors still ca n't stand singer Eddie They say he 's unbearably self-important and limits the group 's appeal by refusing to sell out and make videos .
yeah plus uh you know look at the you know the besides the pollution the the aspect of invasion of privacy there 's a big pollution aspect too i find i throw out a lot of those flyers and i have no interest in
On the Use of Qualitative Methods in Policy A Review of Three Multi-site Studies .
The regime 's response of ferocious repression plus numerous other ineptitudes led to a third revolution in 1848 , with the Bonapartists , led by Napoleon 's nephew , emerging triumphant .
Strange as it may seem to the typical household , capital gains on its existing assets do not contribute to saving as measured in NIPA .
You can alternate lazy days on the beach with some of the Medi?ter?ra?nean 's best deep-sea diving , boat excursions around pirate coves , canoeing and fishing on inland rivers , or hikes and picnics in the mountains .
i agree with you but did you see the map they drew up on uh on how they were gon na divide up the districts
Taking an ecumenical tack , nation officials in Chicago recently issued edicts commanding preachers to back off their anti-Semitic rhetoric .
and they just put instructors out there and you you sign up for instruction and they just give you an arm band and if you see an instructor who 's not doing anything you just tap him on the shoulder and ask him questions and they 'll show you things
Are you ready to train before our ride ? Jon asked Adrin .
All-inclusive units are in villas and a great house in tropical setting overlooking Caribbean .
Progressives at last are noticing that the best argument for government activism is that it works .
It vibrated under his hand .
Look for the servant girl hurtled into hell for flirting with the devil .
For the next two centuries Aelia Capitolina enjoyed an innocuous history .
To get a wonderful view of the whole stretch of river , and to stretch your legs in a beautiful parklike setting , climb up to the Ceteau de Marqueyssac and its jardins suspendus -LRB- hanging gardens -RRB- .
well Jerry do you have a favorite team
` You should do the fixing . '
The Varanasi Hindu University has an Art Museum with a superb collection of 16th-century Mughal miniatures , considered superior to the national collection in Delhi .
um i 've visited the Wyoming area i 'm not sure exactly where Dances with Wolves was filmed
Never know where they wo n't turn up next .
This historically renowned freshwater lake , known both as the Sea of Galilee and Lake Kinneret -LRB- meaning a harp , after its shape -RRB- , is just 58 km -LRB- 36 miles -RRB- in circumference .
substitute my my yeah my kid 'll do uh four or five hours this week for me no problem
For a half millennium or more , Madrid idled as a provincial backwater , rarely noticed on the arid central plains of Castile , until Felipe II plucked it from his royal cap in 1561 and proclaimed it the capital of Spain .
His diet was of wheaten bread ,
Robust came in third among words and phrases submitted -LRB- 220 citations in the CR -RRB- , and unlike the previous two , it seems to be a genuinely new cliche ; at any rate , Chatterbox had n't previously been aware of its overuse .
during the whole war he never put out like a conservation a conservation effort for oil
Dan Burton , in an appearance on Good Morning , America , said he had sent a letter to Attorney General Janet Reno urging her to have the FBI seize the Kuhn paperback immediately so it can be examined by its own labs .
This time around , Lloyd believes he 's the Messiah .
Their ideas and initiatives can be implemented at the local and national levels .
yeah okay you go ahead
There was no longer any when you wanted some unbridled adult fun , Las Vegas was the place to be .
He bent down to study the tiny little jeweled gears .
I put it to you that , wearing a suit of Mr. Inglethorp 's clothes , with a black beard trimmed to resemble his , you were there '' and signed the register in his name !
8 A stoichiometry of 1.03 is typical when the FGD process is producing gypsum by-product , while a stoichiometry of 1.05 is needed to produce waste suitable for a landfill .
She did not reply .
He walked out into the street and I followed .
He pointed at his bald head .
Two is enough for a secret .
It 's an interesting account of the violent history of modern Israel , and ends in the Scafeld Room where nine Jews were executed .
They were so sure of themselves that they took it for granted he had made a mistake . ''
You will remember my saying that it was wise to beware of people who were not telling you the truth . ''
Randy 's Anecdotal Wrap-Up
Daniel took it upon himself to explain a few things .
that 's really true a lot of it is um the color certain colors seem to be more acceptable
It is also sometimes called simply Beaubourg , after the 13th-century neighborhood that surrounds it .
so we 're expecting our local economy to
Since the rules were issued as interim rules and not as general notices of proposed rulemaking , they are not subject to the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 .
so who so if you go out and you 're talking like a ten or fifteen thousand dollar vehicle and you add that sales tax on that 's a that 's a big chunk of change you have to come up with
83 At that point , Poirot nudged me gently , indicating two men who were sitting together near the door .
There is a roller coaster up there as well , but experienced riders consider it too slow and uneventful despite the altitude .
` Not entirely , ' I snapped , harsher than intended .
Look here , you 've been asking me a lot of questions .
actually i think abortion 's going to take a turn where there 's not going to be as many because i think contraceptives are going to be more popular i mean i realize that they are popular now but i think
Because of the casualties , Lind says , the United States would eventually have had to leave Vietnam anyway .
Supreme Court agreed Monday to hear a Washington case challenging the widespread practice of pooling client money held by lawyers and using the interest to pay for legal services for the poor .
When he 's ready for a major strike , how many innocents do you suppose are going to suffer ? To quote one of your contemporaries ; ` The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few . ' '
Our review indicates that the Food and Drug Administration complied with the applicable requirements .
Ricky Martin was filming his triumphant return to the gay porn industry .
There is an exhibition of highland dress , showing how it developed through the centuries .
they take the football serious
North of Mytilini , stop at the village of Moria , where you will find the remains of a huge Roman aqueduct surrounded by grazing goats .
Corroborating evidence is independent evidence that supports information in the database .
Chatterbox queried Trudeau about the Dallas Morning News quote .
I touched my palm to his mutilated cheek , and tried to stem my instinctive revulsion .
Clinton used a floor mop to clean up the dirt he had tracked onto the shiny floor of an elementary school .
To reach any of the three Carbet falls , you must continue walking after the roads come to an end for 20 minutes , 30 minutes , or two hours respectively .
These alone could have valuable uses .
my goodness it 's hard to believe i did n't think there was anybody in the country who had n't seen that one
Most of the dances are suggestive of ancient courtship rituals , with the man being forceful and arrogant , the woman shyly flirtatious .
In the summer , the Sultan 's Pool , a vast outdoor amphitheatre , stages rock concerts or other big-name events .
The materials then are searched for counterevidence and subsidiary or branching paths are laid out .
She seemed so different ''
The Congress also told LSC that it could not continue to fund its grantees presumptively and that it must begin to distribute its funds on a competitive basis .
You will also see hippie-made jewellery on sale , especially at the market in Punta Arab? .
Kyoto 's kabuki troupe performs in December and Osaka 's in May .
i spent a number of years in the service as an intelligence analyst
Kom Ombo is an unusual temple in that it is dedicated to two gods .
More detailed implementation plans also will be necessary to address business system , processes , and resource issues .
According to Jane Langmuir , director of the project , water and heat come together and create a totally new appliance .
The central porch is still intact , depicting Jesus 's entry into Jerusalem , the Crucifixion , and other scenes from the Bible .
To savour the full effect of the architect 's skill , enter the courtyard through the gate which opens onto the Hippodrome .
Britons , however , trumpet their poet laureate as worthy of the ranks of Blake , Keats , Hardy and Auden -LRB- the Times of London -RRB- .
The majority of the agencies that responded appreciated GAO 's initiative to develop the protocols and said that they were comprehensive and provided a framework for meaningful communication .
yeah right uh-huh that 's right yeah you you have to work on you really do
Do not talk .
but we 're taking our time we 're going uh try to make our decision by July
Other functional components of the Postal Service are presumed here not to exhibit significant scale economies , although this has not been demonstrated .
what do you think about uh about our new governor since she happens to be a female
yes that i think that 's true so that makes them feel definitely like outsiders but like getting back to the their government benefits they they do have a lot of uh tax benefits
Matches are held only intermittently , however The Calcutta Cup Match , in early April , pits the Scots against their auld enemy the English and is a great spectacle .
So many seemingly contrary and opposing factors combine to make it unique .
him ? '' she asked .
More works can be seen in the museum attached to the cathedral -LRB- admission is around 100 pe?setas -RRB- .
The researchers found expected stresses like the loss of a check in the mail and the illness of loved ones .
in our town of five thousand we have one that is uh local FM AM station and their news is fed from CNN too uh it 's more of uh
Gordon , Robert J. Does the ` New Economy ' Measure Up to the Great Inventions of the Past .
Any point you failed to win by rigging the questions and categories can be cleaned up in the executive summary -LRB- the pollster 's spin -RRB- and the press release and news conference -LRB- the client 's spin on the pollster 's spin -RRB- .
i do n't know how what it would take to be come up with a true perfect system or if one exists but
The final rule was determined to be an economically significant regulatory action by the Office of Management and Budget and was approved by OMB as complying with the requirements of the Order on March 26 , 1998 .
they ought to take all them little misdemeanor people let them go let them go
NIPA had already recognized mineral exploration as investment , and in 1996 , NIPA reclassified government purchases of plant and equipment as investment .
they do n't call them immigrants anymore that was back during my granddaddy 's day
A member of the only student-run chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union in New York state , Zelon worked to resolve disputes between students and police officers to help protect the public 's right to peaceful protest .
To their good fortune , he 's proving them right .
Several of the organizations had professional and administrative staffs that provided analytical capabilities and facilitated their members ' participation in the organization 's activities .
As a result of the comments received , AMS changed the proposed rule and it was republished for comment in March 2000 .
I do n't know what I would have done without Legal Services , said James .
Oh my God , I 'm actually intimidated by a Simulacra .
and i use a one of those black soaker hoses that actually oozes water every where so i lace it up and down there a couple of times and i only have to water about two hours a week
I will practice The Look on old French ladies who are happy to have any old look at all , I say , and then , as I get the hang of it , move gradually into the big leagues .
because then they 'll or you have a prescription
uh and i think even Electric Light Orchestra had some some real um influences by classical music and i 'm still still my favorite in fact most of my CDs that i got are classical music
Friendly staff .
We 've been a couple of mutts , who 've bitten off a bigger bit than they can chew .
Up here , gazing out at strikingly lush mountains , you may find yourself higher than the clouds , which adds to the extraordinarily eerie atmosphere of the place .
It profiles a new kind of office superstore-cum-hotel that sells generic office space to lonely telecommuters .
The levadas were largely built by slave laborers from Africa , whose primary employment was on sugar plantations .
As a result , their services may be more effective when conducted in the emergency department environment .
Big Game Fishing and Boat Trips .
If the collecting entity transfers the nonexchange revenue to the General Fund or another entity , the amount is accounted for as a custodial activity by the collecting entity .
you know they they like what they 're doing they you know they feel good about what they 're doing that type of thing it 's more
Great mistake to say too much .
I am not .
yeah i think i 'll probably just have to go with one of those splint braces or something
Each of them was as tough as a thick tree and loyal to the death .
oh hum well uh i have n't for some reason have never really gotten enthused about football in the summer from from the the World League
What 's more , there is no evidence of any competitive evaluation of Tripp before she was offered this job .
Paper goods .
Both professors soon realized that creating a new language was not an easy task .
British action would n't have mattered .
Venice and its Repubblica Serena rebounded to turn to the mainland , extending its Veneto territory from Padua across the Po valley as far as Bergamo .
A silver revolver .
13 Executive Effectively Implementing the Government Performance and Results Act -LRB- GAO/GGD -96 -118 , June 1996 -RRB- .
Indeed , 58 percent of Columbia/HCA 's beds lie empty , compared with 35 percent of nonprofit beds .
The call is coming from inside the house !
Suddenly she started , and her face blanched .
Today it is possible to walk through the old agora -LRB- marketplace -RRB- and stroll along Roman roads .
They drive it around the country in a dilapidated ice-cream truck trying to keep it cool .
The island has a long history ; its marble deposits were coveted around the ancient world .
Beyond the Quantitative Cul-de - A Qualitative Perspective on Youth Employment Programs .
Two separate , exhaustive shots posted simultaneously ?
Slate could have put someone with a reasonable grasp of elementary finance and a balanced viewpoint in charge of writing a tax piece .
In fiscal year 2000 , it reported estimated improper Medicare Fee-for-Service payments of $ 11 .
The agencies requesting guidance on internal controls when implementing fast pay have also designed procedures to verify receipt and acceptance of goods ordered on an afterthefact sampling basis rather than on the basis of a 100percent postpayment verification as is traditionally done .
And truly , the father was right , his son had already experienced everything , tried everything , and was interested in less and less .
No , Dave Hanson , you were too important to us for that .
Puppet Shows .
But there 's SOMETHING .
More reserved and remote but a better administrator and financier than his uncle , Charles Brooke imposed on his men his own austere , efficient style of life .
right right they left a woman and a child or the cat the sheep yeah
The purpose of the Self-Inspection process was to provide programs a means to verify , by reviewing a sample of cases , that their 1999 CSR data satisfies LSC 's standards for accuracy .
He leaned over Tommy , his face purple with excitement .
This testing of the marketplace may range from written or telephone contacts with knowledgeable federal and non-federal experts regarding similar or duplicate requirements and the results of any market test recently undertaken , to the more formal sources-sought announcements in pertinent publications -LRB- e.g.
We have done that spectacularly .
The results of even the most well designed epidemiological studies are characterized by this type of uncertainty , though well-designed studies typically report narrower uncertainty bounds around the best estimate than do studies of lesser quality .
But I guess I can take it we were wrong , pursued Julius .
Good sir , Jon began .
Dinosaurs poked around the remains ; twitchy little scavengers , fighting over scraps .
As a basic guide , the symbols below have been used to indicate high-season rates in Hong Kong dollars , based on double occupancy , with bath or shower .
No , do n't answer .
no nobody 's going to bother you
A recorded menu will provide information on how to obtain these lists .
um-hum yeah i know what that 's like uh-huh
How effectively DOD manages these funds will determine whether it receives a good return on its investment .
However , some participants cautioned that principle-based standards should not be viewed as a panacea to solve the problems with financial reporting and could lead to an undesirable situation where you would not have comparability or agreement as to the treatment of similar transactions .
Sandstone and granite were the materials used to build the Baroque church of Bom Jesus , famous for its casket of St. Francis Xavier 's relics in the mausoleum to the right of the altar .
uh but you could fill a whole bunch of uh holes with these things i used to i used to advertise buying wheat pennies um i 'd give a dollar a roll which two cents a piece which is basically overpriced
The rise of the British Empire in India had begun .
yeah well are you you with TI
She , in turn , was worshipped by her subjects as a living god .
A niche incumbent might provide delivery less frequently or to a subset of possible stops .
The inspired centuries-old design sense of the Italians has turned their country into a delightful emporium of style and elegance for the foreign visitor .
Coast Guard rules establishing bridgeopening schedules -RRB- .
For instance , when Clinton cited executive privilege as a reason for holding back a memo from FBI Director Louis Freeh criticizing his drug policies , Bob Dole asserted that the president had no basis for refusing to divulge it .
I felt like a rat .
The conversation he had overheard had stimulated his curiosity .
right and that was back in nineteen fifty nine
Trial of Galileo
The remaining parts of the north , although enticing , are difficult to explore .
As black as it is , Heathers has the same theme as the Ringwald/Cusack movies .
Visit at sundown or out of season to get the full flavor of the setting .
The tabs are getting fed up with women who have become rich and famous by telling everyone else how to be better .
Whether you drink beer or alcohol or not , a trip to Dublin is n't complete without a visit to some of its pubs do n't miss this experience .
Watch for Pagla Jhora , the Mad Torrent , just after Gladstone 's Rock -LRB- shaped like the statesman 's head -RRB- .
the hologram makes up all these things and uh i mean sometimes sometimes it 's funny sometimes it 's not but uh you know it 's something to pass the time until we do and then and then we watch football
Additions to the 2002 Request for Proposal -LRB- RFP -RRB- include questions for applicants on staff diversity , recruitment and retention strategies and training , and the organization 's strategic planning .
` Upload him into his body ? What body ? '
And these are tough times for reviewers in general .
You can count on me , if necessary , for one million dollars .
Views from Implementation Research in Education .
An Indian traveler described the prosperous Bujang Valley settlement as the seat of all felicities .
it 's like but the time we went to Florida and needed to rent a car you know he believed in it
Maybe I am too .
yeah and then about every five years you have to dig them up and throw them away and start over again they do n't last forever
What and who will they tax ?
The great attraction of the church is the splendid exterior , which is crowned by golden onion-shaped cupolas .
Reports on attestation engagements should state that the engagement was made in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards .
The day my deadline came , I got a business card .
Then he sobered .
Closed on Friday .
I take it Americans have a higher opinion of morality than you have even .
yeah i can believe that
TEST ORGANISMS
`` If you people only knew how fatally easy it is to poison some one by mistake , you would n't joke about it .
This is a powerful and evocative museum .
In 1923 , Turkey broke away from the tired Ottoman rulers , and Kemal Ataturk rose to power on a wave of popular support .
because uh i know people who eat tons of that kind of stuff and they 're just as healthy as can be
Since the mid 1990s , aggregate household wealth has swelled relative to disposable personal income , largely due to increases in the market value of households ' existing assets -LRB- see figure 1.2 -RRB- .
yeah well at least as they told us uh two shifts
The Tunnel of Eupalinos can be explored but it 's not for the claustrophobic .
they just did n't watch him on TV
yeah that 's that 's a big step yeah
She leaned back in her chair .
Agreed-upon Auditors perform testing to issue a report of findings based on specific procedures performed on subject matter .
They are the four sentences you always insert in plagiarized papers to throw the professor off track .
Mallorca prospered .
Harlem was our first permanent office , he said .
findings , the Administrator has determined that an environmental impact statement need not be prepared .
yeah TI people yeah and so i just figured no it 's just this area you know
The man who had once come up with a has-been corner skit , in which , as Zmuda recalls , forgotten performers would be sent out to flounder in front of an audience ...
well i meant when when you were when you were growing up i mean like Galveston
down here it 's been it 's everybody 's got colds and everything because it 's cold one day and hot the next day
Under the budget deal , by 2002 , national defense will consume about $ 273 billion a year compared with $ 267 billion now .
But there are two kinds of the pleasure of doing , and the pleasure of not doing ; the pleasure of indulging , and the pleasure of abstinence .
Reports on attestation engagements should state that the engagement was made in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards .
The cuts will take the biggest bite out of Land of Lincoln , a network of eight offices and 40 lawyers who help clients in southern Illinois with problems like eviction , access to Social Security and obtaining orders of protection from abusive spouses .
And , for the rest of the way home , I recited to them the various exploits and triumphs of Hercule Poirot .
In a further role reversal , Gingrich may have positioned himself to fill it .
To help ensure the success of GPRA , the CFO Council , which the CFO Act created to provide the leadership foundation necessary to effectively carry out the Chief Financial Officers ' responsibilities , established a GPRA Implementation Committee .
In the other sight he saw Adrin 's hands cocking back a pair of dragon-hammered pistols .
The first , reached from Luxor , is Esna , 54 km -LRB- 33 miles -RRB- by road .
no chemicals and plus then you can use it as a fertilizer and not have to worry about spreading those chemicals like on your lawn or your bushes or whatever
Case Studies in Science Education .
It is really a matter of waiting . ''
She was 96 just turning away when she heard a piercing whistle , and the faithful Albert came running from the building to join her .
The large scale production of entertainment films is a phenomenon well worth seeing several times .
Our efforts having been in vain , we had abandoned the matter , hoping that it might turn up of itself one day .
Today , the island is little more than a forgotten backwater with few ferry connections to other islands , but its strong natural defenses gave it advantages in ancient times .
It was here in 1952 that King Farouk signed his abdication before boarding his yacht for exile in Italy .
In the meantime we must send for a doctor , but before we do so , is there anything in this room that might be of value to us ? '' Hastily , the three searched .
On the platform stood an altar and a large stone pillar .
It was going to be a hot day .
For example , service coordination is a popular remedy for limited funds .
The Women 's Haven , which provides shelter and outreach to domestic-violence victims , already has a full-time attorney .
Then he shrugged .
The girls who wish to wear the scarf in Turkey say it represents Muslim female empowerment , and they consider themselves oppressed if it 's forbidden .
This call to play fortuneteller is not easily refused .
so uh i hope you like your office
The museum is well laid out and the perfect size for relaxing away a couple of hours on a wet day .
Without the discount , nobody would buy the stock .
and uh the whole organization was targeting to replace whole life policies with a term life with annuity an annuity and uh
yeah most mine generally stay in the windows they 're they ` re
It shows clearly enough that my poor old friend had just found out she 'd been made a fool of !
4 billion for mercury .
Explanation building is the inverse starting with the observations , the evaluator develops a picture of what is happening and why .
Perhaps all we can say of great acting is that it involves assimilation rather than accumulation , that the performer is n't so much a surrogate as a vessel .
and for regular readers who are a bit confused about our schedule -LRB- and who can blame them ? -RRB-
wow who can afford that my God i ca n't afford to miss a day let alone six
COST ASSIGNMENT - A process that identifies costs with activities , outputs , or other cost objects .
She kept her most important papers in a purple despatch-case , which we must look through carefully . ''
Through Responsive and Naturalistic Approaches .
Sales of goods and services in undercover operations .
But if Clinton consents , censure and community service can proceed .
Kentucky officials say there is a virtual epidemic of abusive relationships in the state .
Cultural transitions of major organizations are never easy to accomplish , and I would certainly not claim that it will be easy for GAO .
Hughes has accomplished this in part by the unusual technique of double ghosting .
He fell in love with Monica Lewinsky -- and even told her he wanted to be with her when he left office .
In the final rule , HCFA revised certain regulations pertaining to the costs of graduate medical education programs to conform to a recently enacted statute .
To see the desert at its best , go out at dawn and at sunset .
The analysis concluded that , because the rule relaxed the hog cholera-related restrictions imposed on the importation of live swine and prepared pork products from Sonora , Mexico , the proposed rule could have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities in the United States .
Mykonos has had a head start as far as diving is concerned because it was never banned here -LRB- after all , there are no ancient sites to protect -RRB- .
Still Bork waited , staring upwards .
paid back down it uh
This majestic room is used for modern-day entertaining when the queen hosts dinners and banquets .
This is the island 's main city and financial , governmental , and administrative centre , and its charms match those of other Mediterranean jewels .
I saw that a faint streak of daylight was showing through the curtains of the windows , and that the clock on the mantelpiece pointed to close upon five o'clock .
uh high humidity
Then you 're ready for the fray , either in the bustling great bazaars such as Delhi 's Chandni Chowk or Mumbai 's Bhuleshwar , or the more sedate ambience of grander shops and showrooms .
yeah because it like i i think i 've seen those before but i do n't remember what they look like
These 900 hectares -LRB- 2,224 acres -RRB- of parkland on the western edge of the city constitute one of Baron Haussmann 's happier achievements .
However , crashing real estate prices had a domino effect on the rest of the economy , and in the early 1990s Japan slipped quickly into stagnation and then recession .
Last year , they were spooked .
Daniel sat buried by the lights , occasionally pressing things .
As shown in Exhibits A-1 and A-2 in Appendix A , in the first phase of technology implementation , an engineering review and assessment of the combustion unit is conducted to determine the preferred compliance alternative .
For example , the first number in Column -LRB- 10 -RRB- shows that in FY 1997 , the volume of mail sent by households to other households represented 6.6 percent of total First-Class volume .
This formal Review Process guarantees representatives of every designated state planning body the right to direct communication with LSC officials at the highest level in seeking reconsideration of an LSC decision .
He dismounted and Ca ` daan saw he was smaller than the rest .
The door opened and Severn stepped out .
They make a pretty pair working together .
Slate continues to be available on MSN and directly on the Web at slate.com .
Rather , kids today are not only little bundles of joy but also are perhaps the ultimate symbols of worldly success and status .
After criticizing the GOP openly for weeks , Buchanan announced that he would seek the Reform presidential nomination , which would bring him $ 12 million in federal funds .
oh i did and i laughed real hard when i took it in for the two thousand mile checkup and uh
You wonder what youre going to be when you grow up , lawyer Smith said .
Clearly , people do n't know how to reach lawyers .
Tommy had a healthy and vigorous appetite .
As Russell points out , some 400,000 legal aid cases go unassisted each year .
The case law is a whole body unto itself .
If anything , ultimate fighting is safer and less cruel than America 's blood sport .
REESTIMATE - Refers to estimates of the subsidy costs performed subsequent to their initial estimates made at the time of a loan 's disbursement .
The door did not budge .
First , the Comptroller General sends a written request to the agency head for the record that has not been made available to GAO within a reasonable time after an initial request .
Chennai , known until 1996 as Madras , is easy-going , pleasant , and remarkably uncrowded .
oh does it sure
This step of the analysis employs complex computer models that simulate the transport and transformation of emitted pollutants in the atmosphere .
In the market proper , spices and grain are piled up in multi-colored mountains ; merchants chant as they measure out separate lots of five kilos three , three , three , four , four , four , and five , five , five .
IQ boosting was achieved through a fetal replacement process where the embryos from two carefully selected mothers were to be switched from one to another .
Information is the resource-extractive industry of the next century , and the concept of intellectual property -- a term that dates back 150 years -- comes up when individuals or companies assert a particular claim and embody it in the form of copyrights , trademarks , and patents .
, First-Class Mail used by households to pay their bills -RRB- and the household bill mail -LRB- i.e.
well what station plays uh that type of music
His ruthless campaigns resulted in more than 600,000 Irish dead or deported .
and uh it that takes so much time away from your kids
But I 'll take up my stand somewhere near , and when he comes out of the building I 'll drop a handkerchief or something , and off you go ! ''
Five minutes later she smiled contentedly at her reflection in the glass .
Several security managers said that by participating in our study , they hoped to gain insights on how to improve their information security programs .
I noticed that there was a long branch running out from the tree in the right direction .
Neither does it include the mail sent in response to advertising .
On the easternmost tip of Jamaica stands Morant Point Lighthouse , built in 1841 .
Bork shuddered .
They returned to live in the Galilee village of Nazareth , making pilgrimages to Jerusalem .
The strychnine had been found in a drawer in the prisoner 's room .
He had forgotten about Adrin .
and they just put instructors out there and you you sign up for instruction and they just give you an arm band and if you see an instructor who 's not doing anything you just tap him on the shoulder and ask him questions and they 'll show you things
I think as soon as they get you , they 'll come for me .
yeah really no kidding
You can either fly on TAP/Air Portugal -LRB- 15-minute flight -RRB- or take the ferry -LRB- which leaves daily at 8am ; Tel. 291/226 511 -RRB- .
Calcutta seems to be the only other production center having any pretensions to artistic creativity at all , but ironically you 're actually more likely to see the works of Satyajit Ray or Mrinal Sen shown in Europe or North America than in India itself .
Closed on the Sabbath .
Along the eastern coastline are several fine beaches with perfect windsurfing conditions in their wide , shallow bays .
Both were run by editors -LRB- Paul Williams , Jann Wenner -RRB- who saw rock stars as modern poets and voices of their generation .
agencies ' operating trust , enterprise and internal service funds -RRB- are required to produce auditable financial statements .
yeah right right yeah i know i uh i remember my college days and having to do that too
ooh it 's kind of tough to think of some of the others although i do watch some of some of those frivolous things uh like on Thursday nights at nine o'clock when i get home from aerobics i will watch uh Knots Landing
Across the river from the city , it has superb views ; rooms are very contemporary in design .
yeah yeah and i took a five year note out on my car when i right when i got out of college and uh i 'll never do that again i still got a couple of years on it to go and i 'm
They capitalized on the natural resources by using the salt to cure fish , which they exported to their home country .
He did not immediately recognize Tuppence .
yeah yeah seven percent or something it depends on where you 're at some places in Dallas i guess it 's like closer to eight and places like in Lewisville it 's a lot closer to seven
The category of qualifying teen-agers and women could include all recipients of welfare or other public assistance -LRB- including daughters of recipients -RRB- who are competent to give informed consent to the implant procedure .
that 's neat just supervised more or less than anything and security i guess for them
Did the ancestors of the Indians really come from Asia over the Aleutian land bridge ?
In the 1980s , a pragmatic socialist coalition government with the Christian Democrats brought a few years of unusual stability .
While the NIPA measure reflects how government saving affects national saving available for investment , the unified budget measure is the more common frame of reference for discussing federal fiscal policy issues .
He wore a simple leather breastplate with a single red glyph over the chest .
Now they 're telling mothers to deny food to infants all night long once the kids are a few months old .
Only trouble was , they had infinite ammunition ... we only had so many bullets .
South Carolina has no referendum right , so the Supreme Court canceled the vote and upheld the ban .
i 've been getting a kick out of those lately
She admits to Dorcas , ' I do n't know what to do ; scandal between husband and wife is a dreadful thing . ' At 4 o'clock she has been angry , but completely mistress of herself .
It is constrained by laws and regulations formulated by Congress over more than two centuries .
Hang it all ! said Tommy indignantly .
So , which one of you ladies wants to go first .
Sarawak pottery is ochre-colored with bold geometric designs .
there 's certain times of the year of course that uh that it probably would n't do very well because of the temperature and stuff but but uh the right time of year it works pretty good
Such experience better enables the CIOs to work with business managers to build a shared vision for meeting mission needs .
Her state is probably to be attributed to the mental shock consequent on recovering her memory . ''
From that spot she could see all of them and , should she need to , she could see through them as well .
We still espouse a God-given right of human beings to use the environment for their benefit , says Barrett Duke of the Southern Baptists .
Paris and its immediate surroundings are a magnet for tourists , students , businessmen , artists , inventors ' in short , everyone except perhaps the farmer and fisherman , who may well come to the city to protest government policies .
My last afternoon in Louisian was supposed to be no different - but the hotel room was small and claustrophobic , and I was utterly bored .
The Indigenous Project , a new program run by the Oregon Law Center , is one of only a handful of places in the United States where indigenous farmworkers from Mexico and Central America can find free and confidential legal aid .
In a still faintly Victorian atmosphere , Dinard has preserved all the best assets of a good luxury villas and long , paved promenades , plush hotels , elegant boutiques , discothyques , casino , parks and gardens , and an Olympic-size public swimming pool .
i always wait for the movie i do n't have time to read the book
Still , I guess that can be got over .
Snap Judgment
On the other side of the peninsula , off the tourist track in the peninsula 's heel , are the curiously romantic landscapes of Puglia , from its centuries-old trulli constructions to the medieval fortresses of the German emperors .
Her voice was doubtful .
To help identify solutions to this problem , Senators Fred Thompson and John Glenn , Chairman and Ranking Minority Member , respectively , of the Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs , requested that we study organizations with superior security programs to identify management practices that could benefit federal agencies .
Model yields an estimate of the percentage change in a household 's demand for postage as a result of owning a computer
i was trying to think about some of my favorite people that i liked in music and they 're none of them are recent right
Then he sobered .
Pesticide concentrations should not exceed USEPA 's Ambient Water Quality chronic criteria values where available .
oh it 's fun i call
And you are wrong in condemning it .
Massive tidal waves swept over Crete , and other parts of the Mediterranean , smashing buildings and drowning many thousands of people .
He was born Siddhartha Gautama in a grove of sal trees at Lumbini -LRB- just across the Nepalese border -RRB- around the year 566 b.c.
He caught a grip on himself , fighting the fantasies of his mind , and took another breath of air .
In 1984 , Clinton picked up rock groupie Connie Hamzy when she was sunbathing in a bikini by a hotel pool .
Endorphins were flowing .
All of the islands are now officially and proudly part of France , not colonies as they were for some three centuries .
First , injected cannabinoids may not mirror the effects of smoked marijuana .
okay okay that 's it that GTE had purchased Tigon and yeah that 's what we have
and going to school is also always very prohibitive now unless your parents are wealthy
It incorporates a risk assessment methodology intended to reduce audit planning time and ensure that significant issues are included .
Happily , there 's still a lot that has n't yet been adulterated on the two islands ` meaning that visitors also have a choice .
Later , Tom testified against John so as to avoid the electric chair .
no never heard of it
and they 're fairly close to the water are n't they i mean they 're right on the late
Second tier , but nearly as promising , are Morales of Texas , Scott Harshbarger of Massachusetts , and Dennis Vacco of New York .
Managing better requires that agencies have , and rely upon , sound financial and program information .
But they reached a shrubbery near the house quite unmolested .
He threw one of them and shot the other .
Bien ! he said at last .
CHAPTER 6 : HUMAN CAPITAL
Trump , who said he would decide by March whether to run for president , would likely spend $ 100 million to $ 200 million of his own money on a campaign .
uh-huh and is it true i mean is it um
Lie back , and DO N'T THINK .
From ethnic food shops and vintage clothing stores to electronics and book shops , there are so many interesting shopping spots that it is hard to imagine their breadth and depth .
The seven grants flow from a new Nonprofit Capacity Building program at the foundation , part of a trend among philanthropists to give money to help organizations grow stronger , rather than to the program services they provide .
uh right now we 're actually having uh it 's getting nice i mean it was in the high fifties today but three and a half weeks ago we had an ice storm
but i think let 's see the teams that were there last year were see somebody from California i do n't even know who won the pennant last year
Oh , I I have n't quite worked that out .
Yet Mrs. Inglethorp ordered a fire !
If not the most beautiful , the chateau is certainly the most formidable in the Loire Valley , a real defensive fortress , its black ramparts still forbidding despite having had their towers decapitated on the orders of Henri III .
Figure 1 : Delivery Points to Stops
So unlike people who are fortunate enough to be able to afford attorneys and can go to another lawyer , our clients are simply lost in the legal system if they can not get access to it from us .
I have been visiting an old woman in the village , she explained , `` and as Lawrence told me you were with Monsieur Poirot I thought I would call for you . ''
Angry consumers would complain about cheapo car care .
But it 's for us to get busy and do something . ''
Sure , the man yells back , you 're in a hot air balloon about 30 feet above this field .
Well , shut it then , laughed the woman .
So it was traumatic .
Programs in Michigan and the District of Columbia received one-year grant terms for 2002 .
Poor Dave , she said .
His voice was even and calm , not a hint of rage .
The FCC will publish a notice in the Federal Register when such approval is granted .
yeah uh yeah absolutely and the credit union has nine percent interest so yeah so that 's
You know .
But it was quite a natural suggestion for a layman to make . ''
It was always a part of me .
you know things like that But i do n't follow any team i check the scores the next morning and i know how everybody 's doing and that suffices me But
yeah well i 'm a hot weather person i 'm i can take the heat but i do n't like the cold
well that 's good that 's great
Everybody has this quote from NBA commissioner David You can not strike your boss and still hold your job -- unless you play in the NBA .
The Congress , which controls our funding levels , began to include many members who did not support the purpose and goals of a federal civil legal services program .
In short , most of the whale is incompressible .
Tommy felt his ascendancy less sure than a moment before .
In the vaults of the Bank .
It was made up to look as much like an old-fashioned steam train as possible .
There followed the Balkan Wars , in which Turkey lost western Thrace and Macedonia , then World War I , into which Turkey entered on Germany 's side .
Jon sat down on the ground cross legged .
It 's thought he used the same architect who worked on the Taj Mahal .
it depends a lot of uh a lot of things were thought that uh as you know the farmers thought okay we got chemicals we 're putting chemicals on the field well the ground will naturally filter out the
Recommendations
The chain wielder smiled at her .
Number of testimonies
Click here for Finkelstein 's explanation of why this logic is expedient .
It is also sometimes called simply Beaubourg , after the 13th-century neighborhood that surrounds it .
The spear missed Vrenna by only a hand-span .
3 -RRB- Dare you rise to the occasion , like Raskolnikov , and reject the petty rules that govern lesser men ?
Hey , no problem , a fine policy .
He wanted silk and encouraged the Dutch and British as good , nonproselytizing Protestants just interested in trade .
It will be held in the Maryland woods , and the telecast will consist of jittery footage of the contestants ' slow descent into madness as they are systematically stalked and disappeared/disqualified by Bob Barker .
That 's why we tried to kill you .
yeah uh-huh oh yeah petting zoos and things
There never will be .
uh-huh so do you have to get a shade tolerant grass is that what you ` re
That had been made by the Cadets -LRB- Constitutional Democrats -RRB- under Prince Lvov .
67 through .67 d , provide a mechanism for limiting the issues on which a trial-type hearing is required ; allow the Postal Service to explain the unavailability of data that would otherwise have to be filed ; and provide for data collection for the duration of the experiment .
but like they always say you know got a good profit sharing plan just no profit
well what is it
He 's too cautious .
They greatly outnumber the 6,500-odd human inhabitants mostly white , many the descendants of Huguenots from Brittany and Normandy .
Carmel Man , a relation of the Neanderthal family , lived here 600,000 years ago .
Most produce is locally grown , with some from the restaurant 's own organic garden .
Working groups were established to coordinate training statewide , to focus on the establishment of a statewide website and to continue coordination and sharing in technology matters .
They even smiled at Susan and she smiled back .
At 79 m -LRB- 260 ft -RRB- wide and 36 m -LRB- 118 ft -RRB- high , it was built by the Ptolemies during a total reconstruction of the temple in the years 237 105 b.c.
Consider the Globe : As the respectable media have become sleazy , the Globe has become sleazier .
Nash showed up for an MIT New Year 's Eve party clad only in a diaper .
Black professionals braid their hair to display their ethnic pride .
The baker was not jolly .
If you have the energy to climb the 387 steps to the top of the south tower , you will be rewarded with a stunning view over the city .
The sacred is not mysterious to her .
Respondents to the Board 's question on whether the alternatives of presenting costs of Federal mission PP & amp
yes i i always turn on the TV set and it seems like i catch that program in the last five minutes and
He watched the river flow .
Cultural festivals are one opportunity , but the better way is at a private wedding or feast day when the performances are set in their true context .
This is arguably starting to distort the practice of science itself .
The company later told us that it had discontinued the program because of its adverse effect on employee morale .
Possibly three months . ''
Enter the realm of shopping malls , where everything you 're looking for is available without moving your car .
Now open political debate flourished , especially in Calcutta where Karl Marx was much appreciated .
Lawyers in their first three years of practice or who are inactive pay $ 90 , and retired lawyers pay nothing .
Their supplies scarce , their harvest meager , and their spirit broken , they abandoned the fort in 1858 .
He writes that it 's the first time he 's added such a track .
Marina del Rey is another , where you can also charter a yacht .
Last year at Tuscaloosa 's Turning Point Domestic Violence Sexual Assault Services , half of the 160 women who sought shelter used Legal Services , said executive director Kathy Benitez .
Oh , yes , sir . Dorcas was looking very curiously at him and , to tell the truth , so was I.
Look , it 's your skin , but you 're going to be in trouble if you do n't get busy .
We 'll be the first to admit we make mistakes , but most of those are bureaucratic .
He had never felt better .
And , although I got a Ph.D. in philosophy many years ago and have thought and read about these matters ever since , heaven -LRB- or whatever -RRB- knows I do n't have too many answers that I feel confident about .
Larger boats for up to 20 people , plus crew , offer organized gourmet cruises .
It can not be outlawed .
It does n't seem expensive -- they use it in Bangladesh , after all .
Reportedly the biggest payment made in such a case , it is hardly a nick in Texaco 's annual revenue of more than $ 30 billion .
and not only that it it opens you to phone solicitations
For the first time I entertained the idea of taking my talents to that particular market ... .
A federal employment training program can report on the number of participants .
These latter vast regions of forests , rivers , and mountains border the Indonesian state of Kalimantan and the oil-rich sultanate of Brunei .
Founded by Alexander the Great on the Mediterranean coast in 322 b.c. , Alexandria was capital of Egypt during the Ptolemaic era .
She was quite young , not more than eighteen .
They do not know it themselves . '
I put it to you that you did do so ?
finding the latest thing out from my friends is usually the most uh time effective
I 'm confused .
A button on the Chatterbox page will make this easy , so please do join in .
You claw your way into a position to get your calls returned by actually breaking stories , but that reward is empty .
There 's a dramatic difference between someone like Michael Dell and someone like Al Dunlap .
Princes Street is to Scots what Oxford Street is to the English the premier shopping street of the land .
Perhaps a further password would be required , or , at any rate , some proof of identity .
it it i think that is the biggest problem when you really not you do n't do n't really need the stuff but the nicer looking clothes are the more expensive nicely tailored clothes
Agencies may perform the analyses required by sections 603 and 604 in conjunction with or as part of any other agenda or analysis required by other law if such other analysis satisfies the provisions of these sections .
Among the allegations is that Tokyo Joe -- listen , he calls himself that -- duped subscribers to his e-mail advisory , exaggerating his annual returns by leaving out losing trades .
Anyway , she was found dead this morning . ''
Annette told me how you 'd escaped .
There are no shares of a stock that might someday come back , just piles of options as worthless as those shares of Cook 's American Business Alliance .
Any subsequent alterations to the data can be readily detected .
Where are you going ?
Generally , FGD systems tend to be constructed closer to the ground compared to SCR technology retrofits .
The Sikhs reacted violently to persecution , and the Marathas spread to Orissa , after which , in the year 1739 , Nadir Shah of Persia invaded and carried off the Peacock Throne -LRB- broken up after his assassination -RRB- .
Beginning with his unsuccessful reconnoitring at Bournemouth , he passed on to his return to London , the buying of the car , the growing anxieties of Tuppence , the call upon Sir James , and the sensational occurrences of the previous night .
yeah it is it is and i guess you do n't have to but you know if you look at oh have you ever seen any of the Jacques Teti Teti movies the French movies uh Teti it it
Politically , it 's anti-democratic , replacing congressional and executive branch decision-making .
In most methods , we plan for data collection , then we collect the information , then we analyze it , and then we write the report .
The entrance is also home to several sculptures , including one of Carlyle , the gallery 's founding father .
uh-huh well it 's good that she does that i mean bring it to people 's attention
I still did n't trust the little buggers .
She 's very tired .
Also , the final rule is not intended to have any retroactive effect and administrative procedures must be exhausted prior to any judicial challenge to the provisions of the rule .
um i know that i had heard that uh McDonald 's has gotten so much flack about sending their hot foods out in the Styrofoam that they are going to work on something
There 's nothing like the trendy resort clothing available here , styled on the island by the designers of the Ad-Lib group .
So it was n't Missenhardt 's singing -- marvelous though that was -- that made Osmin 's rantings so thrilling .
really oh i thought it was great yeah
no North Carolina State
Something may be better than nothing . If trials compared low-cost therapy to the complete AZT regimen it 's likely that the new regimens will prove less effective .
and to have children and just get a day care or someone to take care of it and not really have the bonding process that takes place with babies and stuff you know
To be fair , Si does n't pay for all such treats .
HCFA published a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on March 28 , 1997 -LRB- 62 Fed .
Tracking down the tiger is a subtle affair , and requires a degree of dedication , calm , and stealth .
The Committee intends that LSC consult with appropriate stakeholders in developing this proposal .
Per week ?
Possibly no other country has had such a turbulent history .
-LRB- It may resemble Dungeons & amp
Practice 16 : Be Alert to New Monitoring Tools and Techniques
Specifically , by defining mission improvement objectives , senior executives determine whether their organization needs a CIO who is a networking/marketing specialist , business change agent , operations specialist , policy/oversight manager , or any combination thereof .
Just as in ancient times , without the River Nile , Egypt could not exist .
It 's Legal Aid 's commitment to justice .
However , assuming the procedural requirements of Chapter 36 are met , changes negotiated by the Postal Service and a mail user for their mutual benefit may merit recommendation under the applicable statutory standards .
That seems to make up for how he feels about what you did to the Voth .
Mr. Clinton rewards Mr. Knight for his fund raising , Mr. Gore lays the groundwork for his anticipated presidential bid four years from now , and the companies , by hiring Mr. Knight , get the administration 's ear .
hm oh is oh that 's great uh-huh do you get the full benefits
She was a very good mistress to me , sir .
Turns out that Bill got one letter last year that just tore at his heartstrings .
A portion of the nation 's income , in turn , is saved , allowing for additional investment in domestic factories , equipment , and other forms of capital that workers use to produce more goods and services or for investment abroad .
To accommodate these fluctuations and use resources evenly , it would seem reasonable to offer two tiers of rapid and deferred , with air transportation being used for the rapid product .
Or anything else you wanted and could n't keep against magic .
However , assuming the procedural requirements of Chapter 36 are met , changes negotiated by the Postal Service and a mail user for their mutual benefit may merit recommendation under the applicable statutory standards .
Most of France went enthusiastically into World War I , and came out of it victorious yet bled white .
If you have any questions regarding this report , please call me at -LRB-202-RRB- 512-4841 .
So they set about clearing the land for agriculture , setting fire to massive tracts of forest .
And the trunk ? Big ? Mother asked again to keep up appearances .
Favorite items that will help preserve your memories of the rugged Lakeland countryside are clothing or blankets made from the local Herdwick wool , coasters of polished slate , or walking sticks with ram 's - horn handles .
By placing '' one card '' on another '' with mathematical '' precision ! '' I watched the card house rising under his hands , story by story .
football and baseball and
They would burn to the ground by morning .
that 's right you can work yourself to death well i 'm sorry to hear your color did n't come out so good over the weekend
yeah yeah uh-huh yeah we we saw that one uh we find that uh that uh if you can get into those dollar movies you know they 're uh they 're a dollar and a half what is it dollar and a quarter dollar and a half now
Ca ` daan felt his skin get hot and unable to come up with any suitable response , moved on .
There are also a couple of small aircraft lying offshore -LRB- relics of drug runners who ran out of luck -RRB- that make fascinating artificial dive sites .
Two , most other productive operations are easier to study and understand , since few firms have 40,000 locations and a large proportion of their workforce working outdoors .
First , the horsemen brought out a teaser horse .
you did you see that
That 's it . The girl looked at him , then passed her hand across her forehead .
The volumes are available again but wo n't be returned to the stacks until the damp library itself gets renovated .
PROGRAM ACCOUNT - The budget account into which an appropriation to cover the subsidy cost of a direct loan or loan guarantee program is made and from which such cost is disbursed to the financing account .
In Texas , the ability to produce fairly stated external financial reports was only the first step in building a more effective , resultsoriented government .
One possible explanation is that surging household wealth in recent years contributed to the virtual disappearance of personal saving .
I sha n't stop you . ''
But in all probability the girl will have entirely forgotten the intervening period , and will take up life where she left off at the sinking of the Lusitania . ''
Most large hotels will have a floorshow featuring music and dance , including a voluptuous belly-dancer , who will introduce the audience to the art of gyrating Egyptian style .
I was soon strong enough to move .
The final reason for the teen renaissance is boomer self-obsession .
THEY ARE READY , returned Susan 's voice in the back of his mind .
Be forewarned that the download takes quite a while via modem .
Kicked out of the house when she was only 16 -LRB- she was called Suzie in those days -RRB- , Roy went to Delhi and then to architecture school , supporting herself by selling empty milk bottles -LRB- some say beer bottles -RRB- .
Emergency physician attitudes concerning intervention for alcohol abuse/dependence in the emergency department .
Something in his mind seemed also to have developed a `` tan '' that let him face the bite of chance without flinching .
The mansions have been downgraded to consulates since the capital was transferred to Ankara in 1923 , and modern shops and restaurants have sprung up .
Cultural transitions of major organizations are never easy to accomplish , and I would certainly not claim that it will be easy for GAO .
Current Chinese leaders have distinctive characteristics that give them significant advantages over the United States in foreign policy .
After being diagnosed with cancer , Carrey 's Kaufman decides to do a show at Carnegie Hall .
Normally , these discussions are kept secret .
But they persevered , she said , firm and optimistic in their search , until they were finally allowed by a packed restaurant to eat their dinner off the floor .
There would be little benefit to national saving from allowing early access to mandatory accounts with set contribution levels-which has been proposed for Social Security -LRB- see Q4 .
Michael B. Wachter of the University of Pennsylvania and his colleagues conclude that there is a wage and fringe benefit premium for the postal bargaining labor force of 29 .
He turned and saw Jon sleeping in his half-tent .
as long as you got congressmen and senators that are getting kickbacks kickbacks from these different companies that are getting awarded for the defense contracts that 's never going to happen
U.S. civil legal services delivery system .
ooh that does get high yeah i mean
Time 's cover package considers what makes a good school .
yeah because those things i think would just snap you know
because otherwise it 's too it gets if you start them when it 's cooler in the spring then it gets too hot in the summer
I 'm busy now .
Other pundits beam their opinions at us as through a time warp , from the hazy days of past administrations .
The average MLS ticket costs a mere $ 13 , one-third the price of an NHL or NBA ticket .
In the midst of a final desultory polishing of her silver , Tuppence was disturbed by the ringing of the front door bell , and went to answer it .
From here it 's all through the charming hillside village of Saint-Claude , with its upper-income homes , and on toward the summit or as far as the gendarmes are allowing traffic to proceed that day .
But employers are still driving , and that 's all that counts .
He was waiting for the Scotland Yard men .
Strategic parents might spend a large portion of their tax cuts , causing interest rates to rise .
The spot does leave the viewer wondering about the rest of the story , and what tale the condom could tell .
yeah yeah so it 's interesting to talk to somebody from that general vicinity
Anwar el-Sadat succeeded Nasser in 1970 .
and uh you know once you start up at the top and try to get those dollars on down to the hands that need them you know there 's a lot of places the money stops and disappears along the way
yeah yeah seven percent or something it depends on where you 're at some places in Dallas i guess it 's like closer to eight and places like in Lewisville it 's a lot closer to seven
Well , we will come in and interview the brave Dorcas . '' Dorcas was standing in the boudoir , her hands folded in front of her , and her grey hair rose in stiff waves under her white cap .
for me now the address is the same you know my my office address
Although it ceased to be a political capital in 1707 -LRB- when Scotland joined with England to create the United Kingdom -RRB- , Edinburgh was at the forefront of intellectual debate .
yeah i 've i wish they 'd split that bowling season up into uh three seasons
Vaikuntaperumal is a Vishnu temple of the same period , famous for its elevated colonnade of lively sculpted reliefs showing the many exploits of the Pallava kings .
and these comments were considered in formulating the interim rules .
The man had probably heard him urinating or maybe even noticed the change of his breath as he awoke .
i do n't understand that i thought that he was always a good player
We must re-examine the base , including our current human capital policies and practices .
from grocery store baggers that want to buy my car because it 's a Trans Am they 're high school seniors seventeen years old and they got to impress their girl friend
A chancy road winding up to the 475-metre -LRB- 1,560-foot -RRB- summit is likely to test the engine and suspension of your car , as well as your own persistence .
that 's true um-hum well that 's true the America 's paying all this money to have other people give uh aid to other countries so they could be paying their own people and training their own people at the same time
The formal splendor of the grounds testify to the 18th-century desire to tame nature , but it is done with such superlative results that one can only be thankful that the work was undertaken .
There 's a lot of villas all the way along , but by degrees they seemed to get more and more thinned out , and in the end we got to one that seemed the last of the bunch .
To the northwest of the chateau , the Grand Trianon palace , surrounded by pleasantly unpompous gardens , was the home of Louis XIV 's mistress , Madame de Maintenon , where the aging king increasingly took refuge .
The first historical mention of Agra is in 1501 , when Sultan Sikandar Lodi made it his capital .
Very well '' but it 's all extremely mysterious . We were running into Tadminster now , and Poirot directed the car to the `` Analytical Chemist . '' Poirot hopped down briskly , and went inside .
I awoke looking up at stone lit by fire .
right that 's that 's supposedly
Madrid is the perfect base for explorations into the heart and soul of Spain , with a wealth of fascinating day trips and a trio of UNESCO-honored cities just an hour or so from the city .
In Temple Bar , the bookshop at the Gallery of Photography carries a large selection of photographic publications , and the Flying Pig is a secondhand bookshop .
The Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs of OMB approved the
Do n't you know ?
` But if White has any designs at all on living , he 'll be as far from Little as he can possibly get by now . '
Her eyes flashed continually from one window to the other .
Critics complain that John Frankenheimer 's miniseries about the Alabama governor and presidential candidate plays fast and loose with history .
Answer ? said Julius .
made by the FCIC based on such comments are discussed in the preambles to the final rules .
oh i believe that uh mine would say the same uh but uh i seem too rely on them too much
By contrast , their grandson , who assumed the throne in 1516 , was born in Flanders in 1500 , and Charles I could barely express himself in Spanish .
Barney Frank , D-Mass. , will log some of the best sound bites , while Rep.
Around the year 1400 , fighting over the island of Singapore drove the Srivijaya prince Parameswara to seek refuge up the peninsula coast with his orang laut pirate friends in their small fishing village of Melaka .
well the floor was uneven you know
Under Deng Xiaoping , Beijing actively sought to cultivate a good bilateral relationship .
Part of the original design , they were destroyed by Emperor Aurangzeb , who refused images susceptible to idolatry .
And he claimed she earned $ 11,000 a month - or $ 132,000 a year - from a home quilting business she had owned for 22 years .
From 1998 through 2000 , the federal government achieved surpluses , shifting from being a drain on net national saving to become a contributor to it .
NHTSA concluded that while section 330 superseded the section 32902 criteria , it did not supersede the section 32902 mandate that there be CAFE standards for model year 1998 .
There always will be a need for an attorney to do general law .
Around the corner is the huge , domed , Neo-Classical Panth ?? on .
Participation in the rulemaking process requires -LRB- 1 -RRB- the public to be aware of opportunities to participate and -LRB- 2 -RRB- systems that will allow agencies to receive comments in an efficient and effective manner .
Blair has just published a volume of speeches and articles titled New Britain : My
Tuppence frowned .
Never mind that the movie had been out for months and that a Best Supporting Actor Oscar nomination had already been awarded for the portrayal of the female character .
Perhaps San ` doro 's views had grown into him .
yeah that 's probably a a little bit under what it is for this time of year i i think i have n't seen the weather the news the weather on the news in the evening lately but i think the average high would be it should be about seventy
But you might as well see for yourself if you do n't believe me . The note , in Tuppence 's well-known schoolboy writing , ran as follows : `` DEAR JULIUS , `` It 's always better to have things in black and white .
I 've got it down in my notes if you want to see them . '' She extended the woven cords .
Hong Kong has long been China 's handiest window on the West , and the city is unrivaled in its commercial know-how and managerial expertise .
No one would ever think of sentiment in connection with you .
Four or five from the town rode past , routed by their diminished numbers and the fury of the Kal and Thorn .
In this case , shareholders can pay twice for the sins of others .
An ancient Greek trading post , the town manages to combine the atmosphere of a resort with a gutsy , bustling city life .
It 's just the beginning ! ''
God i 'm envious
He needs to keep his finger on the pulse to succeed during the short tourist season .
He works himself into a fake froth ; does some calculated , halfhearted gonzo writing ; then collects a fat check .
uh was n't that Jane Eyre no he wrote Jane Eyre too
i think that yeah i think and i i think that 's real important
As a result of these procedures , the Department estimates an annual net savings of $ 545 million .
well we bought this with credit too well we found it with a clearance uh down in Memphis i guess and uh
You can also view a Roman Nileometer carved in the rock which measured the height of the river and helped the ancient priests to time the announcement of the Nile flood that initiated a movement of workers from the fields to community projects such as temple building .
The setting -- wherever it might be -- always seems authentic , not as if it were a Hollywood back lot .
Every August young women convene to light joss sticks and some even climb the nine-meter -LRB- 30-ft -RRB- rock to pray for good husbands .
From here , many HIV researchers are putting their hopes on combining drug treatments with strategies that boost the immune system .
6 cents are used for domestic investment .
If anyone has a good idea about how to bring back the opinion leaders of yore , I am all for it .
Even after we hire good people , we need to take steps to retain them .
-LRB- Cohen 1999 -RRB- Although many observers would view this as an extreme step it could reduce costs and allow increased efficiencies .
It was replaced in 1910 by the famous old pontoon bridge with its seafood restaurants , which served until the present bridge was opened in 1992 .
Nabatean trading town on the route from Gaza to Petra .
a 808 -LRB- 2 -RRB- only applies if the agency finds with good cause that notice and public procedure thereon are impracticable , unnecessary , or contrary to the public interest .
Also downtown is the Flower Market , on Wall and 8th streets ; fresh-cut flowers and a variety of plants can be had for bargain prices , but the best selections are found before dawn .
A more unusual dish is azure , a kind of sweet porridge made with cereals , nuts , and fruit sprinkled with rosewater .
Even as more people are accumulating balances through employer-sponsored 401 -LRB- k -RRB- saving plans and individual retirement accounts , personal saving-which does not reflect gains on existing assets-has declined .
36 million could mean the state 's legal services for the poor will lose six of their 21 regional offices , the head of a poverty-law resource center said .
And who should decide ?
With dark eyes and eyelashes she would have been a beauty .
Marilyn Manson is darker , more serious , and more vicious than Alice Cooper was .
Because of limited resources , local legal services programs are forced to turn away tens of thousands of people with critical legal problems .
Perhaps tax reform does n't appeal to the new spiritualized side of Bradley .
That 's the second time you 've made that sort of remark .
The city plans to build a community center for Lincoln Place and a future fire station on the site .
For an authentic feel of old Portugal , slip into the cool entrance hall of theimpressive Leal Senado -LRB- Loyal Senate building -RRB- , a fine example of colonial architecture .
It is nice to be reminded that people remember .
Also , the Holy Family are said to have sheltered here on their return from Egypt .
The church of Panagia Theoskepastos houses a fine 14th-century icon , and the Catholic Cathedral has a tenth-century Madonna and Child .
oh i 've never itemized yet
Further , given the dynamic environment agencies face , employees need incentives , training , and support to help them continually learn and adapt .
Troyes is also a center for shopping , with two outlet centers selling both French and international designer-name fashions and home accessories .
San ` doro 's blood ran over Stark 's blade and into Stark 's other cupped hand .
Gore has been Clinton 's lackey for more than six years .
Summary of Deferred Maintenance as of September 30 , 199Z -LRB- in Millions of Dollars -RRB- :
There 's one thing , he thought to himself , `` they ca n't go on shooting .
The Star reports that actress Jodie Foster is pregnant through artificial insemination .
Arsenic would put poor Emily out of the way just as well as strychnine .
i 've yeah i 've done it before and when i was in high in high school and college and thoroughly enjoyed it and and it 's really a a blast my wife hates it but that 's the way life is i guess
Or Sherlock Holmes ? ''
He 's chosen Meg Ryan .
Mr. Inglethorp , said the Coroner , `` you have heard your wife 's dying words repeated here .
Two natural rock formations are always pointed out on excursions .
Professor Rogers began her career by clerking for The Honorable Thomas D. Lambros of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio .
Wanniski and company have been drubbed by the Wall Street Journal , the New York Times ' A.M.
um-hum yeah that 's very true you know how many is it they say we have so many lawyers in this country and i guess i i live near Washington being in in Baltimore it 's something like one in four people in the Washington
The pieces paying 33 .
you know maybe it just was n't possible at all in the first place you know like the no new taxes thing you know that 's uh with the economy going the way it is and everything that was nearly ridiculous thing to
Most menu prices include taxes and a service charge , but it 's customary to leave a tip if you were served satisfactorily .
Inside the Oval White House Tapes From FDR to Clinton
She will step down from the court in December 2002 .
uh yeah they were uh they were very good i was impressed
The universal credibility problem with polling is that wordsmithing and mathematics do n't mix , and never will .
I took to him at once .
I think this report shows that we have had an inordinately productive and successful year .
The next morning they ate dry bread , two strips of lean meat , and two eggs fried in animal fat on a skillet of black scorched iron .
De Wit worked from likenesses of actual monarchs to produce his portraits .
Among runners-up is Boston solo Eleanor Newhoff .
Two of them saw Thorn coming .
Typically assumed to be a high-roller card game , baccarat -LRB- bah-cah-rah -RRB- is similar to blackjack , though it 's played with stricter rules , higher limits , and less player interaction .
yeah that 's that 's always nice when you have an animal that the kids can play with like that how old are the kids
so you know it 's something we we have tried to help but yeah
Poirot answered them categorically , almost mechanically .
That , too , was locked or bolted on the inside .
because like Tech is known to be a good engineering school and A and M maybe is known more for computers
Also , I will be assuming that the 6.0 a cost of the Postal Service to take the mail from basic to workshared condition is constant as limited quantities of mail move back and forth between basic and workshared .
Merrion Square West , Dublin 2 .
We are also advocating enhanced reporting in connection with key federal performance and projection information .
The 37 hectares -LRB- 91 acres -RRB- of garden are set on lands above the Wag Wag River , which twists through a steep and narrow valley .
eligible individuals and the rules that apply if a state does not substantially enforce the statutory requirements .
As a result , an estimated four out of five low-income people requiring legal help in our community do not receive it .
In 2001 , LSC continued to play an active role in encouraging and supporting states ' technology plans .
Do n't forget to take a change of clothing and a towel .
The Black River , at 71 km -LRB- 44 miles -RRB- , is the longest in Jamaica ; it was an arterial route used to transport rum and lumber from the inland plantations .
In particular , the model provides a useful framework for assessing the long-term implications of alternative budget policies through their effect on national saving .
New York Times columnist Bob Herbert asserts that managed care has bought Republican votes and that patients will die as a result .
The year of 1820 was a pivotal one in the story of the King?dom of Hawaii .
i think it 's ninety two
What the judge really wants are the facts -- he wants to make a good decision , he said .
the winged Victory of Samothrace and the beautifully proportioned Venus de Milo .
yeah i 've always threatened to take lessons but i 've never gotten around to it
Beside the fortress lies an 18th-century caravanserai , or inn , which has been converted into a hotel , and now hosts regular folklore evenings of Turkish dance and music .
and then you can add cocoa powder to it to make chocolate or after it 's thickened i cook it for a good once it starts boiling i just i cook it for a good seven minutes
oh yeah well i play softball a couple of times a year it 's they 're getting ready to start up the the season again
um-hum you mean when the reporter sticks the the microphone in the person says the face and says how do you feel that you house has burned to the ground
i understand i can imagine you all have much trouble up there with insects or
Blessed with preternatural gregariousness , good humor , and a love of attention , he 's been tireless about pursuing both celebrity and the cause of popular history ever since .
The first installment of the Star Wars Trilogy Special Edition opened in theaters everywhere .
Do you think Mrs. Inglethorp made a will leaving all her money to Miss Howard ? I asked in a low voice , with some curiosity .
Many Gothic and Renaissance buildings have been lovingly restored .
Have you got him ? ''
Fira is a shopper 's paradise , a series of narrow alleys where you can wander free from the fear of traffic , although keep your eyes and ears open for donkeys .
You wonder whether he could win a general election coming out of the right lane of the Democratic Party .
Although claims data provide the most accurate information about health care use , ensuring adequate follow-up for purposes of obtaining information from patient self-report is important because many people do not report alcohol-related events to insurance compa-nies .
Larger ski resorts are 90 minutes away .
They have found a new object of their affection .
A fine Crusader arch leads down a dimly-lit broad stairway to the dark subterranean Church of the Assumption , a Greek Orthodox church .
The four Javis children ? asked Severn .
These provisions may have to be reexamined as well .
It displays some superb marble sculptures of the second century a.d. , most notably a Venus and the Emperor Hadrian and his wife Sabina .
Meet the Press host Tim Russert took his Christmas vacation five days early by letting Rep.
Whether a government postal service can engage in these kinds of negotiations deserves serious study .
The Santa Monica Pier is the coastal setting for the Twilight Dance Series , a selection of free summer concerts arranged each year .
World demand increased with the growth of the motor-car and electrical industries , and sky-rocketed during World War I. By 1920 , Malaya was producing 53 percent of the world 's rubber , which had overtaken tin as its main source of income .
I regretfully acknowledge that it may even make practical sense to have a few hired guns like Norquist , Downey , and Weber around -- people of value only for their connections to power , not for any knowledge or talent .
As Malaysia has moved resolutely into the modern age , it has also remained , culturally and historically , a rich , multi-layered blend of traditions wrapped up within a modern , busy economy .
The route passes in sight of two uninhabited Es Vedr ? , which hovers like an apparition on the horizon off to the west , and Espalmador , which is popular with yachtsmen for its white-sand beach .
We know they will have to come from the south but that gives them a space as wide as the town in which to launch their attack .
No money no results ! '' Another voice which Tommy rather thought was that of Boris replied : `` Will you guarantee that there ARE results ? ''
So , as he and Tipper walked out , my friend and I were right behind them , and I took the opportunity to say hello and reintroduce myself -- as a journalist , I might add -- and we chatted about the movie for a few minutes .
AT&T and MCI have protested the tax and pledged to pass the cost on to MCI charges 5 percent on all out of state long-distance calls , and AT&T charges a flat rate .
` Would you like some tea ? '
Most traditional reform options involve workers paying more for promised benefits or getting lower benefits .
The panels are to collect advice and recommendations from representatives of affected small entities as part of their deliberative process .
The disorder hardly seemed to exist before the stimulant Ritalin came along .
Yes , sir .
This whole unsavory episode brings back memories of skits with Monty Python ! One of my favorite lines was , You are guilty of six -- no , seven -- charges of heresy .
There is a good restaurant in the village , in addition to a well-stocked mini-market for self-catering visitors .
Two more weeks with my cute TV satellite dish have increased my appreciation of it .
i 'd say they appraised it it 's gone up you now maybe like five percent
And here , current history adds a major point .
And frankly , the number seems a tad low to me .
i think it 's real good anyway it 's it 's been it was nice meeting you
On 4 5 May a mass of mud and rocks was swept down by Pelee 's White River -LRB- Riviyre Blanche -RRB- over a factory , killing 25 people .
Lydians and Persians
Who ? asked Tommy .
He and his associates were n't operating at the level of metaphor .
okay and and i think we just hang up i do n't think we have to do anything else
Every fresh circumstance seems to establish it more clearly . ''
While headquarters staffing is to be streamlined , the staffing levels at the ports are to be maintained or increased .
Instead , we could recommend that , compared with other settings , the prevalence of alcohol problems among ED patients makes it worthy of careful consideration .
In the small marina you can eat while surrounded by expensive boats .
If you land by boat , Caravelle beach is yours for the using ; otherwise you 'll have to pay a nominal charge to the vacation club that owns the acreage .
Along with the latest technology , the prime minister 's office has a superb Bossi marble fireplace , as well as a fine display of art and crafts .
so it 's it 's changing and the summers are getting hot and the winters are cold but i guess i can live with it
Do you know what this is ? '' With a dramatic gesture she flung back the left side of her coat and exposed a small enamelled badge .
it 's so bad wanted to mow today i was off and i wanted to mow the yard but just walking across it it 's still so mushy if i took a mower out there i 'd tear the sod up so bad
yeah what do you do
But in 1799 doom was signaled for the cane monopoly with the appearance of the cheaper sugar beet .
Also , the tobacco executives who told Congress they did n't consider nicotine addictive might now be prosecuted for fraud and perjury .
Good-bye . '' Julius was bending over the car .
On the window above the sink a small container is stuffed with bits of leftovers -- the red berries of barberry , small twigs of willow , cuttings of hinoki cypress with its fruits attached , and the pendulous leathery seed pods of wisteria .
Title IV of the Clean Air Act -LRB- relating to acid deposition control -RRB-
Bill Clinton has developed a rhetoric and a series of positions that span this divide .
Julius before the safe in the flat , her own question and the pause before his reply , `` Nothing . '' Was there really nothing ?
The celebrity-obsessed magazine surpasses itself in the post-Oscar issue .
yeah i know the motor oil
A good time to visit is just at the end of the monsoon in October when you can see flocks of storks , egrets , and cormorants and it is ideally combined with a full-moon trip to the Taj , but there 's plenty to see all year round .
The vineyards hug the gentle slopes between the Vosges and the Rhine Valley along a single narrow 120-km -LRB- 75-mile -RRB- strip that stretches from Marlenheim , just west of Strasbourg , down to Thann , outside Mulhouse .
He touched it and felt his skin swelling and growing hot .
yeah well Rochester 's like right on the shores is n't it
The analyses utilized different assumptions and generally resulted in smaller expenditure impact estimates than noted above .
Jon was about to require a lot from her .
Tabulations of actual meetings and of consequent actions for same-agency funded and different-agency funded services can help check out whether this impression is reliable .
I 'm not interested in tactics , Al. .
It will be held in the Maryland woods , and the telecast will consist of jittery footage of the contestants ' slow descent into madness as they are systematically stalked and disappeared/disqualified by Bob Barker .
so i guess my experience is is just with what we did and and so they did n't really go through the child care route they were able to be home together
we were lucky in that in one respect in that after she had her stroke she was n't really you know really much aware of what was going on
My usual partner . '
5 percent for educational lay programs relating to law and justice , and other public service programs such as the High School Mock Trial Competition and numerous publications .
But a list of who 's better than other people in some aspect or another is not inevitable and does not make the economy any more prosperous or society any richer in other ways .
In America , his colleagues are mostly defeated -LRB- Miss Mudd , his predecessor on his first job , has retired early in disgust -RRB- when they are n't sadistic .
Here you 'll see the delightful but slowly disappearing indigenous FWI costume madras turban , madras skirt over petticoat , silk peplum , white blouse , and gold earrings , bracelets , and collier-choux necklace .
A small page-boy was waiting outside her own door when she returned to it .
The advent of the Bronze Age -LRB- about 3200 b.c. -RRB- , and the spread of city-states ruled by kings , is marked by the appearance of royal tombs containing bronze objects in such places as Troy in the west , and Alacah ?? y ?? k near Ankara .
At the pictures the crooks always have a restoorant in the Underworld .
you do n't think it 's a deterrent
Just look at the entertainment industry 's self-image instead .
What have we for lunch ?
REPORT PREPARATION AND TEST REVIEW
She had spoken with no trace of foreign accent .
oh that might be kind of interesting is it
They said that the current system reflects that diversity , with agencies developing new participation processes and information management systems as needed for their individual programs and communities .
During his disastrous campaign in Russia , he found time in Moscow to draw up a new statute for the Com ?? die-Francaise -LRB- the national theater -RRB- , which had been dissolved during the Revolution .
The logic of analysis in case studies is the same
You can find Manchester , Sheffield , and Cambridge in Jamaica , to name but three .
A rusty iron gate swinging dismally on its hinges !
Other examples of cumulative case studies come from two international agencies .
He sat up , trying to free himself .
The doctor accepted quite readily the theory that Mrs. Vandemeyer had accidentally taken an overdose of chloral .
I ca n't help but wonder if Shuger thought to ask himself a few simple questions before launching his attack -- questions such as , did Tripp ask to be moved to her current job ?
Our work has also shown that agencies can do a better job of providing incentives to encourage employees to improve performance and achieve results .
did you use a textured paint or
Grantees statistically sample the cases closed in the previous year to determine if the sampled cases generally meet the requirements for reporting cases to LSC .
To keep the colors fresh , he dabbed the carcass with blood from a pail , then grabbed his paintbrushes to capture those lurid reds on canvas .
hey it 's reaching all over
and i and i may have been the only one that did both because the mentality in Dallas was that you could n't like both you had to like one and hate the other
Much of Among Giants affords an agreeable blend of the gritty and the synthetic , and the two main actors are a treat .
From the Index : Average number of public school students expelled each school day last year for gun 34 .
This does n't look good .
sometimes well there 's definitely a lot more hitting
`` Give it to me . '' He handed it to her .
In this enclosed but airy building , you 'll find ladies with large machetes expertly chopping off hunks of kingfish , tuna , or shark for eager buyers .
Bauerstein . ''
In other cases , we must rely on survey approaches to estimate WTP , usually through a variant of the contingent valuation approach , which generally involves directly questioning respondents for their WTP in hypothetical market situations .
His fantastic body could heal itself against whatever they did to him , and his mind refused to accept the torture supinely .
course the head bangers i stay away from those entirely
People make two justified complaints about our Slate 60 ranking of America 's largest contributors to charity .
I sha n't stop you . ''
Wear a nicely ventilated hat and keep to the shade in the street .
Conversely , an increase in government saving adds to the supply of resources available for investment and may put downward pressure on interest rates .
And in this city , where literature and theater have historically dominated the scene , visual arts are finally coming into their own with the new Museum of Modern Art and the many galleries that display the work of modern Irish artists .
yes well yeah i am um actually actually i think that i at the higher level education i do n't think there 's so much of a problem there it 's pretty much funded well there are small colleges that i 'm sure are struggling
My bottom line is that I would recommend the book to students and colleagues and I hope it does well , despite its anti-intellectual p.c.
The disputes among nobles were not the first concern of ordinary French citizens .
Generally , if pH of scrubbing liquor falls below a range of 5.0 to 6.0 , additional reagent is required to maintain the reactivity of the absorbent .
This includes all testing , information review , and interviews related to data reliability .
The Celts arrived in the wake of the Roman withdrawal at the end of the fourth century .
The village is Sainte-Marie , named by the explorer when he landed on 4 November 1493 , attracted by the waterfalls and river he could see flowing down the green inland mountains .
This formal Review Process guarantees representatives of every designated state planning body the right to direct communication with LSC officials at the highest level in seeking reconsideration of an LSC decision .
For the beginner ' and for most others , too ' Beaune is the place to buy .
little too much maybe
Write , write , and write .
Well , she 's found .
Jon replaced Susan 's cloak with a white robe and a head scarf , also quite dirty .
Gerth 's prize-winning articles do not mention a CIA report concluding that U.S. security was not harmed by the 1996 accident review .
The final aim of screening must be improved outcomes through referral and counseling .
The statue was beheaded several years ago by islanders , who blame Josephine for her role in the slavery in Martinique .
The formation of a single statewide program was adopted to breathe life into a single program that will provide meaningful access to high quality legal services , in the pursuit of justice for as many low-income people throughout Colorado as possible .
9th circa b.c.First signs of pre-Roman Etruscans
yep same here
um-hum yeah when when i mentioned i 've done this camping out of the car i 've actually done of the situation just like that but what 's interesting is it 's through Texas Instruments
Ibiza 's seven-bulwark defences are almost completely intact .
and and so you know like every other day or or so they have like movies for a dollar Sometimes they 're even free i think uh they showed uh Chima Para Diso free
well i think that 's about all my pet stories right now so
A martini should be gin and vermouth and a twist .
Total volume grew 13 .
yeah well i ca n't i 'll you know i say i ca n't wait for my kids to grow up but i believe i 'm going to miss this age when they 're gone
If I work at it , I might even be able to pick up some endorsements from members of the Sonics .
For ideological free-marketeers -LRB- like myself -RRB- , theories like Smith and Wright 's can be intellectually jarring .
yeah well the jury that originally sentenced him sentenced him to death
He charged Jon , knife high .
Also , Time claims that for the past year , the FBI has been seeking Robert Jacques , a possible accomplice to Timothy McVeigh in the Oklahoma City bombing .
Tourist Information offices can be very helpful .
Ho there -- what the devil ? '' The overseer 's hand spun Hanson around .
oh uh-huh well no they would n't would they no
` You 've double-crossed me about four times in one afternoon .
see too much crime on TV and they think it 's way to go i do n't know what do you think
5 are highly correlated during summer months in some areas .
Shoot only the ones that face us , Jon had told Adrin .
The twenty mastic villages known collectively as mastihohoria were built by the Genoese in the 14 15th centuries .
no never heard of it
He 's a bad lot .
120 `` You do not think I ought to go to the police ? ''
8 million in relief in the form of emergency housing .
This provides insight into the important Japanese concept of katachi -LRB- form -RRB- , the rough equivalent of It is n't what you do ; it 's the way that you do it .
Nearby is the Monastery of Nea Moni , founded in 1049 , and one of the most beautiful Byzantine religious sites in the Aegean .
To control land and sea routes to the south , the Mauryas still needed to conquer the eastern kingdom of Kalinga -LRB- modern Orissa -RRB- .
The sculpture on the dome -LRB- a personification of Commerce -RRB- and the river gods -LRB- including Anna Livia , set over the main door -RRB- are by Edward Smyth , who was also responsible for the statues on the GPO .
Horwitz makes us see that the pinched circumstances of their lives are not so different from the conditions of their ancestors , dirt-poor yeoman farmers who seldom saw , much less owned , a slave .
Each working group met several times to develop recommendations for changes to the legal services delivery system .
Nowadays it is bordered by ancient columns and lined with expensive shops .
The Fray 's reputation as a home for hostile , rude , and mean-spirited exchanges suffered a severe beating at the hands of the Reading thread , which was so civilized that participants suggested taking insulin shots afterward .
` Go now . '
the only thing that they had a great abundance of was uh you know human beings
Hatch : Muslims treat Moses as a great prophet .
She was alone at last with the president !
The village is tiny and a total contrast to the bustle of the Trenchtown ghetto in Kingston , where he lived as a recording superstar .
Summer boasts long , warm days with strong sunlight and hazy views .
someone else noticed it and i said well i guess that 's true and it was somewhat melodio us in other words it was n't just you know it was really funny
I could 've afforded a much swankier , up-town place - or at least , a slightly swankier , mid-town place - but all that space would just encourage me to clutter .
So it has gone , with conspiracism playing a role in crisis after crisis .
trying to keep grass alive during a summer on a piece of ground that big was expensive
There is nothing more to be done here , I think , unless , he stared earnestly and long at the dead ashes in the grate .
As discussed in section 1 , personal saving is the amount of aggregate disposable personal income left over after personal spending on goods and services .
This guide will introduce you to many , but not all , of the popular Aegean Islands .
Dole : We ought to agree that somebody else should do it .
They should have him be just a disembodied voice .
i know that i did n't much uh-huh oh
All of our many earnest experiments produced results in line with random chance , they conclude .
i ca n't do any jumping up and down because it makes it hurt
and i 'll go there for you know two months straight we wo n't go anyplace else
it was difficult
Extensive documentation of the IPM is available at / / www.epa.gov/airmarkets/epa-ipm/index.html .
One of these walls , the Western Wall , is today a major reminder of Jerusalem 's greatness under Herod .
` Have you Mr. Whittington 's address in town ?
Spock did not cure American mothers and fathers of their impossible dream of being professional parents equipped with the developmentally correct answers .
While it 's probably true that democracies are unlikely to go to war unless they 're attacked , sometimes they are the first to take the offensive .
yes uh i bought a uh Bristol thirty five five for my wife
8 Follow-up to the May 8 , 2001 , Hearing Regarding the IRS Restructuring Act 's Goals and IRS Funding -LRB- GAO-01-903R , June 29 , 2001 -RRB- , and IRS Continued Improvement in Management Capability Needed to Support Long-Term Transformation
Eve 's Apple turns out to be a sturdier book than it seems .
They were inferior .
You can count on me , if necessary , for one million dollars .
-LRB- In the short run , higher-income taxpayers may pay more taxes , not less , if a capgains rate cut leads them to sell more assets than they otherwise would have done . -RRB-
The most popular form of shadow theater is known as Wayang Siam .
Zoom-out vs. zoom - Ever since Roe , pro-life posters and pamphlets have depicted isolated fetuses .
Remember , there are over 844 million Indians out there , and a lot of them will be on the move at the same time as you will be , therefore competing for plane seats and hotel rooms .
In reviewing this history , it 's important to make some crucial distinctions .
13-year-olds .
What are you going to do about it ? '' Tuppence frowned severely .
um-hum right do where are you at what state
Joseph Lister pioneered the use of carbolic acid to keep wounds clean , and James Young Simpson experimented with chloroform as an anesthetic .
Ever since the Tokugawa shoguns restricted performances to the samurai classes , noh drama has had a rather elitist appeal .
and my and my part-time work you know it 's not our the restaurant our favorite restaurant in the town of Salisbury where actually we live you know where my where i 'll return to my job or whatever we can normally eat out for um under fourteen dollars
in Asia yeah i spent
Indeed , said San ` doro .
Until the late '60s , the Senate was deferential to the -LRB- many fewer -RRB- presidential nominees .
In April 1453 the Sultan 's armies massed outside the city walls , outnumbering the Byzantines ten to one .
The Romans built roads and established towns , including the towns of Palmaria -LRB- Palma -RRB- and Pollentia -LRB- near present-day Alc ?? dia -RRB- .
Others watched them with cold eyes and expressionless faces .
The island 's burgeoning economic significance propelled population growth , and by the middle of the 15th century Madeira was home to 800 families .
Its scorecard included measures for accuracy , speed and timeliness , unit cost , customer satisfaction , and employee development and satisfaction .
Indeed , the Democratic counteroffensive has already begun .
To see how The Bell Curve tries and fails to get around these inherent problems , see and .
It is housed in a Martello A series of such towers , some 12 m -LRB- 40 ft -RRB- high and 2.5 m -LRB- 8 ft -RRB- thick , were constructed along the coast at the beginning of the 19th century to guard against invasion by Napoleon .
Pray be seated , mademoiselle .
i mean that 's a real attractive option if you have the the technology for it all it was was you know i mean she just used a phone modem and she was like she was sitting in the office
Tommy realized perfectly that in his own wits lay the only chance of escape , and behind his casual manner he was racking his brains furiously .
Not only must capital goods be replaced as they depreciate , but new generations of workers must be comparably
They found plenty of water pouring down from the mountains , and more timber than anyone knew what to do with .
Well , let us leave it .
First , get the basics right , that is , the blocking and tackling of financial reporting .
The younger girl ran screaming to her .
Agricultural shows
The strangest role reversal is going on right now and concerns democracy itself .
But there is a cycle of confirmation ; if prophecy indicates a thing will happen , it will happen -- though not always as expected .
it sure will well good to talk to
We are assured of success ? ''
If ancient writings give only a romanticized view , they do offer a more precise picture of Indo-Aryan society .
Then he gave in .
But I 've seen five other bodies come down like this .
Outside , set in manicured gardens , are the remains of the Abbey of Holyrood .
i am surprised though that we do have so many that are in politics down here
The most comfortable courses are in the cooler hill stations , notably Cameron Highlands and Fraser 's Hill .
Postal Service could increase those same rates by at least 13 .
The same year , the University of Hawaii campus at Manoa became the site of the Center for Cultural and Technical Interchange Between East and West -LRB- popularly known as the East West Center -RRB- , a unique and venerated resource for advanced Pacific Rim studies .
oh , just about nothing .
An article explains that Al Gore enlisted for the Vietnam War out of fealty to his father and distaste for draft Gore deplored the inequity of the rich not having to serve .
Is n't a woman 's body her most personal property ?
Unfortunately , following the vogue of conceptualism , Kentridge has entered a film in the show , , which uses animation of sketches much cruder than the ones he usually does interspersed with documentary footage from the apartheid era .
Transforming Control of Public Health Programs Raises Concerns -LRB-
This usage points to yadda yadda yadda 's larger social It suggests that an ever-larger percentage of the content of everyday communication can be correctly anticipated -- probably owing in part to the sheer repetition of words and arguments in the various public media .
Despite its initial failings , Siegel 's Flamingo survived him , as did mob infiltration of casinos .
and it 's just like college too i think that if a kid goes to college and you can help them fine but i do n't think you should pay the whole way
Search out the House of Dionysos and the House of the Trident with their simple floor patterns , and the House of Dolphins and the House of Masks for more elaborate examples , including Dionysos riding a panther , on the floor of the House of Masks .
You are sure that you did not in any way disclose your identity ? '' Tommy shook his head .
, less than ten years after the death of the prophet Mohamed .
Many users commented on the effectiveness of the new technology in promoting closer relationships among providers .
In 1099 , under their leaders Godfrey de Bouillon and Tancred , the Crusaders captured the Holy City for Christendom by slaughtering both Muslims and Jews .
A museum inside the building gives intriguing insight into the life and heyday of the their rich costumes , their scimitars , and rifles inlaid with bright jewels and silver and a horrible bludgeon with a double serrated edge .
Marilyn Manson is darker , more serious , and more vicious than Alice Cooper was .
However , the other young lady was most kind .
The best beach in Europe ' at least that 's the verdict of its regulars .
For example , the CFO Council and the Office of Management and Budget -LRB- OMB -RRB- are aggressively working on eight priority initiatives outlined in the1998 Federal Financial Management Status Report and FiveYear Plan .
I ordered Better Sexual Techniques , Advanced Sexual Techniques , Making Sex Fun , and Advanced Oral Sex Techniques -LRB- priced about $ 11 .
DOD 's common practice for managing this environment has been to create aggressive risk reduction efforts in its programs .
Simmons , probably rap 's greatest entrepreneur , lives in New York ; schmoozes bankers , fashion designers , and record executives ; and cuts deals with conglomerates such as Time Warner .
because i always had to do it and so i just pay someone else to do it and they do the they do the cutting they fertilize they um edge and um i think this year i 'm going to have some landscaping put in
And she came to you ?
Closed on the Sabbath .
Czesiek had suitable experience in the matter .
IRS Restructuring and Reform Act , its budget requests , and administration of various tax
Some are reported as not having been wanted at all .
In the 19th century , when Kashmir was the most exotic hill-station of them all , the maharaja forbade the British to buy land there , so they then hit on the brilliant alternative of building luxuriously appointed houseboats moored on the lakes near Srinagar .
plus i like to dance you know
As a professional courtesy , GAO will inform requesters of substantive media inquiries during an ongoing assignment .
yes yeah yeah well it it that 's right and it
In an atmosphere of economic crisis stagnant productivity , bank closures , and rising unemployment conservatives wanted somebody tougher , more dynamic than eternally compromising old-style politicians .
an d now we got the governor she 's going to do that
The movie is n't clear on where the secret report that kicked off Bergman 's interest in tobacco came from , or who in the FDA thought it was a good idea to turn him onto Wigand .
Despite all the hoopla over a pro-choice advocate 's confession that he had lied about the circumstances under which the procedure is generally used , only five lawmakers switched their votes from no to yes .
Concurrent with downsizing , procurement regulations have been modified to allow agencies greater flexibility and choice in selecting contracting methods for acquiring facilities .
Each room was outfitted with a leather sofa and three fold-out beds for students exhausted after a full day of hard work .
They consolidated programs to increase efficiency and deploy resources more effectively
The director , Michael Mann , has never tried to tell a story as complex -LRB- or nonviolent -RRB- as The Insider , and he and his co-screenwriter , Eric Roth , do n't shape their narrative very satisfyingly .
so i like music i like listening to music so i do n't usually listen to KCBI and then there 's another one called Journey that 's somewhere in between the two of those it 's in between ninety and ninety four
but it but again it depends on what job you 're in the men that are out there fixing power lines are tested a lot
Market Street is home to the Edinburgh CityArt Gallery , showcasing the work of up-and-coming artists .
huh no i have n't attempted that i 'm satisfied with what we have right now and we do have a gas credit card and we use that
is that what you ended up going into
He says men are here .
Do n't mean the police , but the people that are right in it .
The recommendation comes from the court 's Task Force on Civil Equal Justice Funding , created in 2001 to look for ways to cope with the sparse amount of money available for such cases .
yeah well i i started uh studying mathematics basically because i was really good at that in high school
but i 've lived up here all my life and i 'm fifty eight years old so i i could
Continue along the Quai Saint-Nicolas to the Mus ?? e Alsacien at num?ber 23 , a group of 16th - and 17th-century houses appropriate to the colorful collections of Alsatian folklore .
The management of the cafe has established the rules for the use of their facility .
And two - the personal pronoun problems were going to get serious .
George W. Bush and Bill Bradley are not talking about individual holders of wealth .
First , we can acknowledge , and maybe even do something about , some of the disaffecting fallout from globalization , such as pollution and cultural dislocation .
On the days I go to my office , I wear a flannel shirt with no necktie if the weather is cool .
Dublin has international restaurants galore , and the New Irish Cuisine is built upon fresh products of Ireland 's seas , rivers , and farms .
Cirque du Soleil 's The latest from the acclaimed international troupe , O dazzles in an aquatic environment that utilizes 1.5 million gallons -LRB- 6.8 million liters -RRB- of water .
A Newsday story on this incident reports that , Toobin said through a Random House spokesman ...
Small towns like Louisian lay scattered all over the Oil Fields ; the main train line branched between them .
so that 's that 's one of your priorities there 's got to be air has to be an automatic
If you are keen to learn Israeli folk dancing , the Bicurei Ha'etim Cellar in Heftman Street will teach you .
As the budgets , functions , and points of service of many government programs devolve to state and local government , private entities and nonprofit organizations , and other third parties , it may become harder for GAO to obtain the records it needs to complete audits and evaluations .
well it 's a pleasure talking with you
At the time of publication , this document , along with other publications pertaining to information security , was available on NIST 's Computer Security Resource Clearinghouse internet page at / / csrc.nist.gov / publications.html .
The street ends at Taksim Square -LRB- Taksim Meydane -RRB- , the heart of modern Istanbul , lined with luxurious five-star hotels and the glass-fronted Ataturk Cultural Centre -LRB- Ataturk Keleter Sarayy -RRB- , also called the Opera House .
He 'd gone a long way on what he 'd found in one elementary book .
His failure will endure .
cook and then the next time it would be my turn and i 'd try to outdo him and then he 'd try to outdo me and we we was really a lot of fun and
1 -RRB- Increased federal enforcement . Before Hoover 's death , the FBI did not aggressively investigate the Mafia .
Disney CEO Eisner , who 's actually underrated as a pop-culture maven -LRB- he was responsible for Happy Days and Welcome Back , Kotter -RRB- , insists that ABC 's downturn is cyclical and that it will soon return to life .
If there was a bit of Fuller in Leonardo , there was also a bit of Liberace in this theatrical , high-living dandy who favored brocade doublets and bad boys with pretty faces .
you can get a hard copy of it and that 's about it
Working for Philip Morris is n't like defending an indigent murderer in a death penalty appeal .
okay i guess we 're on
but you 're without a paycheck during that time and i do n't at least that 's my understanding is even you know the first time you go for counseling and it 's six weeks before you 're back to work
hi Mary have you gone visiting uh any new restaurants lately
Duke William returned from his conquest of England to attend the consecration of Notre-Dame in 1067 .
oh older ones too i know a few of those
In this respect , bringing Steve Jobs back to save Apple is like bringing Gen.
The campaigns seem to reach a new pool of contributors .
The tomb of Job Charnock , the Company official who founded the city of Caletta , is in the church cemetery .
To places where surface transportation is not available , senders would be required to pay air rates , and possibly air rates keyed to the characteristics of the Alaskan air system .
So have I for that matter , but I flatter myself that my choice of dishes was more judicious than yours .
Watergate remains for many an unhealed wound , and Clinton 's critics delight in needling him with Watergate comparisons -- whether to Whitewater or Flytrap .
His family had lost a son and a daughter now .
Control activities occur at all levels and functions of the entity .
so i have to find a way to supplement that
oh i 'll bet they did
Emissions will be cut from current emissions of 48 tons to a cap of 26 tons in 2010 , and
The movie does n't come to much , though .
But even managers who try to stay alert to these forces often gather their information anecdotally or informally .
The great breathtaking Italian adventure remains the road .
The story of the technology business gets spiced up because the reality is so bland .
Most of Slate will not be published next week , the third and last of our traditional summer weeks off .
8 A stoichiometry of 1.03 is typical when the FGD process is producing gypsum by-product , while a stoichiometry of 1.05 is needed to produce waste suitable for a landfill .
Ah , triple pig !
maybe adult literacy maybe you know composition writing maybe you know uh volunteering you know on a tutor line or though the even through the elementary schools for help with homework or the other part of me says is God i 've had enough kids do i really
yep because it 's when it 's self propelled it 's heavy yeah
The Praya , the promenade in front of the ferry pier , is a good place to observe the many junks and fishing boats in the harbor .
Ah , ma foi , no ! replied Poirot frankly .
Some Kwanzaa rituals , most notably the focus on candles , seem to have been borrowed from Hanukkah .
The bridge would work for a very short time but the stream is n't a clear defense .
i i have some feelings about it in the sense that i feel if a person is guilty beyond a reasonable doubt and it 's a really heinous crime i feel like the Bible says an eye for an eye
The world ripped apart around them replaced with a world of fear and blood and fire .
In few other modern cities are you likely to see such a variety of costumes .
Oh , sorry , wrong church .
Local boy Gates wisely built his 45,000-square-foot castle in suburban Seattle .
The m ?? tro -LRB- subway -RRB- is the fastest way to move around the city , but the buses , both in the capital and the other big towns , are best for taking in the sights .
Audit committees should not only oversee both internal and external auditors , but also be proactively involved in understanding issues related to the complexity of the business , and , when appropriate , challenge management through discussion of choices regarding complex accounting , financial reporting , and auditing issues .
And there was me .
He was standing in front of a grey backdrop - somewhere that could be anywhere .
I had an additional reason for that belief in the fact that all the cups found contained sugar , which Mademoiselle Cynthia never took in her coffee .
did you see it
Stale macho jokes and formulaic cliffhangers drive this chase-by-numbers thriller on the bumpy road to nowhere -LRB- Holden , the New York Times -RRB- .
His politeness sounded strange coming from a desert nomad .
The anthropologist Napoleon Chagnon has shown that Yanomamo men who have killed other men have more wives and more offspring than average guys .
away from the children
The collection and indeed the building itself is not huge or overbearing , allowing visitors to relax and enjoy the art perhaps more than is possible in such massive galleries as the Louvre or Rijksmuseum .
Hamon said the proposed bill has attracted a number of co-sponsors , and Legal Aid backers are hoping to get it passed in the upcoming legislative session .
Saint-Th ?? gonnec is an outstanding example , its triumphal arch setting the tone for the majestic calvary of 1610 .
But of course , that 's just another way of saying that liberal democracy -- a value Huntington surely ranks above the alternatives morally -- may never fit some peoples as naturally as it fits us .
So is the salt , drying in the huge , square pans at Las Salinas in the south .
High Crimes is painfully shoddy , even for a book rushed to press .
and uh my daughter gets irate when i when i do that because you know she 's a teenager
oh you know i like what i 'm doing right now
Also in Eustace Street is an information office and a cultural center for children , The Ark .
The Illinois Equal Justice Foundation has recently made its first grants from money appropriated by the Illinois General Assembly .
He sat a short distance from them , his eyes on Jon .
Arawak peoples migrated to various Caribbean islands , arriving in Jamaica by the beginning of the eighth century .
He seemed to have aged a thousand years .
It might not stop them completely but it would slow them the first night .
Sometimes it flattens entire neighbourhoods to make life easier for them .
and ancient coins
At least they 're getting stoned first , I rationalized .
oh of course
At 60 cents , it 's a bargain !
The party 's broad aims were to support capitalist policies and to continue close ties with Britain and the rest of the Commonwealth .
Tuppence rose .
Several security managers said that by participating in our study , they hoped to gain insights on how to improve their information security programs .
oh sure sure right um-hum right
Two aromatic aniseed drinks are also produced locally .
Governed by the great bendahara Mutahir with more diplomacy than military force , the sultanate asserted its supremacy over the whole Malay peninsula -LRB- except for the northernmost Thai-held Patani region -RRB- and across the Melaka Straits to the east coast of Sumatra .
They 're both excited about it ...
Not yourself .
Once they know their Social Security benefits promised under current law , workers can calculate how much they can expect from employer-sponsored pension plans and how much they need to save on their own for retirement .
The credibility of the United States working with its European partners in NATO is on the line .
the only problem is it 's not large enough it only holds about i think they squeezed when Ryan struck out his five thousandth player they they squeezed about forty thousand people in there
uh i do n't know i i have mixed emotions about him uh sometimes i like him but at the same times i love to see somebody beat him
The following are examples of how agencies engaged employee unions .
Always check with drivers and hotel employees to determine if road conditions are good before you depart .
The Palace of Jahangir is built around a square court with arches .
From his second sight Jon saw San ` doro grappling with a much larger man .
The key question may be not what Hillary knew but when she knew it .
at least i 'm going to give it a try cause you can see i mean the oil filters i mean you can touch it it 's right there
These adaptations are not uniformly valued .
um-hum yeah we 're still pretty much you know in winter as far as that goes here
yeah it 's true it is in in fact i have a friend of mine that moved to North Carolina she 's um an emergency room nurse she does the operating room
Finally , the Administration strongly opposes including reductions for CO2 in S. 556 or any multi-pollutant bill .
` Of course . '
I found her leaning against the bannisters , deadly pale .
1 Lower and upper PMSD bounds were determined from the 10th and 90th percentile , respectively , of PMSD data from EPA 's WET Interlaboratory Variability Study -LRB- USEPA , 2001a ; USEPA , 2001b -RRB- .
The technical how-tos for these three strategies will be summarized later in this paper .
uh it 's in Georgia it 's yeah it 's right outside of Macon and and it 's just a i like the way that i like the way that idea of the south is
I 'm not sentimental , you know . '' She paused .
That drawer was an unlocked one , as he had pointed out , and he submitted that there was no evidence to prove that it was the prisoner who had concealed the poison there .
that 's true i did n't think about that
It features over 50 outlets for discounted designer fashions , from Armani to DKNY .
Punditus Interruptus , The Final
exercise is not supposed to do that to you
Tuppence frowned .
There are no gods here now , said the voice of the monster in front of them .
Their goals remain influential as India approaches the new millennium while it continues to modernize its industry and increase its agricultural output .
SSA is also seeking statutory authority for additional tools to recover current overpayments .
There are slave irons , traditional island costumes , and an interesting French map of 1778 showing the theatre de la guerre -LRB- theater of war -RRB- between the Americans and the British .
Perhaps we should prepare a militia .
Sadly , vandals removed all the tomb 's spectacular treasures , but they did leave the gentle beauty of rose and poppies in rich inlaid stones of onyx , green chrysolite , carnelian , and variegated agate .
I understand , mademoiselle , I understand all you feel .
And yet , we still lack a set of global accounting and reporting standards that reflects the globalization of economies , enterprises , and markets .
Growth continued for ten years , and by 1915 the town had telephones , round-the-clock electricity , and a growing population many of whom worked in the railroad repair shop .
does does that make since to you
There are also ferries to Discovery Bay .
Local residents will tell you where to find them .
` Pardon me for saying so , but I really do n't think this is the time for an entree , ' I said .
The lucrative tin mines of Kuala Lumpur in the State of Selangor , of Sungai Ujong in Negeri Sembilan , and of Larut and Taiping in Perak were run for the Malay rulers by Chinese managers providing coolie labor .
oh yes how well i know i was laid off last year but i was i was lucky because i was one of the first groups to go
Dinghies are available for hire from the marinas at Tel Aviv , Jaffa , Akko , Netanya , and Nahariya .
But when the cushion is spent in a year or two , or when the next recession arrives , the disintermediating voters will find themselves playing the roles of budget analysts and tax wonks .
` Publicity . ' Lincoln removed his great hat , making a small show of dusting it off .
so we 've been out here well really in the house since December and we 've been uh planting flowers that we could never plant in San Antonio uh
and the other thing is the cost it 's almost prohibitive to bring it to a dealer
In other cases , we must rely on survey approaches to estimate WTP , usually through a variant of the contingent valuation approach , which generally involves directly questioning respondents for their WTP in hypothetical market situations .
once you have something and it 's like i was watching this program on TV yesterday in nineteen seventy six NASA came up with Three D graphics right
Hindus then went on the rampage through Sikh communities , resulting in a round of communal violence .
As a counterweight to the Singapore Chinese , he would bring in the North Borneo states of Sabah and Sarawak , granting them special privileges for their indigenous populations and funds for the development of their backward economies .
Expenses included in calculating net cost for education and training programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity shall be reported as investments in human capital as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units .
Many restaurants and bars have live music .
The ITC has enlisted legal services attorneys from across the state to manage each of the 12 categories , and those volunteers will organize contributions and add them to a searchable database .
In the ancestral environment a man would be likely to have more offspring if he got his pick of the most fertile-seeming women .
in you know just dealing with the customer maybe that 's there only reason why they do n't it 'd seem like they 'd just put a little barrel out there and say it pour here and go on we 'll take your money
Revenue is recognized from forfeited property unless the property is distributed to state or local law enforcement agencies or foreign
The sunlight , piercing through the branches , turned the auburn of her hair to quivering gold .
In fact , the Flamingo would launch over two decades of strong mob presence in Las Vegas .
Or to judge by the Failing to nurse at night can lead to painful engorgement or even breast infection .
Your man would n't have remained conscious after the first blow .
i do n't know what kind of a summer we 're expecting this year i imagine it 's going to be hot again
With most plants needing to install control equipment to meet these requirements , it is likely that this approach would lead to installation of controls that become obsolete and stranded capital investments as additional requirements are promulgated .
OMB issued the guidance in Memorandum M0010 , dated April 25 , 2000 .
oh really i was um i was TDY at Bent Waters
The rain had stopped , but the green glow painted everything around them .
To reach Old Cairo take the Nile River Bus from the jetty near the Ramses Hilton hotel ; it will drop you at the terminus of Masr El-Qadeema ; or take the Cairo metro line 1 to Mari Girgis Station .
i do n't know she said they go crazy
Little is recorded about this group , but they were probably the ancestors of the Gododdin , whose feats are told in a seventh-century Old Welsh manuscript .
These aliens may seek legal assistance at any time during the year , although limited English ability and lack of knowledge of rights and procedures may provide obstacles to seeking and obtaining representation .
Though the two cities remained unlinked by rail , this was about to change quickly .
To the south , the former fishing villages of Sorrento and Positano spill down the craggy cliffs of the serpentine Amalfi coast , justifiably tauted as one of the world 's most beautiful drives .
You have to have good peripheral vision and you have to really concentrate .
Fruit , vegetables , electronics , and a little bit of everything else is on sale here .
the the Iranian borders are still open uh from what i understand understand um
He watched San ` doro silent in his thoughts .
In fact , the Lions of Delos were made from Naxos marble .
Chapter 1 : His real name was Leonard Franklin Slye .
As Ben Yagoda writes in the New York Times Book Review , somewhere along the way , Kidder must have decided not to write a book about Tommy O'Connor .
He thought the biggest barrier was how to change the culture in the ED so that staff would ask screening questions .
Challenges to Restore Public Confidence in
right oh they 've really done uh good job of keeping everybody informed of what 's going on sometimes i 've wondered if it was n't almost more than we needed to know
As Jon looked at him , Barnam puffed out his chest .
Workers are also represented in civil rights and retaliation claims .
California is high
Rep. Charles Rangel , D-N.Y. : I would say that if you had members of the KKK , that were not directly tied to the murder -- that they did not do the murder -- that 90 years -LSB- in jail -RSB- would be excessive .
I must n't keep you .
These runs could cost far more than the value of the small improvement in service .
In fact , European nations need to do some serious fiscal housecleaning .
Another unit was added on to the communal dwelling each time a marriage created a new family .
To the west of the city at Hillend is Midlothian Ski Centre , the longest artificial ski slope in Europe .
i 'm kind of familiar with the weather out that way in west Texas but not in not in Lewisville
GAO secures all information obtained during the course of its work .
Look here , I said , `` I may be altogether wrong .
In some cases , members initially participated because of an existing trust relationship with individual leaders or sponsors , and it was a challenge to keep them returning until they saw value in participating and had built trust with other members .
The arched gateway leads to a large swimming pool and the ruins of a Roman and Byzantine baths complex .
The Cooper Building forms the heart of L.A. 's Garment District , which is located southeast of central Downtown on Los Angeles Street .
On a scale of 0 -LRB- strongly disagree -RRB- to 7 -LRB- strongly agree -RRB- the statement alcoholics are difficult to treat received a mean score of 6.25 , and the statement alcoholism is a treat-able disease received a mean score of 5.27 .
actually i listened to one time i remember it 's this is back when rap even uh i would say about ten or fifteen years ago i
The cold air and the abundance of water gave them all good cheer that eve .
Like Arabs and Jews , Diamond warns , Koreans and Japanese are joined by blood yet locked in traditional enmity .
yeah yeah yeah well because that 's the way they they might seem outwardly but boy there 's a lots going on in there
It 's all right .
It 's come back ? cried Julius excitedly .
He slowed .
Perched on a steep slope , high in the Galilean hills , Safed -LRB- known also as Tzfat , Tsfat , Sefat , and Zefat -RRB- is a delightful village-town of some 22,000 people .
Punditus Interruptus , The Final
There were maybe three hundred people present .
The Saver-Spender Theory of Fiscal Policy , Working Paper 7571 .
At the delta of the Rh ?? ne , where its two arms spill into the Medi?ter?ra?nean , the Camargue has been reclaimed from the sea to form a national nature reserve .
That first glimpse of the towering , steepled abbey rising from the sea on its rock is a moment you will not forget .
Using teams can also assist in integrating different perspectives , flattening organizational structure , and streamlining operations .
Jon shifted and the sword tip slid past .
Bars with views and live music include Sky Lounge in the Sheraton Hotel and Towers , Tsim Sha Tsui ; and Cyrano in the Island Shangri-La in Pacific Place .
Piccadilly Tube station .
The narthex , or entrance hall to the nave , is crowned by a magnificent sculpted tympanum of Jesus enthroned after the Resurrection , preaching his message to the Apostles .
Sun Ra 's spaceships did not come , as it were , out of nowhere .
Clearly , the press has done a lousy job with its focus on behavior such as infidelity or drug use that most people do n't care about .
Now then , Miss Tuppence , said Sir James , `` you know this place better than I do .
yeah but uh do you have small kids
Yet , in the mouths of the white townsfolk of Salisbury , N.C. , it sounds convincing .
Madam Regent attended church and the mission schools -LRB- which you can still visit in Honolulu -RRB- and burned images of the old Hawaiian gods , while Kamehameha II entertained lavishly in the company of his wives .
NOx can be transported long distances and contribute to ozone many hundreds of miles from its source .
The tomb guardian will unlock the gate to the tunnel and give you a candle to explore the small circular catacomb , but for what little you can see , it is hardly worth the effort .
South Along the Caribbean
Republican consultants agree that conservative candidates in the South , Southwest , Midwest , and Rocky Mountains will beg for Reed 's talents and connections .
yeah i think they get bogged down in a lot of small issues that people you know special interest groups can blow up
After the death of Columbus in 1505 , Jamaica became the property of his son Diego , who dispatched Don Juan de Esquivel to the island as Governor .
As the road climbs toward the entrance , you 'll pass fields full of Santorini 's famed tomatoes growing on the steep slopes .
Do you know how long we 've been here ? he asked one morning as they sat facing each other at breakfast .
The Aegean has a short , wet spring when walking , hiking , and mountain biking are extremely enjoyable activities , because the weather is pleasant but not too hot .
Several of the individuals and organizations that we contacted also suggested that agencies move to a more consistent organization , content , and presentation of information to allow for a more common look and feel to agencies ' ITbased public participation mechanisms in rulemaking .
that does n't seem fair does it
When the next modernist revolution comes around , he 'll be ready .
The CEO and CFO 's vision was to make Pfizer the preeminent corporate finance organization in the industry .
All these sites will automatically lead into George Dubbawya 's Web site -LRB- www.georgewbush.com -RRB- .
Impossible .
Jerusalem was divided into east and west , under the control of Jordan and Israel respectively .
From there , take the road that heads back to the coast and Es Pujols , Formentera 's premier resort village .
Tommy was suddenly galvanized into life .
We briefly discussed the Nazi angle
Two clues in the Pennsylvania 1 -RRB- The boy had said , I 'm going to go to the dinner dance and kill some people .
Well aware of the island 's burgeoning wealth and repository of supplies , the French pirate Bertrand de Montluc sailed into Funchal harbor with his 11-galleon armada and 1,300 men .
The next year , he built himself a palace , Iolani , which can still be toured in Honolulu .
Technological advances generally come in waves that crest and eventually subside .
In the other bracket , the Broncos beat the New York Jets .
If all else failed , I could always make myself an exhibit .
In other words , the paper exhibited the all-too-typical journalistic tic of exposing potential conflicts of interest involving politicians while ignoring those involving journalists .
Marriage is an important institution .
Come on , let 's have tea .
oh that sounds interesting too
You 're all right now .
A conventional siege was useless against such a seemingly impregnable rock , however , and with so much food and water the Zealots could not be starved into submission .
i tell you what i would not i would not buy a car that had the seat belt where it was hooked under the door
The Romans never really infiltrated Ibiza , and even after the defeat of Hannibal in 202 b.c. during the Second Punic War their influence was restrained .
It describes six applications of case study methods , including the purposes and pitfalls of each , and explains similarities and differences among the six .
GAO 's recommendations are intended to improve the economy , efficiency , and effectiveness of an agency 's operations and to improve the accountability of the federal government for the benefit of the American people .
The Ile Saint-Louis is an enchanted self-contained island of gracious living , long popular with the more affluent gentry and celebrities of Paris .
I found Steven E. Landsburg 's piece Pay Scales in Black and White extremely unconvincing .
The Drawing Room was partially destroyed by fire in 1941 , and its furnishings are faithful reproductions ; the huge -LRB- repaired -RRB- Ming punch bowl is striking .
Total electricity expenditures increase by about 15 % to 30 % depending on the year and the scenario -LRB- see Table 3 , below , and the tables in Appendix 5.2 for more detail on the changing pattern of expenditures -RRB- .
A 1997 Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation survey found that Americans in managed care plans are basically content with their own care .
Also , why Princess Di was like President The public cared more about her empathy than about her actions .
5 The share of gross national saving used to replace depreciated capital has increased over the past 40 years .
My article does not say or imply that real earnings growth only reflects retentions and that dividend growth must be zero or that all valuation techniques are out the window for firms that do n't pay dividends .
Then he ran .
To some critics , the mystery is n't , as Harris suggests , how women throughout history have exploited their sexual power over men , but how pimps like him have come away with the profit .
Hold hard , said Tommy .
Lavishly furnished and decorated , with much original period furniture , the rooms are used for ceremonial events , visits from foreign dignitaries , and EU meetings .
` So I assume he hacked into the autopilot and reprogrammed it to - '
Sculpture and stone carving are perfectly modified to the harmonies of the design ; the four columns at the corners are hollow to carry water off the roof , and the urns on roof are disguised chimneys .
you do n't think it 's a deterrent
The rustic Bras-David picnic area , for example , is set alongside a burbling stream .
We 're no nearer to finding Tuppence , and NEXT SUNDAY IS THE 29TH ! ''
i mean i 'm i 'm sort of strange in a way i 'm i 'm about twenty pounds overweight and i smoke but my blood pressure is about my last reading was just the other day it was one hundred two over seventy nine
It is one of those rare cases in which I can please everyone .
The Tunnel of Eupalinos can be explored but it 's not for the claustrophobic .
The equipment you need for windsurfing can be hired from the beaches at Tel Aviv -LRB- marina -RRB- , Netanya , Haifa -LRB- at Bat Galim beach -RRB- , Tiberias , and Eilat .
But overinterpretation or even misinterpretation are not the same as bias .
After the execution of Guru Tegh Bahadur , his son , Guru Gobind Singh , exalted the faithful to be ever ready for armed defense .
The tree-lined avenue extends less than three blocks to the sea .
Growth & amp
Among the disadvantages are that the degree of innovation and product differentiation might continue to be limited .
I smiled vaguely .
Many Greeks in Asia Minor were forced to leave their homes and brought an influence of eastern cadences with them .
Good Oklahoma now has a Public Guardianship Program , albeit unfunded , that will supply lawyers to perform this rights-monitoring process
Table 4.1 : Selected Federal Income Tax Provisions That Influence Personal Saving
The man looked at the girl .
The author began with a set of hunches or hypotheses about what can go wrong in agency management , and what would be evidence supporting-or contradicting-these hypotheses .
It has a full program of events , including lectures .
they do n't allow they do n't do that
In addition , special service areas are funded for two populations with special needs - Native Americans and migrant workers .
There 214 was some talk of sending me to a specialist in Paris .
Improvements in architecture , regaining intimate space and scale and all the rest , wo n't disguise the ugliness of advertising the local bank , Chevy dealer , and chain retailer as a backdrop for baseball .
is n't it i can remember i 've only been here eight years but i can remember coming to work from i used to live in Wylie and i could see downtown Dallas
For a review of the literature , see William G. Gale and John Sabelhaus , Perspectives on the Household Saving Rate , Brookings Papers on Economic Activity -LRB- 1:1999 -RRB- , pp. 181-224 .
And then I was off , the world exploding behind me .
The analyses comply with the informational requirements of the sections including the classes of small entities subject to the rule and alternatives considered to reduce the burden on the small entities .
um-hum um-hum um-hum yeah yeah it is i do n't know i think it 's a very interesting um discussion you know and and there 's certainly uh lots of pros and cons around it
-LRB- The employee was later rehired , and Bob denies the charge . -RRB-
The third row of Exhibit 17 shows the Krewski , et al. .
saving that did not finance domestic investment would increase net foreign investment and improve the current account balance .
Alternatively , there are Sousa and Goncalves -LRB- Rua do Castanheiro , 47 -RRB- and Unibasket -LRB- Rua do Carmo , 42 ; Tel. 291/226 925 -RRB- , both in Funchal .
The herds give a sense of proportion to the vast openness , just as the scattered farmhouses and characteristic drystone walls add reassuring warmth to even the loneliest valley .
The FCC has created two tiers of small business for this service with the approval of the SBA .
yeah well that 's my uh i mean every time i 've tried to go you know it 's always there 's there 's always a league bowling
She People are rarely indifferent to the magazines I 've put out .
In a six-year study , scientists fed dogs and other animals irradiated chicken and found no evidence of increased cancer or other toxic effects .
A stable funding level not only supports GAO 's strong return on investment of $ 57 for every $ 1 spent , it creates the environment necessary to recruit , retain , compensate , train and motivate a strong and capable workforce .
A lot of people rely on their local government for protection .
In Texas , the legislature was instrumental in effecting changes to the state 's benefit programs through provisions in several pieces of legislation .
yeah although i do worry that how easy this one was might be a bad lesson uh to the to the younger people um you know than there is the other generation
This is an excerpt from the voice-over credo read in the opening credits for the new UPN series Star Pitiful Helpless Giant , starring former Secretary of State George Shultz .
The more popular offerings include kuru fasulye -LRB- haricot beans in tomato sauce -RRB- , patlecan kizartmas -LRB- aubergine fried in olive oil and garlic -RRB- , and a range of salads .
This makes it incumbent on the government to create incentives to recruit new employees and retain older employees .
If she did n't like her restaurant so much , the woman 'd be high-up in Applied by now .
Improved products and services Initiate actions and manage risks to develop new products and services within or outside the organization .
The Commission 's analysis uses both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities .
Pro-choicers point out that these close-up images literally cut the fetus 's context -- the woman -- out of the picture .
oh yes yeah yeah yeah that 's true too that 's true
Small boats tie up here with batches of crayfish , fresh fish , and eel , and housewives clamor for the fishermen to weigh their choices on rudimentary scales .
You will need-all of you will need-to be highly visible personally and professionally .
You 'll find galleries in all the major towns and in some of the smaller villages .
but uh i 've always enjoyed uh the train and you know fooling with it and all
How did you get it ? '' A chair was overturned .
5 are highly correlated during summer months in some areas .
oh really yeah i 've i 've never seen either one of them
Still , commercial calculation is n't sufficient to explain his stand .
When Mr. Hastings and Mr. Lawrence came in yesterday evening , they found your mistress busy writing letters .
And if , as ultimately happened , no settlement resulted , we could shrug our shoulders , say , ` Hey , we tried , ' and act like unsuccessful brokers to an honorable peace .
Sixty percent of Americans are frustrated and angry with the health-care system , and 70 percent favor federal intervention .
pretty good newspaper uh-huh
In Loco Parentis Returnus
The relatively small crowds mean that fans sit close to the action .
Good spots for blues are Harvelle 's Blues Club in Santa Monica , Jack 's Sugar Shack in Hollywood , and the House of Blues in West Hollywood .
The state legislature provides significant bipartisan support for the legal services delivery system .
The Data Warehousing Institute provides education and training in the data warehousing and business intelligence industry .
All were prominent nationally known organizations .
and once we came here it was like gosh i just miss that because it really is exciting to be around people of different
right just get you away from the everyday things that are going on we when the children were smaller we used to go to uh Delaware along the ocean ocean most every year and that was fun we stayed mostly in state parks and uh we really enjoyed that
that they do n't show local
Steps are initiated to allow program board membership to reflect the clienteligible community and include representatives from the funding community , corporations and other partners .
Nonetheless , the rationality of service tiers remains .
Justice Kennedy does not care what law librarians across the country do with all the Supreme Court Reporters from 1790 through 1998 .
you know Arnold Schwarzenegger is getting to be uh a bit of a variety actor you know at first he was just a big muscle man but he 's kind of branching out
Beyond the facade there are cavernous empty rooms .
you know getting clothes and stuff every once in awhile exactly
Too bad it chose to use McIntyre instead .
so i 'll probably say you know it 's like well we 've been talking for five six minutes so okay
In the USPS view of the world , institutional costs are a larger share of total costs and fewer costs can be expected to be shed , if and when , say , transaction mail leaves the system .
And Doctor Perennial just stood there and when the evil drill sergeant woke up in him once again , he received an SMs .
Some predict the jokes will wear thin soon , while others call it definitively depraved -LRB- Tom Shales , the Washington Post -RRB- . -LRB- Download a clip from South Park here . -RRB-
yeah and i 'll do this uh sometimes i 'll put my after I pour that into my back into my saucepan i 'll put the eggs in the same dish and beat them up and then pour the cornstarch and the milk mixture in the egg so
But you would not trust me . ''
So let me draw a slightly different moral from the saga of beach volleyball as it has evolved in our If , as Speaker Gingrich says , the price of volleyball is eternal freedom , still it may take a village to raise a volleyball net .
yeah that 's where i got to too the first i got chills up and down when i heard the on the radio and the first time they started doing the bombing
explanations , and to corroborate findings .
um-hum with the ice yeah
Since there is no airport on the island , all visitors must arrive at the port , Skala , where most of the hotels are located and all commercial activity is carried out .
The house fell into ruin after emancipation , when fear of the witch 's influence drove the plantation 's slaves away .
i do n't know um-hum
You 'll even be able to consult a traditional herbalist to cure your ailments .
Despite a recent renovation , the Meadows Mall is the least appealing of the three suburban malls .
There were beads of perspiration on his brow .
and when they get out they should have uh i do n't know you know some reasonable amount of money
Recently , however , I have settled down and become decidedly less experimental .
I entered her shack , opening the painted door covered in runes of warding .
Release 2.0 : A Design for Living in the Digital Age , by Esther Dyson -LRB- Broadway Books -RRB- .
yeah then you do n't have you do n't have that mess to clean up when you use an oil oil base painting and boy i 'll tell you oh
You can eat and shop in and around the once-magnificent and heavily fortified Crusader city , with its enormous ramparts and cathedral .
The living is not equal to the Ritz , he observed with a sigh .
Closed on the Sabbath .
It may be that the best way to read this text in the years ahead will not be with a magnifying glass , but through the looking glass -- as a prism to discern what the political culture that produced Nixon shares with our own .
STANDARD COSTING - A costing method that attaches costs to cost objects based on reasonable estimates or cost studies and by means of budgeted rates rather than according to actual costs incurred .
MC2000-2 , was initially considered and recommended by the Commission under the market test rules .
You did , did n't you ? ''
Congress ' determination to make agencies accountable for their performance lay at the heart of two landmark reforms of the 1990 the Chief Financial Officers -LRB- CFO -RRB- Act of 1990 and the Government Performance and Results Act of 1993 -LRB- GPRA -RRB- .
yeah it 's a U S territory and it 's just we own it or
Thus , the imbalance in the volume of mail exchanged magnifies the effect of the relatively higher rates in these countries .
` You burned down my house . '
so i like music i like listening to music so i do n't usually listen to KCBI and then there 's another one called Journey that 's somewhere in between the two of those it 's in between ninety and ninety four
The most recent attraction at the pyramid complex is a small museum housing the remains of a solar barque -LRB- a cedar longboat -RRB- which was found in 1954 .
The White House denies this .
and it just depends on how bad that person is
The judge gave vent to a faint murmur of disapprobation , and the prisoner in the dock leant forward angrily .
Specifically , by defining mission improvement objectives , senior executives determine whether their organization needs a CIO who is a networking/marketing specialist , business change agent , operations specialist , policy/oversight manager , or any combination thereof .
To check this , the central bank has tripled interest rates and used hard currency reserves -LRB- now reduced to $ 10 billion in ready cash -RRB- to buy back rubles .
Alexander the Great , who passed through the city in 334 b.c. , paid for its completion ; five of the original 30 columns have been restored to their full height .
But anyway , never underestimate the power of hypocrisy .
A 1994 Roper Poll concluded that the NewsHour is perceived by the public as the most credible newscast in the country .
He seemed too self-assured .
GQ editor Art Cooper reportedly received two $ 1-million loans , one for a Manhattan apartment , the other for a Connecticut farm .
The questions may need to be tailored to
and uh i know what nothing is when i moved out there
i 'm on i 'm in the Plano school system and living in Richardson and there is a real dichotomy in terms of educational and economic background of the kids that are going to be attending this school
go up to state parks with six shelters and little screened in areas and then travel trailers and all the way up to conference center type campings that have uh you know air conditioning like hotels with uh
evaluation questions .
no no but you know i was just thinking of getting one those for the yard because they they are really nice and um up here we have uh we have quite a few mosquitoes at nighttime
I 've thought it well over ''
and once we came here it was like gosh i just miss that because it really is exciting to be around people of different
The oldest continually occupied settlement on the island is Kastro , where most of the buildings date from the 14th century and were laid out in a circular pattern atop a rocky outcrop 100 m -LRB- 300 ft -RRB- above the east coast .
An important part of U.S. diplomacy is getting sovereign states to work together voluntarily .
It 's conceivable that some of these allegations are true , and there 's no harm in checking them out , as long as the decedent 's family agrees to participate .
There are a number of these on Chatham Road South and around Cameron Street in Tsim Sha Tsui .
Thorn held a sword different from any Ca ` daan had ever seen .
i ripped the ligaments in my right ankle
but how do you know the good from the bad
I lay awake waiting until I judged it must be about two o'clock in the morning .
Chapter 1 provides general background information on emission control technologies .
The search for an AIDS vaccine currently needs serious help , with the U.S. government , the biggest investor in the effort , spending less than 10 percent of its AIDS-research budget on the problem .
It recalls William Randolph Hearst 's castle in Caleornia , with its imaginative juxtaposition of ancient Roman and Chinese sculpture , fine Venetian glass chandeliers , Syvres porcelain , old Flemish masters , and naughty French erotica .
No , indeed , said Cynthia .
The community courthouse will be held every second Tuesday of the month at Carver at 217 Paso Hondo .
uh somewhat they 're not my favorite team i am uh somewhat familiar with them
Outside the cathedral you will find a statue of John Knox with Bible in hand .
Today , nothing remains except the foundations .
um-hum yes i was amazed we spent the only time we played on our trip was in Douglas Arizona and uh that was just
With an area of just 541 sq km -LRB- 209 sq miles -RRB- , it is slightly smaller than the Isle of Man or twice Martha 's Vineyard in Massachusetts .
Lucy screamed , I 've got to know .
The word itself , tapa , is translated as lid and derives from the old custom of offering a bite of food along with a drink , the food being served on a saucer sitting on top of the glass like a lid .
and the wind started blowing and it was one of my earlier trips to be really out in the middle of
well in a way you can travel light
There is no tradition of clothes criticism that includes serious analysis , or even of costume criticism among theater , ballet , and opera critics , who do have an august writerly heritage .
Each one planting itself in the sides of Stark 's neck .
yeah and crawl through it
Hall said that Britain has enjoyed a half-century of pre-eminence in this field of endeavor and that this could now be destroyed .
Strategic human capital management must be at the center of this transformation effort .
There is .
i think that 's great there 's a few places in Houston where they 're trying that out i do n't know if it 's the if they 've done it citywide yet or not where they have the color coded uh bags and uh bins
right well the warmth that developed between them and again it i think was a picture of relationships
Around 1500 b.c. , a massive volcanic eruption at Santorini destroyed not only Akrotiri under feet of ash and pumice but the whole Minoan civilization .
She was quite young , not more than eighteen .
Where would he be today without American commercial know-how ?
It was stated that auditors frequently leave the profession early in their careers to join clients , and that over half of CPAs are not practicing public accounting .
A sufficiently clever system of taxes and subsidies can induce people to make accurate reports of their own emotional distress .
This explains the presence in Guangzhou of the Huaisheng Mosque , reputed to be China 's oldest , and traditionally dated a.d. 627 .
In manual systems , attestations , verifications , and approvals are usually shown by a signature or initial of an individual on a hard copy document .
Numbers began wafting about on the I 'd say at least five
There are many homes built into the hillsides ; some have been converted into art galleries and shops selling collectibles .
It means that they gather and interpret their material fairly and argue about its interpretations rationally .
you know it took away a lot of of time from them we did go out to you know to the places that you typically take children to and we had a lot of fun but it seems as though the time went by so fast that
oh really it would n't matter if we plant them when it was starting to get warmer
other side that 's a good idea
The information provided in this guide is current as of the date of this publication .
Second , reducing the rate of HIV transmission is in any event not the only social goal worth If it were , we 'd outlaw sex entirely .
Eighty percent of pagers in the United States were knocked out by a satellite malfunction in space .
i 'll listen and agree with what i think sounds right
