Two woman are holding packages .
Two kids in numbered jerseys wash their hands .
A man selling donuts to a customer .
boys play football
A man is wearing a blue shirt
A child is reaching to touch the propeller of a plane .
A woman is doing a cartwheel .
People are riding bikes .
boy in field
A person waits to be served his food .
A person in a suit
Two women are at a bar .
Doctors are performing surgery .
An animal is jumping to catch an object .
Kids ride an amusement ride .
The man wearing the black shirt plays a game of golf .
a guy laughs while doing laundry
An Indian woman is doing her laundry in a lake .
The man stumbles stumbles in rollerskates .
People watch another person do a trick .
An SUV and a man are going in opposite directions .
A person in a shirt
A man is wearing a white shirt
A man is singing into a microphone .
The woman and kids and sitting down .
A woman is making music .
Men are working on John Deere equipment
John Deere equipment is being worked on by two farmers
Boy dressed in blue holds a toy .
The woman is writing a note .
The baby is wet .
There is a party
A girl is on a swing
woman has a drink
A person sitting
There is a man inside a supermarket .
The man is sitting .
She is working with cloth
a person washes stairs
a worker cleans near the pool
A person is on a beach .
Children were looking at a bike .
The dogs are swimming among the boats .
A group of people are outside .
Men are standing on some steps near some water .
A bird flying .
In the middle east , a man sells corn-on-the-cob from a cart .
He is playing a song .
The man is wearing black .
A group of people walking down a road .
A woman is on the phone .
The young boy has a camera .
Five women sit at a table .
The person is performing .
There is a child in the grass .
There is a baseball game going on .
A man and woman are looking at produce .
The people are having a food fight .
People standing in line
A pair of people are talking outdoors .
Two people standing outside an ice cream stand .
A person is competing in a race .
The girl is having fun learning her letters .
The men are making something to eat .
A man wonders in the desert .
A woman is near a group of people .
There is a man running .
A lot of people walking outside a row of shops with a man with hands in his pockets .
a boy is barefooted
Children are at the beach .
Someone is helping bathe the small baby .
A woman sits outdoors .
A man walks the countryside .
A middle aged man is outdoors .
A player trying to score in a soccer game .
A man sits in a chair on the sidewalk in front of a huge display of brightly colored artwork
Child leaping into arms of a woman wearing swimsuit in a pool .
a guy is waxing
This picture is of two Asian men .
Two young asian men are squatting .
A man is giving a presentation .
A child is playing .
The guys have guns .
There are two men walking outside .
Men are walking in different directions .
The man is prepared for his photo .
A black late model station wagon is in the background .
A light black late model station wagon is in the background .
a boy looks at his farther
A boy is playing on an inflatable ride .
A man is at a car dealership .
A man is ouside near the beach .
A man is playing a musical instrument .
Three women are traveling by foot .
They expect a train to arrive eventually .
A man is smiling at a woman .
A person wearing white is running towards a ball that was kicked from another person .
There are people on the subway .
There are kids drawing .
The woman is singing .
Three elephants carry people through the water .
A turtle has a diver swimming with it .
There is a man and a boy outside .
A young boy and an airplane .
Indian people having a ritual
Two girls on a water slide .
A person is wearing a Coca Cola shirt .
A woman is outside .
A young girl faces the camera .
A boy is blowing bubbles .
The children played on the floor .
Three men are in a laboratory doing a scientific study .
the animal is running
Two friends sitting on step at their job .
Two women sitting on steps at their job .
A man is down a park
a man is wearing blue
Boys are standing
The four girls are attending the street festival .
There is a child with their foot in a garbage can near some other kids in a classroom .
There is a door .
A boy jumping through the air .
A man is sitting .
A man lays face down on a park bench .
A woman is taking care of her laundry .
The dog is playing with a ball .
The boy is sitting
The boy is outside .
Four males are sitting indoors .
the crew was having dinner
A woman is wearing strange clothing .
Two kids are looking in a store window .
Humans wearing clothes on the street .
The person is writing on the chalk board .
The car that belongs to the family is having issues .
The building is brick .
Two people are playing an instruments on stage .
The man is covering his neck
The man was walking .
Children go past their parents .
Children run past their parents .
Persons are involved in outdoor recreation .
Animals are near each other .
They are walking by the garden .
there is a man in a pool .
A fruit market is selling vegetables
A fruit market and a man
The dog is in the water .
A man jumps in the ocean .
A woman in black is jumping in the air with a red umbrella .
A girl is by herself on a sled .
A girl is sliding on a red sled .
The men are playing soccer .
A dog is in a grassy field filled with trees .
A man holding a drill stands next to a girl holding a vacuum hose .
The girls are indoors .
Three children are dressed in warm winter clothes .
Three children are dressed in winter clothes .
There is a person wearing pants .
A woman is brushing her hair .
There are people in a field .
There are only two people in the field .
The baby is dirty .
Two people are posing for a photograph .
A group of people are sitting on horses .
The women each have one head .
A man looking into a microscope in a lab
A man is heading to his house of worship .
An indian is on his way to worship .
There are multiple people present .
The man is having a meal .
a man is shaving
The man is with his dog .
Several women collaborate to hand out food .
The house has balconies .
The woman is outdoors .
A man is playing the violin .
Two people are near the water .
Two kids are outdoors .
People watching hot air balloons inflating .
The girl is wearing a hat .
A dog is licking his nose .
A man and woman are dancing together .
A brown dog is laying on the carpet with a green thing next to it .
The girl has brown hair .
A dog is in front of a waterfall .
The girl is touching her friend .
Two girls with long brown hair sit on the floor
A man is handing a plastic bag to a group of children .
There are many clouds in the blue sky .
Two people are exercising outside .
There is a man walking towards a camera .
There is more than one child .
The children are playing football .
A man is traveling on public transportation .
The man is walking .
Two people are looking at something .
There is a boy near a fountain .
A person walking away from a tent
The man is riding a bull .
A kid is wearing a life vest .
The two basketball players are conversating .
The man and woman are outdoors .
a man eating with a young boy on a city sidewalk
a girls lays next to dominos
A man holds two sleeping children .
people take pictures
These people are photographing a pig on the ground .
A woman shows her profile in front of a white luxury car .
A group is playing a song near some TVs .
There are three workers
A girl is playing with a Slinky .
A young man is pole vaulting .
people sit at a bar
The woman is touching the sign .
A police officer stands in front of a crowd .
with headphones on the girl used a computer
Child is outdoors .
A man is on a gurney
A person standing
there are children near the camera
The bed is dirty .
There is a person and food .
There are at least 2 women .
A couple is outside with their dog .
People are watching and playing a water polo match .
Kids are enjoying a game of water polo .
There is a person in this picture
Two people are running together in the stadium .
The man is cooking fish .
The quarterback is about to be tackled by the opposing team .
It is a cold day .
A cyclist is biking past spectators .
A young man is running .
The man looks at a binder .
People are outside .
A group of men are cleaning a shoe .
A woman is playing with a toddler .
There are men watching others prepare food
Others look while two men carve a babecued hog
Their hands are holding something
A woman is close to the water .
A boy is bowling .
A young blond girl is riding a bike .
The party boy is playing in a puddle .
Girl in red dividing colored tabs .
Two kids are dressed for a wedding .
A man is near a structure .
A girl is sitting on stone steps in a pink tank top with her boyfriend .
A woman cycling around in the park
A man with headphones on is standing in a subway .
A man listens to music while waiting for the train .
There is a baby in the picture .
Two people are ingesting alcohol .
Two men are wrestling on the floor .
sports team attempts to score
the player tries to score
A woman with a hat holding a poster .
A little girl in red .
A little girl in red plays tennis .
A boy is riding an animal .
A man is receiving a piece of paper .
Two dogs play in the grass .
A girl is playing .
A kid is swinging a toy golf club .
Two men sitting together .
Two men are doing martial arts .
A man is riding a horse
The woman is fishing .
The jumping lady in slacks also has her hand raised .
A man works with an anvil .
a woman holds a glass
A soldier hands a woman a picture .
A kid is playing the guitar .
People gather for an event .
The man is outside .
Something catches the eye of a man and girl
The woman is walking outside .
There is a man working on the railroad tracks .
A dog stands in sand near grass .
A group of people are participating in a protest .
Two people work inside .
The people are outside of the restaurant .
Spectators watching a performance .
The woman is outdoors .
The man is wearing a costume .
A bicyclist passes an esthetically beautiful building on a sunny day
A person in red and black near a wall .
The men are together .
The men are going up the stairs .
A couple sit on the couch
The brown dog jumps up and down .
Two guys having a conversation .
Someone is shooting a photo .
A local is playing an accordion .
Two people are near some bicycles .
The crowd watches a person take off his shirt .
Two dogs near a lake , while a person rides by on a horse .
The person is seated on a rock .
A child plays with a train set .
The childrens rugby teams , red versus green are playing in the rain .
The man and woman are physically touching each other .
There are five women close to each other .
A few little boys playing baseball outside .
A man is riding a bicycle .
two older men stand
Women playing a game of field hockey .
a goalie is doing his job as a goalie .
A woman is outside .
A man is on a street corner .
A man is playing a guitar on the sidewalk and singing .
A guy does stunts on a motorbike .
A women in black drinks .
The kids are together .
The young man gets ready for his overnight stay .
Two teams are following the movement of a basketball .
Girls ride ATVs .
A person in casual clothing is causing two others to be merry .
A girl is doing work in a classroom .
A person looking
A guy is participating in a wedding .
Three people are in a boat .
Children are getting hosed down on the grass
The man is doing tricks .
There are dogs playing together
The guy has on a suit smoking a cig and talking on the phone .
Two people run around a track .
The child is diving in the pool .
a man and woman with backpacks
A woman is standing at a podium .
A surfer catches a wave .
There is a man on the ground .
The girls hold paper
The photographer has a camera .
A man is outside .
A ballerina is teaching kids ballet .
People line up behind a one other person .
Children playing baseball .
People are sitting outside at night .
The girl is wearing a white dress .
An old man plays the violin on the sidewalk .
The woman are by grafitti .
A man is on his feet .
A guy is singing on stage along with the audience .
A hot-air balloon is being operated on .
There is a man by the river .
The baby is in the crib .
Three adults are talking in the playground .
A man does calligraphy .
Two girls are near the ice .
A group of people in front of a club .
A baby
A toddler slept
A man is with an animal .
There is a girl in a harness .
A dog with a ball .
Humans beings are ambling down a road .
A man is sitting down looking at something .
There is a woman wearing purple outside .
girls are on the sidewalk
There are muliple women outdoors .
A person looks at something
A person with long hair looks at the camera
The man is wearing a prophylactic on his head .
A woman is holding one young children with another standing next to her
People are outside climbing .
Kids are working on art .
Three people are stuffing their faces .
there is a couple
The dog is outside .
The man is going for a walk .
a young man is staring at a screen
A sleeping man .
A woman sings .
a man wearing jeans
A man practices in front of a drum set .
A mom and son enjoying a day
There is a soccer game with 12 players .
The kid is playing outside
Six children are putting on a clown show .
People are getting money from an ATM .
Someone is looking at a vehicle .
There are families playing in a fountain
a guy with a skateboard making a jump
There are soap bubbles being blown .
The dog is walking .
She checks her phone .
There are girls outdoors
A boy is next to a scooter .
People are outside .
Two guys are doing work on a dwelling .
A man and woman are sitting around Christmas presents .
A dog playing with a toy .
The coach knows how to play football .
A person is prepaing a meal during the day .
A group of women with flowers .
A girl is playing tennis .
A waitress is doing her job at the restaurant .
A pair of people play video games together on a couch .
2 people looking at one another
The group of people hold up a pole .
They are shopping .
A man is on a water vehicle .
Several people are walking on a street .
Men are outdoors .
A man is working on a machine .
Boy playing baseball .
A man is walking a herd of animals .
A child blows up balloons .
A bunch of people are gathered around a piece of furniture .
A small girl dances ballet .
a child was there
A man is at a concert .
Guy walks by bus .
A dune buggy drives over sand
Someone is holding oranges and walking
A dog plays ball .
three guys in suits
People are standing in a hallway .
The woman is practicing modeling .
A yellow duck being held by a girl .
Three people are wading in the water by the fountains .
a baby smiling
A girl is holding some orange flowers at a wedding .
Three policeman ride on bikes
Three policemen patrol the streets on bikes
The athletes are wrestling .
Two people sit in a floating tube .
A person surfs .
People are walking outside .
A person rides a motorcycle on the street .
The boy is using his hands to weave a rug .
There is a child smiling for a picture .
Some people 's are playing basketball in basketball court
Three people 's are playing basketball and holds and ball in their hands
A girl with her hands in a tub .
Two toddlers play on a pile of leaves .
A male is not sitting outside .
The dirt bike rider is riding a dirt bike .
A girl is outside .
a room with pictures
They are outside .
The front door is clear of trash .
People walking in the city
Two people are performing .
The people are inside .
A woman plays an acoustic guitar under a tree .
A person outside with a bike .
a person outside
Two men sitting near a woman .
Three kids are running .
There is an umbrella and a person on a beach .
There 's a dock
A man has black and white hair
The men are close to fire .
Two people converse at a table .
The people play pool
A man is making art .
There is a crowd
The man is being watched .
A pair of people are in the alleyway .
A biker races on the trail
The monks are dressed in their robes enjoying the big city .
A girl is in front of a window .
A man is holding a blanket outdoors .
Some men are playing a game .
A man throws a football .
A man wears a mask .
A woman sings .
The woman in black is walking through a rainstorm with her umbrella .
A dog jumps toward the water .
Two people are sitting next to each other .
People are wearing white uniforms .
A man is reading
Three men are in a crowd
Two men running in a race .
A person has some fruit .
THe children are playing .
A number of boys are airborne at the beach .
The older men are visiting with each other .
a man is sitting in a lawn chair
Three women dance in front of a large crowd
A woman rides a bike in front of a crowd
It is the evening .
People are going to a wedding .
The woman is putting makeup on the woman in black .
A man is at a booth .
One man kicks another in the groin .
A young boy is sitting outdoors .
A young boy is playing in a pile of leaves .
A man is reading outdoors .
A gentleman wearing a beige trench coat is walking in the rain .
Two people are walking .
The female student worked on the experiment .
Two people are walking together .
The woman is praying .
Two men are hiking outdoors .
A woman washes dishes .
Two people are having drinks
Three sisters , barefoot in pretty pink dresses and who range in age from preschool to teenager
Three sisters , barefoot in pink dresses and who range in age from preschool to teenager
A woman transports her crops from the fields
A woman transports food from the fields
a blue canoe in front of some plants
People are riding horses .
A bunch of people are in a busy area .
Four women are driving an all terrain vehicle .
The dog is in midair
The young man stands on the pedals of his dirt bike .
People are walking outside .
The girl has several toys .
A man is wearing a Canadian flag in the crowd .
The man is playing an instrument .
A person is waiting at a table .
The dogs are black .
A man punts a football
A Little girl is enjoying cake outside .
The two cyclists are outdoors .
There is people outside .
A woman wearing a blue jacket is drinking tea .
People are outside digging a hole .
The man plays poker
A trio of women get their picture taken .
Three young women are dressed for the parade .
The man is excluded from the conversation
Men are playing a sport together .
The hiker is outside .
People are pointing at a Middle-aged woman .
A kid is with a woman .
A women in black at the beach .
a women is making a sand castle
The elderly driver opens the bus doors .
A person playing an instrument outside .
The man is performing .
Someone rides a bicycle while wearing a helmet .
A man is on a canoe .
Toddlers are in the room with toys .
Several toddlers are in a room with many toys , a yellow lamp , a window , gray carpeting and paintings .
Two race car drivers are on stage
A man is painting .
There are 2 people in this picture , as well as a two-wheeled vehicle .
Two guys get ready to fish .
A person is taking a little girl with a toy from an Airman .
Someone performing a jump with a bicycle .
Several folks stroll through the city .
The child uses soap to wash his hands .
A man is outdoors hiking .
The dress is blue .
A girl sits on a vehicle .
A race car is driving on a dirt track .
A bride is taking wedding pictures .
A bride is taking pictures at a barn .
Someone holding their baby is smiling while sitting down .
A dog is trying to get his toy back .
The man is sitting at the table .
Kids are playing a soccer game .
Two people are next to a guitar .
A guy pushes a machine through the grass .
The kid is at the beach .
Kids are sitting in six of the eight chairs .
A woman is touching the man .
A group of humans standing outside
The little girl is planting her first flower .
A girl is riding a horse .
A person is riding a horse .
The girls are outdoors .
The two girls were happy at the amusement park
On the amusement park ride there were two girls smiling and laughing
A man and woman are walking .
A player crosses home at a little league baseball game .
A car partially sticking out of water .
A dog carries a snowball .
The young man is looking at his mobile device .
a man in jogging pants checks his device
There is a woman with two girls .
many people are waiting in a store
People in a busy restaurant .
People sitting on the beach .
A boy is hula hooping while a man is behind him .
Women play volleyball .
A man is cleaning the street .
Male in brown leather jacket and black slacks , looking down at his phone
Male in brown leather jacket and tight black slacks , looking down at his phone
Somebody who is depicted is wearing a costume from a movie .
A woman in a dress is standing in front of a line .
The woman is about to ingest food
Two kids making a snowman .
A man is singing a song .
The horse is rearing
A ancient temple is evacuated .
The dog has big ears .
A man is on a motorbike .
The woman is outdoors .
Old man squats against a wall .
A dog holds an object in the water .
A human kicking .
Four people are skiing
Girls standing at a whiteboard in front of class .
A women and a man are sitting on a boat
A couple is having there bike stolen .
A person in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled , with a little boy behind her .
A man is selling things on the street .
A person is riding a vehicle .
A man holding a cigarette .
A grill which a boy is cooking on .
Two soldiers carry weapons .
A lady in blue has birds around her .
A woman winds yarn into a balls next to a pile of balls
Girls dance together .
A woman is sitting and playing the violin .
A woman is playing an instrument .
Two guys are fixing a meal in the kitchen .
a guy plays music while others look away
People are listening to a concert .
A man is outdoors .
The two teams are wearing different colors .
Two men are outside .
Three women are outdoors .
A female basketball player is dribbling
A female basketball player is going on the court .
There are people surfing .
A guy is working on a train .
A man dressed in a dark shirt with overalls is squatting down on gravel as he works on a railroad care .
A man in a dark shirt with overalls squatting down on gravel while working on a railroad car
Several men wearing overalls are working on a railroad car while knelling on gravel
A man standing in a room is pointing up .
A worker is looking out of a manhole .
Children are walking .
A boy is outdoors .
A young woman is holding a bike while a young man is holding a skateboard .
Several dogs are playing outdoors .
Two men are sleeping .
Two men listen to music .
A woman is outdoors .
a woman is shopping by fisher 's popcorn
The young boy is outdoors .
The young boy is running .
A person stands on a mountain .
the man is well dressed .
The goalie is standing by the net as the soccer game takes place .
Two men are fishing .
A man stands in front of a ladder .
A woman is reading a book .
The man is kinda husky .
indian women playing musical chairs with white woman in out door
A woman is selling goods while wearing a hat .
A festival displays two men dressed up in red makeup and costume , while an older man has some cream on his face .
Two men are dressed in makeup
The boys are eating .
Children play on the grass surrounded by bright colors .
People are dancing in the street .
A couple is dancing on the street .
A well dressed man and woman is dancing .
A woman is eating seafood .
A woman is eating .
Two people kissing .
Two girls are watching dolls .
A kid is playing in the snow .
A girl is pointing at the picture .
A dark-haired girl in a spotted shirt is pointing at the picture while sitting next to a boy wearing a purple shirt and jeans .
Two kids are playing outside .
a pair of fencers practice together
Humans are moving fast .
Guys wearing white shirts play around by the park .
A man is holding his friend .
Women in bathing suits climb rock piles .
two women are outside
A person is carrying a canoe .
A group of people are filling their belly with food .
Man lays on something .
The woman and man are resting together in an armchair .
a human outside
The motorcyclist is turning .
The child is in front of benches .
The dogs are standing around a crosslegged woman on the grass .
A man and a woman are walking outside .
A football player is wearing blue and yellow .
two people stand together outside
Surfer in red catches a wave .
A person is surfing .
A man looks from behind a buffet .
A black dog runs through the grass carrying its toy .
The man relaxes on a bench .
There are asian people outside .
the guy is on the excavator
four people dining
a child eats cheerios
People gathered in woods .
A volleyball player is hitting a ball .
The male is cooking food .
The child and dog are enjoying some fresh air .
The teen is Asian
A rowboat is out on the water with a man standing in it .
Two dogs are inside a fence .
The oven has pies in it .
A woman is walking outside .
The dog is light colored
a baby cries while getting their diaper changed
The girl has a hat on .
The person is amused .
The girl goes down a water slide .
The man is in a city .
People are shopping .
A couple of people are inside and not standing .
There are some kids in this picture
Two ladies out in the daytime
A woman in a restaurant .
No image can be seen .
A boy is sledding
two men waiting to play soccer
A woman is spending time with her cats .
A female with clothes on is on a moving vehicle , waving her hands left to right in the air .
A young woman is holding a newborn .
Young men watch a tennis match on a screen outdoors .
a lot of people are flying kites .
The man is near the car .
A man wearing a yellow outfit was repairing something on the corner of the house .
a little girl rides on the merry-go-round
A homeless woman sleeps under the protective gaze of the Blessed Mother .
A person sleeping on a cardboard box below a picture of religious icons .
People are wearing disguises .
A blonde female is reaching into a golf hole while holding two golf balls .
Five people on a path
people are dressed in costume
On a fall day , a man walks toward a truck holding a box .
Two dogs shake off water to get dry .
A skier is doing tricks .
A man reading the paper while drinking cafe .
A man starring at a piece of paper .
A boy thinks .
A man is standing on the train .
A snowboarder is out snowboarding .
A brown dog is wearing a muzzle .
A woman is making music .
The man is using his nail gun to attach paper tar to his roof .
A construction worker drives into a nail .
A group of water polo swimmers having a water polo match .
A group of water polo swimmers swimming together in the pool .
The drummer is performing .
An older and younger man are together .
A woman preparing vegetables .
The two people are looking at motorcycles .
People watch a tiger mascot .
A food vendor is in the park .
A woman wearing a scarf , hat , and coat , holding a shopping bag is outside of the store .
The girl is running .
A soccer player holds the soccer ball .
The man is reading .
Guys are playing volleyball .
A person is throwing things .
A woman throwing a spear towards a target .
A man walks past some graffiti .
There are people riding bikes in a marathon .
three women dance in belly dancing costumes
three women wear belly dancing costumes
A person in a boat .
Boys are playing basketball .
Two different teams are playing basketball .
There is a soccer game today .
A vehicle is on the street .
A boy hangs from a rack .
A toddler is playing outside .
Two men are playing basketball .
The man is is near the ball .
A man in a black coat eats a doughnut .
A woman sits outside .
A car is driving across a bridge .
The man is jumping off something .
A person is kicking .
A man is moving on the water .
Two women near cars talk in the middle of the lot
People working on white pipes .
A man is on his cellphone .
A baby in a bib is making funny faces at the camera .
Fruit characters decorate this child 's bib
Two people in a race
A girl is musical .
A person is climbing .
A man is riding a bicycle .
The man is riding a bike in sand .
The person has a helmet on .
the players are playing a game
A baby is unhappy .
The children are outside .
A man is on the street corner .
Two men are inside .
the lady in the orange shirt is eating
Two dogs are playing .
An audience making noise at a concert .
A woman and three men .
A person is helping pull someone else up a cliff .
Two people are climbing a cliff .
People are around a fire
The boy scowls
A vendor selling bananas .
A person with pants
The man is wearing a hat .
The dog is outdoors .
The dog is trying to catch a frisbee .
There are people outdoors
The skateboarder goes down the railing .
A bride tidies her groom .
There are runners on a track .
a dog runs around outside .
A man 's feet are not touching the ground .
There are two asian men in that wood shop .
A man and girl walking together
4 people are together with a white sheet .
4 people piled up on each other on top of a white sheet .
4 people are lying down together on a white sheet .
A jockey rides a horse
A jockey is riding a horse in a gallop .
the man in the ray sweatshirt was pulling on a rope
A man is sitting down .
there are police
The t-shirt is white .
The man is outdoors .
A man with a pail is in the water near a bird .
A young woman tennis player have many tennis balls .
Ayoung woman dressed in black to play tenni.s
The woman is outside .
People are gathered near a tree in proximity of white tents .
The boy is by the pool .
A animal carried a stick through a snow covered field .
A animal carried a stick through a snow covered field .
The workers are using hooks
The workers are working
a football coach walks on the field
this lady has roses while she is waiting
There are a bunch of people , some near a building , others walking and others are doing something to a carriage .
A woman with large breasts is carrying a pink bag .
Farmers prepare to feed their animals in a large field .
Farmers preparing to feed their animals .
A person is getting wet .
Adult males stand in front of a brick wall near something made of metal .
The young boy is multi-tasking .
An adult is escorting some children .
Two women are walking .
Two women are walking together .
A fire hydrant is not just yellow or red .
The man is covering his face and taking a break .
Two people are wearing glasses .
Group of people traveling in the rain by horse-drawn carriage .
A badminton player is laying on a court .
A woman squeezing lemons .
There is a tall man .
Two people are in the gym
A girl gets wet from a splash of water .
A young man saws wood .
The worker is working .
A woman is outside
Two people are talking
A boy looks away from the camera while a girl looks into the camera .
There are two girls .
A female and a male are talking to each other .
Two men go to work .
A woman is sitting .
People are playing a game of ice hockey .
The baby is playing with things on the floor .
A man stares at another man .
A man standing by a body of water .
The girl is outdoors .
The human is sitting .
The guy is doing a stunt .
The girl is a performer for the show .
Two men were outside a building .
A girl is holding a toothbrush .
People stopped by the side of the road
a fireman on a ladder
Person in red shirt about to have a barbecue
An insecure boy .
Some people eating a meal .
A lady is carrying a baby
Two jews are shown in a sidewalk scene .
A person in a jacket
Someone is painting .
A group of people are indoors .
A clown is talking into a microphone .
There are three people driving in a convertible past other people .
Two women are in a car with a man .
Two wrestlers were just tagged in on a tag team match .
Two wrestlers are in the ring .
People are having a picnic .
There is a man vaucuming
A woman reads from a book while a man watches .
A story book is open .
A person doing a trick
a man is standing
The girl has swam before .
a person wears a backpack
The man is wearing a red hat .
There are two girls .
There are children on horseback .
People shop at a clothing sale .
The people are outside surrounded
The people are shopping
A group of people is looking at something .
A well dressed man standing in front of piece of artwork .
The man is cooking .
There are humans physically moving .
a dog running in the snow
Two men help an injured player .
Some men help an injured player on the field .
A man is playing indoors .
A man is wearing a suit and glasses .
The dog grabbed the other dog with his teeth .
A boy jumps over a stair railing .
Boy wearing a blue hoodie jumps railing .
A couple is watching the moon .
A person is running .
Baseball players playing a game .
Two baseball players practicing with an umpire watching .
Two lizards are fighting for dominance in a small pond
a young kid jumps into the water
A group of people in the street .
The biker is a human .
A man is sewing .
The children are being photographed .
The water has a black dog walking through it .
A man is walking somewhere
Man looks at car .
Four people are standing in front of a building .
a boy shows his uniform
A karate student poses in his gi
a young girl putting a box on a shelf
A human doing tricks
There is a land race .
A man is taking pictures at a golf course .
A man at a deli .
A player is hoping to score a run .
A man was pulling a rickshaw behind him .
Two kids are getting water .
A man is entertaining on stage by singing and putting his fingers in a stuffed animal .
Two women with wooden mallets are preparing what looks like food on a simple table .
Two people standing on a boat dock next to the water .
They are outdoors .
Two people are competing in the Olympics .
The clown is very upset .
A woman walking on an old bridge near a mountain .
A woman walking on a bridge in a mountain .
Several people are outside .
The young man is in front of a display .
A canine is running on the seaside .
An adult is instructing children .
The city street performer sits on a green bucket .
The person in a yellow shirt is outdoors .
The person with the camera photographs the person skating .
People are cutting a cake .
Two newly weds are cutting their wedding cake .
Weekend barbecue with some fish
There is some fish
two are people playing ball .
Someone is photographing a boy in motion .
three young men are gathered in a room made of wood panels while one holds a crossbow
Three boys are inspecting a bow .
The man is cooking .
Humans standing
a man peers through a magnifier
A child is looking at the lake .
How the puppet shows work .
A woman is running .
man carries flowers
Many people stand outside a building .
The animal is outdoors .
A girl is wearing a red top .
Man in a hat and glasses , holding up a stick , standing in a crowd of people .
The man is holding something up .
Someone is wearing a dress
A father helps his son
A person messes with some papers .
An Asian girl is sitting .
Two people wearing shirts , one of them smiling .
A woman is sitting outside .
Two men are making music .
The boy has blond hair .
The boys make the goal .
The boy is under the age of eighteen .
There are multiple people present .
Tow people are resting their backs against a bench .
Man and woman stop and chat with each other .
Two men are sitting on a boat
Four skaters race each other .
A fair headed child has a replica flying vehicle and an another toy mythical creature .
Two people are watching TV .
Two football players wearing jerseys .
Two players from opppsing teams face off .
One group of people are watching what another group does .
People are standing outside being looked upon by another group of people
Four men are playing music outdoors .
An Asian man is giving a thumbs up .
People are in a street .
There are four vehicles present .
The man is outside
A dog playing
A group of women are selling their wares
The man is playing the violin .
Near the trashcan the man stood and smoked
Kids are wet .
There is a lady with a book .
A young man is in front of a girll
A man is laughing
A man is outside
There are a group of people dancing .
The child is indoors .
There are no images .
two women sit on a couch
a woman in white is surrounded by others
A little girl is cleaning a chalkboard .
a woman is wearing clothes
A man is holding newspapers .
People are playing a game .
Male and female performers stand on stage .
Nails are filed during a manicure .
A woman has her nails filed for a manicure .
Several people are gathered inside .
A man is performing outside .
A snowboarder jumps .
A little boy blows bubbles outdoors .
A man sits on a motorcycle .
A black woman is on her phone .
a girl has on a sweater
A woman in a purple sweater has an odd look on her face .
A man watches to women in the kitchen
A man watches two women cook
A dog carrying a flower pot .
The runners are not from the US
He is riding a bike .
A person rides a dirt bike outside .
The man is sits next to a painting of himself .
An animal moving vertically and gripping a toy with its teeth .
Few men practicing martial arts in a studio , which is wooden floored
Two men practicing martial arts
A man is playing with his camera .
A dog walks outside .
A young male is looking at a newspaper while 2 females walks past him .
A woman rows a small boat loaded with items .
People are getting married .
Two children are playing on the swings .
A woman is captured midair when she leaps with the pyramids nearby
The teenagers are playing in a fountain .
there are 2 cars on the street and people on the sidewalk .
While carrying their load , the men walked one behind the other .
The father and son kicked the ball .
A blond woman stands on a garbage can .
A brown dog running outside .
A gymnast displays their skills with a flip
There is a dog outside .
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses to others .
a young man sits with two others near a pool table and a drink
the yellow dogs run on the road
Some ladies are near a building .
A woman sits on bicycle seat .
People are smiling .
The boys are playing together .
Dogs are running toward the camera .
A man leaves a brightly colored bounce house .
The stadium is not full .
There is a game about to be played .
The man totes the video games
The fire is burning near the man .
A man is angry .
Kids color paper with crayon .
A tractor is moving .
Three people smiling for the camera .
A man is holding an umbrella
A man holds an umbrella .
a man using a frying pan
A man cooks food .
A service worker is making food in a nice kitchen .
The vehicle is red .
Someone is asleep on a sidewalk .
A biker glides down handrails .
A child is riding a bike .
A dog running outside .
The girl is eating in this picture .
a man jumps on top of another man
Some players are playing soccer in ground
A soccer team are playing in soccer field
The dachshunds are dogs
A man is sitting with his dog
A man and woman are in a dark room
The man has friends .
A person carrying a pot
two girls in a room
There is a child watching a person cooking on a fire .
The two girls are at the amusement park .
Some kids are outdoors .
A group of people look at a woman .
A man is riding a dirt bike in a race at a track .
A man is riding a dirt bike .
The skateboarder has experience riding a skateboard
The batter watches the ball fly towards right field
woman stands at podium
An elder performs an intrumental piece at an event .
Two people jogging while a man stretches on a park bench .
A dog and cat are friendly .
A dog and cat together .
A female acrobat performs on a pole .
Two woman are walking across the sand .
A group sweeps in front of bystanders .
Workers pull together to get the project completed .
A man is laying near cars .
A boy is on the grass .
A Jesus shrine is in the parade .
A float with icons .
A man is being secured .
The man is outside .
The man with dreadlocks does skateboard tricks in the middle of the road .
Some peoples take a photo
A man with gloves and a flashlight .
A man is cutting metal .
A large truck drives down a street while a person in a striped shirt watches .
Two people are speaking with each other .
People are eating dinner .
A child is upset .
A person on steps .
The man is wearing clothing .
A man is sitting on the train talking to a woman .
A man is sitting next to a lady .
The man playing the guitar is wearing a purple suit .
He is playing the guitar .
Someone wearing yellow is doing work .
A man is jogging .
A girl is sitting .
A bird is about to eat some food .
There are people in the forest .
A man taking a picture of someone .
a boy acthes frisbee
There are people outside .
The two people have surfboards .
An old man walks outdoors .
A race car with flames .
Two dogs are outside , with one on the ground and one jumping for a ball .
The dogs are romping across the field .
Three humans are holding objects .
A man in yellow and blue jeans is running through water .
Two football players are playing on a football field .
A black limousine is in front of a marble building .
A woman is outdoors .
A child is in a field hitting a ball .
The woman is inside .
A man talks .
A bunch of men are in class .
He is waiting to pay .
A woman on a busy street holds some shopping bags
A man wearing a brown jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down .
A man is outside .
two pedestrians walk on a cobblestone road past a cafe
There is a Coca-Cola sign on a building .
There are two dogs playing together in the snow .
A toddler playing in a tire outside .
College football players are playing a football game .
the kid plays with his dog at the beach
The football player catches the ball .
The ball is being thrown the football player direction .
The little boy is outside .
A band is playing while people dance .
A girl is sitting on the swings outside .
A man is walking
The men and women are dressed in clothes for the beach .
Some people are Sun Tanning .
A boy wearing a monkey costume passes by a puppeteer .
a girl poses for camera
A woman sits outside .
A woman looks at some magazines outside .
The person is playing a game .
A girl wears a green shirt .
The street has a lot of people .
A women is cooking
A man is wearing a blue shirt .
The automobile lost control and hit something .
people watching street preformers
A group of people walks past some trees and brown buildings .
A man looks at things .
Two people are dancing on a stage .
A guy is in the laundromat
There is a boy showing affection to an old man .
A man holding a sign .
There are carrying bags on the ground next to the group of people .
People get together near a stand of bicycles .
There are several people standing .
Two people smile while looking at a baby .
The child is younger than the adult .
Clothed people are sitting .
Two ladies are by a road .
A group of teenagers are holding skateboards
There is a soda bottle flying .
A woman is wearing a blue coat .
A girl is diving into a pool .
A group of people are talking near a vehicle .
A person with hair
A person falls off of his scooter during an obstacle course .
People on vehicles outside .
A man in jeans is near some rock .
A man standing on the sidewalk .
A man is making hot food .
The inside of a restaurant .
A trumpet being played by a man
A person in jeans
A man is standing next to a payphone wearing a maroon shirt .
They are outdoors .
They are waiting for the bus to pick them up .
The man and woman are doing physical activity .
Three boys are swimming .
People are sitting down
A small group of people having drinks .
A groupe of people are sitting at a table .
The boys look at each other
Two large dogs are fetching for their master .
A man is out with his dogs .
There are children playing outside .
A little blonde girl has a blanket around her .
A woman cuts fabric flowers inside a market .
A topless male is being recorded on a sports field .
People sit around tables under canopies .
An old bearded man is in an old building .
A boy and a girl are walking outside .
The boy in the black and red swimsuit is about to go swimming
There are multiple people present .
A man talks on a phone in a city .
An Asian man in colorful light robes holds a bell .
An Asian man in colorful robes holds a bell .
The man 's shirt is a different color from his jeans .
The man is using his feet .
A woman riding a bicycle on the street .
A man is jumping .
Men are sleeping .
Two men are in pajamas .
A woman is eating cotton candy .
People play chess while others watch .
A couple is at the beach .
Two hikers are out in the snow .
Two guys are carrying things on their back .
The airplane is heavy
Group of people standing outside
There is a girl in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .
There is a lady in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .
A man stands outside in front of some mountains .
A group of teens are hanging out in a garage .
Three individuals are wearing tight blue nylon suits .
a band is playing
People are playing music .
A young lady is walking down the street .
The kid is with his dog .
A small person dressed up is standing next to a tree .
The couple are walking .
A guy is standing in a bathroom .
The girl sitting on the bench is next to another girl .
five people playing
The man is sitting on a bench .
There are three men playing a sport .
A doctor is performing surgery .
Two women are enjoying a meal at a cafe .
Children are at a party
A chef gives a sample .
some shells pass under a marker marked 7
An old man is creating art .
They are playing football .
The children are wet .
Two girls walk in a parking lot .
One person sits at a restaurant table while another pulls luggage across the street while holding a gift bag .
A girl bends over backwards .
There are many children around .
Performers are doing a show at an event .
Many dancers are lifting their legs up on a stage .
The women are near the cellphone .
Two women and a younger girl laugh
Two women and a younger girl joyously laugh
Two entertainers are performing acrobatics .
men standing outside
A baby in a pot on the stove .
A band is performing .
a woman sings into a microphone
a number of guys wearing numbers race outside
People outside .
The animals are playing .
Children are playing in a dirt street .
The balloons are outside .
The girls are wearing white dresses
A group of bike stunt riders are at an event .
A man is sitting on his bed reading .
He is learning something .
Some skis are sitting in the snow .
A man exercising .
Men and women stand in front of a building
People stand in front of a building
People are in a room .
There are people in the snow .
A baby wearing glasses .
A boy wearing glasses is sitting while holding a toy hammer .
A boy is playing with a toy
The girl is in the air .
she is walking with a bag
a woman is walking down the street
The woman is in a street market .
A man with his food cart .
Two men are smiling .
Two boys standing bravely on top of a diving platform
Two boys standing on top of a diving platform
The girl is teaching someone to knit .
A lady is looking in a car .
The man is playing a musical instrument at an event .
The group of men are fixing the rails .
The group of men are workers .
kids play baseball
An old man is drinking some amber liquid from a bottle .
There is a white shirt .
There is a person and a sign .
People are dancing
A child within a snowy structure .
There is a skateboard on a folding chair .
The man is attempting to do a skateboard trick .
The people are waiting at the station .
Three young men clean up their class .
a dog has his mouth open
There is an elderly man standing outside near water .
Someone is outside .
A child is outdoors on a hillside .
Men eating
There is something in the baby 's mouth .
a woman walks
A man inside of a building .
A woman pulls a child .
A child is sitting on a sled .
kids playing near a lake
A group of rollerbladers are crouching .
A band is at a venue
A man and woman look like they are having their picture taken .
A man has some cameras .
The child is blonde .
The child is blonde .
A girl jumping
There are candy bars on the shelf .
We had a bbq with ribs and different types of kabobs .
A woman is speaking into a device .
There are a bunch of people on the ice .
A group of people .
The man is asian .
A girl is surrounded by toys
The shirt is black .
A person is sitting and holding cats .
The bike is outside .
Two men exchange conversation in a crowded arena .
Two men have a conversation in a crowded place .
A dog runs down a path .
A boy is holding an animal .
There are two women .
Two people are on motorcycles .
A dog catches food .
A brown dog is given a treat .
the dog is looking at the treat
an animal is catching a treat
The dogs are running quickly in this race .
The big greyhounds are running quickly in this race .
Three animals move on the ground .
A man sits down .
A man sits and makes mischief .
A man is on his feet .
The little girl is at a park .
A small boy throws a sponge at a car .
Someone is wearing a red hat .
A girl is next to another person .
The older woman is holding something .
people running holding hands
Girls run outside in a park .
Fans watch a band play
A child is playing .
A man and woman walk while carrying a sleeping child
The crowd watches the children play in the sprinkler
The two women are checking their celluar devices .
Woman cuts vegetables .
A man and woman display identical tattoos
A child jumps high , assisted by a spotter and a harness .
A man is chopping wood .
The man is in the air .
A baby is role playing as a professional
A woman is wearing green clothes .
The forest is not dead .
a climber climbs a mountain
a climber is trying to get to the top of the mountain
A woman wears a dress while she sweeps .
A person is laying on a deck .
Two people are referencing a textbook in a laboratory .
A man in a dark coat looks to his side .
A woman in a brightly colored outfit exits the public transportation vehicle .
A woman is talking to a man
A boy is wearing a black shirt
There are several people in this photo , and they are all making music .
People singing
A man lets a woman pass him .
person pitches ball
A man is wearing a blue shirt
toddler is walking
A pair of boys are taking part in a sporting activity .
The two dogs are black .
A player being chased by another player .
A football playing chasing the opposing teams player in a game .
A woman with red-hair screams .
A scientist is using a microscope .
An elderly bearded man sitting on the grass .
A man is wearing glasses and black clothing .
people stand near pole
There are only families at the beach today .
A man rides a skateboard .
A person jumping outside .
A man walking with a caine .
Two people are talking .
People are in a dimly lit room drinking coffee .
People are holding bags and talking .
A female has clothes on with two males holding musical instruments .
A shirtless man is walking to a gas station .
Young woman holding baby boy .
Mob of elderly riding water crafts .
A man and women dancing .
A brunette completes her look with a trendy bag that spells `` HOT '' in flashy pink letters .
The man is exercising .
The airplane is flying in the sky .
Two people are talking to John McCain .
A couple of people stand on stage .
A girl is hanging by gymnastic ropes .
A woman is bowling at a bowling alley .
A person is riding a four wheeler on a plot of land .
There are two people sleeping in a vehicle
A woman is surrounded by lots of food .
A group walks down the street .
A young boy is playing with a wooden train set .
A boy jumps in the water
they got ready to cut the cake
A woman walks a pedestrian path .
Soldier is watching the train .
man holds twig
The dogs are outside on the race track .
The cat is white .
A man is taking a walk .
The girl is standing in front of the wall .
People stand by a rocky cliff with water below .
girl is writing
A male is in a white shirt
The men and women are young .
A skateboarder displaying their skills .
A man and woman talk at a party .
A woman is on a crowded street .
The man is taking a rest .
A girl wears a sweater .
There are multiple people present .
Two people greeting eachother .
A dog is running .
A boy has some legos .
There are some people .
Young women are competing in a cheerleading competition .
Snowboarder performs jump off a ramp .
there is a competetion still going on
A human is running outdoors .
The jeep is blue .
The man is wearing plaid .
A man has on a top hat
A man in a t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing .
A young puppy lays at it 's mothers stomach .
children are at a playground
three people are standing on a dock
A little boy eats a red popsicle
A little boy is eating
A boy is wearing shorts .
They children are protected by the bars
A girls holding bags and wearing blue and brown is standing at the end of a tunnel .
Flower seller on sidewalk .
A lady is holding a device .
A woman holds a camera in her hands .
A boy bicycles behind a man holding fruit .
Woman is doing groceries at the store .
A boy skateboarding .
A man is skateboarding .
The dog is playing .
A small child is playing with something .
A person is near a body of water .
The man and woman are outside .
The boy is holding a hammer .
Two men stand outdoors .
Some guys in black beat their drums .
two people hike
People with name tags taking a picture together .
There are five grownups sitting on stone steps .
A woman has a blue shirt .
A large dog has something green .
There is a parking lot with people and cars on it .
A lady has a black hat .
A person at a museum .
A dog is in motion .
A bunch of people outdoors .
A man near a Blackberry display .
A man in white shorts is not wearing a shirt .
A boy is playing near the water .
People celebrate while an athlete performs tricks .
People are waiting .
Three men are sitting outside .
A group of people look onward .
The teams have black or red uniforms .
Two dogs are tied up near bicycles .
Two dogs are tied up outside .
The man is attempting to draw attention to a picture .
The two men is white suits are acting excited .
The two men in white suits are standing up and pumping their fists in the air .
A guy is riding a bike .
A boy jumps .
A man in a hoodie bows .
A man looks at something in a neighborhood .
A person is on the phone outside in the rain .
The men are on the beach .
The snowboarder is outside .
A man is watching the bicycle .
A girl is running through the water
The girl is wearing a uniform .
A person walks two animals along the beach .
A man is making glass .
man in glasses
Two kids in the park smiling .
Two kids smiling .
A man is in a white shirt .
The people are all standing next to the railing .
Several boys are playing basketball inside against each other .
The cars and people are outdoors .
The car enthusiasts cheer .
There is a beautiful car displayed .
The man is shooting a basketball .
Two people are kissing each other .
A man planting .
A group of people are outside .
The woman is sitting down .
Dog in green is winning Greyhound race at track
A man is wearing a gray shirt
Four people are working on a woman 's scalp .
Women are walking .
A family is sitting .
A man is in the grass .
A man is playing tennis .
Man about to swing a tennis racket .
The band is performing outdoors .
There are several pictures near that man in black .
People are outside .
Two people crossing the street .
Two ladies walking .
People are protesting .
Women wearing red dancing .
The person is riding around on his bicycle .
A person in shorts
Some people are sitting on a ledge .
There are dogs outside .
Child sits with a cigarette .
a dressed man sits
a dressed man with lesions is smoking
There is a man outside .
Two women sitting
group of people walking
The creation is near the water .
An adult is working with sand .
Two women walking .
The children are outside .
Women are holding hands .
Women are in the city .
The man is wearing jeans .
The two men are involved in a physical activity .
Two kids eat food at an outside table .
A dog is on the grass .
A policewoman is participating ina parade .
Two men are kicking at each other
A person in white is cutting down a tree near his home with a saw .
People are wearing costumes .
men looking at the floor
A woman is putting her clothes out to dry .
People are playing a game
A man is running a race
A woman looks to the side .
A man is walking behind a group of people .
The kid is hitting a baseball .
The kid is playing in a baseball game .
The defending player is doing his best to prevent the offensive player from scoring a goal .
Both of the soccer players want control of the ball .
Someone plays a guitar .
There are some people in clothes and there is a musical instrument .
The two men are near a public street bench outside
The men have beverages .
A person is riding outside .
A man is outside next to a sled filled with hay pulled by a horse .
People are outside .
A guy on a bench reading .
There is one man in this picture .
The man has clothing on .
A child is unhappy .
The dog runs along outdoors
A conductor is conducting music in front of an audience .
Some men are playing a sport .
the man is walking
There is a girl eating at a restaurant whilst wearing a hat .
A woman on the sidewalk .
Two men are sitting close together and one is playing his guitar .
The boy and girl are outside .
A woman is moving across the pavement .
There are people next to buses .
The traffic is halted and people are walking between the cars .
a woman is amazed
Four people are standing .
A gadget is being examined .
people looking at books
women are outdoors
A Caucasian man plays with his hair in the shower .
A man is taking a shower .
A man swimming in the water with goggles .
A man smiling while swimming in goggles .
A painter is dressed in gray and working on a painting of a town .
The rescue diver is emerging from the dirty water .
The young women is bowling .
Spectators watch a man tumble .
a dog runs through the woods .
A man gets out of a truck .
A man with a shaved head behind a chain-linked fence .
A man with a shaved head and a beard behind a chain-linked fence .
A young woman with luggage .
A person with hair
An older woman is sitting at a table
An old woman is in a yellow room .
There are people walking down a walkway
There are at least two figures in the picture .
The girl 's eyes are open .
A toddler is wearing a yellow dress .
The dog is on the track .
The dog is in a race .
A woman stands in a line .
A girl is in the field .
A man and woman are in a hardware store .
A couple is shopping in a store .
The two women are outside .
A human sitting
A girl plays with a faucet .
a little girl is handing a ball to dog
A man and woman hug .
A lone surfboarder on a a white surfboard is riding the waves .
They are men on stage .
The people are making lanterns .
A man is flexing .
a basketball player slam dunking the ball
men have weapons
The cobblestone street is not empty .
a woman is playing voleyball
The woman is near the volleyball .
People are walking outside .
People walking away from the water .
The female is wearing a t-shirt .
Two women wearing tops and shorts stand by some motorcycle in the street .
There are some humans wearing outfits .
A fire engine shoots water at a young man with an umbrella .
A Black man is getting his hair cut .
A group of people are walking through an area of public transportation .
the military surrounds some vehicles .
A woman puts on makeup .
Two women have a conversation outdoors in front of a house .
People are walking with balloons .
Ice fisherman gain access to the water .
A person is in the grass holding a fishing pole and wearing a yellow hat .
A worker stands over a bread display .
The young girl with bare feet is losing her balance .
People are indoors .
A group of people watch something .
Some people are seen inside a room .
fivem men are standing
a man and woman are at the table together
A cowboy is wearing a red shirt
A joyously smiling young girl with blond-hair
A smiling young girl with blond-hair
People are onthe beac
Someone is on a board with four wheels .
A man is named Chris
Seven people are riding motorbikes .
The people are riding bikes .
Persons are standing .
A toddler is asleep .
The toddler is a boy .
There is a rodeo event taking place
The lady needs a ride .
the lady is standing
A man with a name tag that reads `` Ben '' is standing in front of a screen .
a man talks into a microphone
A man with a microphone is standing in front of a screen .
The men are painting .
A boy in a pool .
A boy enjoys himself at the pool .
A dog is running around
People are eating .
A man smiles .
A man walks in front of a building with the word grace
A jet flies over a woman in a field .
A man is looking at toys in a store .
A group of people exit the vehicle .
Three people carrying items from a car .
A man and a woman stand in the street at night
There is someone doing martial arts .
Two doctors are working together
A man is walking .
A super car is entertaining a crowd .
Two men are speaking on a stage with a picture being displayed on a screen behind them .
Two men dressed in yellow on a boat .
A darkly dressed drummer bangs on the drums .
The man knows how to play an instrument .
The hiker has shorts on .
There is someone on the stage .
A trainer and his pooch .
Two dogs runs in unhygenic place .
A group of people are watching a band play music .
A girl is taking a picture of others
The window and lumber on the ground were put there by some workers .
The man seems to be in disguise .
A race car driver escaping danger .
A cop is standing up .
The men are near the train .
The girl is outside .
The girl wears a tutu .
The woman is playing toy trains with a little boy .
A man points out a drawing on the chalkboard
A man pointing at something
Three people are resting .
The photographer is outside .
a girl gets ready to kick a ball
a girl wants to score a goal
A woman is talking to a baby .
The person is inside .
Mom is taking a family photo .
The women are inside a gymnasium .
Children are on a slide .
A man is with two animals .
A boy looking at pictures in a book .
The older man has a heavy coat on .
A man is leaning back in his chair .
A girl and her father spend time together as he shaves
The conductor and orchestra are not sitting .
People enjoying the outdoors .
Three people are walking together .
Two women are drinking wine and having a conversation .
A man and woman are walking in the street .
people are running .
Racers are starting a race .
Two people are in front of some scenery .
Two young girls have fun on a trampoline , one of which appears to be falling down onto her back while the other poses with a smile behind her .
The ladies are cooking .
Two people look down at a man working on a walkway .
Two men look at somebody standing on an unfinished walkway .
A stage has musicians performing on it .
A woman in a starry dress is near a grill that is cooking .
The taxi is driving slow .
A girl is pointing .
The woman is holding something .
People waiting for a train
Food is on a table .
A person with a cap
People are in the vicinity of a town
A skateboard does a trick .
A skateboard does a trick at the park .
The shirt is green .
A woman is talking on the phone .
There are people pulling a tractor .
There are some girls in this picture
People are walking around .
People are in a canoe .
The man is a runner
A vehicle driving down the street .
two men are at the store
A human smiling .
A group of people are sitting down
There is a person on a skateboard .
Three people have a water fight .
Three teenage boys having a water fight inside .
A group of young people dances .
People are thinking about futures .
The streets are busy .
There are at least two people in the picture .
The man is doing a bike trick .
He just did a trick on his bike .
More than one person is touching a liquid .
A butterfly is on the head of a toddler .
the man is eating .
The man is at a restaurant .
A woman is jumping up in the air .
A human standing .
A dog is outside .
A man is carrying a drum while on the phone .
Street vendors are selling items .
A guy snipping a ladys hair .
A guy styling by cutting a ladys hair .
The pool is not full of water .
The group is in a building .
A woman in a jacket riding a bike .
An asian man is getting his shoes or feet wet .
Bicycling through the woods while the leaves are falling .
Bicycling through the woods in the Autumn .
A woman is looking perplexed .
a man in overalls with two horses
There are children outdoors .
a person moves stuff into cups while a lady in green puts something else in a bucket
A man and women competing
The vehicle is on the beach .
There are two woman in this picture , and they are outside .
a woman rides a bike
A human standing
A man skiing down a hill .
The group is packing food .
Some music is being performed on stage .
a girl with long hair
The man on the motorcycle road across the course while people chase him .
The men are playing basketball .
Several guys in front of a building .
A woman has a kite .
women carry food on plates
The girls are doing a performance act on a stage .
Four trucks are racing against each other in the relay .
There are vehicles .
A snowboard rides down the mountain .
There are two guys wearing uniforms running in the grass .
A man is carving a bird .
One man sits in a stall while another stands in front of it staring away .
A child outside in water .
A man is drinking .
Two people are outside on the side of the street .
A group of people diverge from each other .
three men are pictured
The baby is inside
The person is wearing a baseball cap .
A young man in inline skates sits on a concrete seat .
The group is made up of guys .
The man is not naked .
People are outside .
Two men are looking at a store .
Some men are near a store .
There are people sitting near a geological formation .
The group of men are posing for a picture .
People are walking down a busy street .
A dog playing outside .
A dog outside .
Two women are dancing on the dance floor .
Some girls are competing .
The people are outdoors .
Three people are walking outside .
A player sliding toward second base .
A girl is above some water .
Two military men are engaged in combat .
Two women are wearing swimming suits .
The man is touching the child .
The rodeo clown is performing physical activity .
A woman in a polka dot swim suit sits with three bags and a bottle .
A woman is on her phone .
a woman is walking
The chef is preparing roasted corn .
Some people are squatting on a street .
Two people are watching a street performer read from a book .
There are people outside .
People walking across the sand .
A boy swings outside .
Many people are mingling at a party .
The ball sails through the air
People are standing outside in the rain .
A man is riding his scooter next to a crowd people .
a gentleman shaves near the shoreline .
A man walks past a newly painted mural of a woman .
There is a wall with a green eyed woman painted on it and a man walking past it .
A girl wearing a dress holds flowers on the sidewalk
A man in a photo booth .
A young girl is playing in a band .
a woman is reading
The two men are speaking .
People rest on plastic chairs .
a police officer stands next to his motorcycle with another man in leather nearby
A police officer is on his motorcycle .
A policeman is leaning on his motorcyle .
There is a person taking a picture .
A man is stirring something near a microwave
The man is not wearing a tuxedo .
The children are in motion .
An adult and child are playing in the water .
There is a man outside .
A person shops for their pet at a store .
There are animals in outdoors playing with ball .
The animal is walking through rocks .
The baseball player is on the field .
A human reading
The team consists of men .
A dog is wearing a skirt .
a skateboarder does tricks while being photographed
a photographer takes pictures of a skateboarder doing tricks
a guy with a jacket kisses a woman with a scarf
People are outside .
A woman is at a train station on a bench .
Two boys are riding bikes .
Men are standing .
The man is on his bike .
Scientists are looking at microscopes
Some people are looking at something through microscopes .
A girl in a bikini jumps .
There are people clapping .
Brown dogs are outside .
A group is clapping .
A small child is on a balcony and hops off it .
A person carrying cases
A person in a uniform
Some kids are playing on a swing .
Two animals are threatening each other .
Four men are playing cricket .
The man is throwing water on a woman .
A guitarist performs .
Three cyclists are preparing to race .
One person fixes anothers dress .
two puppies outdoors .
The taller bald white man is standing by the short black man .
The tall bald white man is sitting down .
Two girls heads are where their feet should be
the men are working
A woman wearing a white shirt crosses a bridge in a wooded area .
Preparing food with lemons
The teenager touches his sweater .
A skateboarder slides down a railing .
Someone is playing football .
People ride the train .
There are people on the train .
A man is rollerskating .
The boys are outside .
The man prepared to enter the building .
The girl plays on the shore .
Two boys are talking .
A goalie is protecting the goal .
The people are sliding .
A human riding
The protestors wore costumes .
People are in the process of jumping .
A man is wearing clothes .
the airplane is flying .
The man is shopping at the department store .
A girl sees a rock formation .
The man is riding a bicycle .
A girl is wearing purple attire .
A boy jumps in front of a water fountain .
The dog is wet .
3 people are outside with coffee .
3 people are outside trying to have a drink .
Two people playing cricket .
The man is a construction worker .
The girl is on top of a horse .
Two people are dancing .
A bridal party is outside .
A group is in christmas themed suits .
A PERSON IS KAYAKING IN ROUGH WATERS .
A PERSON IS IN A BOAT .
Two males sitting together on a boat
Two males are riding a boat
The girl is taking extra shots fro the line .
The dog is wading through shallow water .
A man is in a boat .
There is a girl with an animal
He made the shellfish outside .
The shellfish was cooked in awok .
a woman is wearing fashion accessories while sitting at a table .
A man walks down the street in winter .
A family holds hands in the snow .
A lumberjack is chopping wood outside .
A gymnast is waving a ribbon .
A woman dripping with water walks in front of a waterfall .
The older man is wearing a blue jacket .
The person depicted is not an adult .
The child might be outside .
Two cars parked near a body of water and a crane outside .
people are building
The gymnast wore red .
There are two animals in the water .
A person holding religious information is in the main location of an urban center .
The camera catches the faces of a crowd of people
A jockey is riding a horse .
two men are climbing out of the water
the men are wet
A person is outdoors on a sunny day .
There are flowers in the garden .
A bass player is playing the bass .
People watching a band perform .
people at the park .
A man is talking to a bunch of his friends .
the workers are walking
The workers are walking outside
One of the guys is a batter .
A man is standing in the road wearing a black jacket .
The woman is indoors .
Two girls and one man are browsing the store .
A man is balancing .
People standing in the grass .
People pose for a photograph .
People are enjoying sundown .
There are people in the office .
A DJ plays music for a crowd while they play with a green balls .
A crowd of santas are on stage at a Christmas party .
people are outside
Two children are on the lawn .
Some people are hugging .
A girl watches a rock outside
People inside .
A dog is going up the stairs .
A newly married couple kiss .
A dog is moving around
Dogs drink water in public .
Dogs drink from a public city supplied water supply .
The man is near a woman .
A local policeman standing in front of the counter
Woman is holding a child upside down .
Two blond females are together .
A boy is playing on the beach .
People are at a pool .
The little boy is in the water .
A bunch of people holding umbrellas on a rainy day .
a chef speaks into a microphone near a bowl
A chef speaks
The dogs are outside .
Kids standing and climbing .
There is a man examining items through a scope
There is a man looking through a scope
A man in a lab coat .
A man is cheerful .
A girl rides a bike .
A man sitting down indoors in a room .
Male nun is inhaling .
There is a girl playing on the tree .
A girl climbed up the tree .
The garbage bin is full .
Young students all carry blue book bags .
Many performers in colorful costumes were entertaining in the streets .
There are people near a beach .
A male with clothes on is in front of another male in a crowded park .
The snow is outside
a couple of men walk their canoe
The man is standing outside
An old man looks through a garbage can .
There are people at a table .
Several people walk down the road , backs facing the camera .
A couple are both wearing accessories .
A person in a bikini
The girls attend school .
A person sitting
A person climbs a cliff face in the woods .
Troops are together
Everyone is outside looking into the sky .
The women are great at beach volleyball .
A black dog is running outside .
A performer has a small audience outdoors .
The guy is using inline skates .
A man in a hat is working with flowers ,
A child on the beach
A view outdoors .
A person in black
Dogs are sitting close to the man .
The young man is drinking a liquid .
A happy woman holds an umbrella .
There are at least 2 females .
A man holds a small child while petting his dog with his girlfriend is holding her son and her dog .
A man in a jacket holds a small child while petting his dog near a woman holding a small boy and her dog .
A couple are in the Underground .
Three men are playing outside
Two people are with a dog on leash who is standing against a tree .
A man standing in a booth .
The dog is laying on an object
There is someone outside .
A vehicle travels outdoors .
There are bikes being ridden .
There are people playing football outdoors
There are people playing football
The dogs are playing .
A group of people plays a fun game on the floor of a living room .
A group of people plays a game on the floor of a living room .
A group of people are sitting on the floor .
The woman has one head .
the man with sunglasses and a flag has beer bottles .
The person has beer bottles abd has a england flag and glasses .
A group of Asian men pose for a picture .
A group of Asian men just ate a meal together .
A female in a chained off area .
There are girls wearing red .
A man is wearing a red shirt
An old woman is carrying two pails .
At a convention there is a Chevrolet car on display .
Some people are performing .
A man is using some audio equipment .
A man with dark hair is in a dark room with his hands on equipment .
a dog sitting on a bed after ripping up paper .
There is a girl looking at the rocks while laughing
There is a girl laughing
Three young people are seated .
Two hikers take a stroll
Some people doing something .
A little boy is kicking a ball .
There is a powerpoint presentation .
A person in a shirt
The male child is eating a popsicle .
A crowd watches two shirtless men perform together .
People are playing with a bottle .
family walking down a street
A skater goes through a course
Three boys .
The football players are on a field
An adult male holds wooden boards together as a boy hammers a nail into them .
a man performs a magic trick
a man in a straight jacket
A human drinking
Three people pose for a picture .
two girls sit by a lake
Group of men fighting each other outside of European bar .
several people are outdoors
A girl has all black and white .
A girl out in the middle of a public area .
A man is sweeping .
A man climbs rocks while other watch him .
A man is climbing a rock while others are there .
a man in a white shirt
People stand on the sidewalk between buildings .
A guy is washing the sidewalk .
There is an elderly woman in a crowd .
A group of people wait outside .
A group of people are rollerskating .
Two women crossing the street outside .
A little girl runs .
A man peels fruit .
A woman is talking on her cellphone at the beach
Two men in different uniforms play basketball .
The man is wearing a sweatshirt .
There is a room with furniture in it .
A group of people are at a conference watching something .
A man is holding a cup .
A man is moving aquatic life .
A man is standing by the aquariums .
The silhoutte is inside .
People playing football .
Three boys are standing .
A group of men are under a roof .
A woman is riding a horse .
Two women are walking .
Here is a picture of a woman and her husband '
Here is a picture of a woman and her husband in their car smiling .
A man is outside .
It snowed outside .
A man holds a wineglass .
Man jumping out of a pool .
The firefighter is standing .
The soccer players are not running at the moment .
A woman holds a young child indoors .
a woman talking on her cellphone
The man with the shirt is smiling .
A young man is standing outside a wooden structure .
A man running down the street is carrying a hard hat .
A few people playing a game in the tropics .
There is a man listening to headphones .
A man plays an instrument .
the dog is digging outside
Children are getting wet on purpose .
A skier gets some air near a mountain range snowfield .
A person is standing outdoors .
There is a child near a tree .
A man watches another do construction work .
A group of friends walking outside .
An employee is waiting to help a customer .
A man running .
A woman and her pet sit outside at a restaurant .
the two people were together
Two cops and a child are on a sidewalk .
Someone is holding something outside .
A man is in a boat
Some people are outside .
A hill is near a construction site .
The small child will play in the dirt .
A child is outdoors .
A man is going up a rock wall .
The people are Indian .
there is a group of people outdoors .
An old man is wearing a hat .
The dogs are chasing a ball .
The little boy is sitting down .
A woman is standing
A skateboarder is straddling his upside down skateboard and in the air .
A little red haired boy running down a hill .
A person is doing a handstand in a park on a sunny day .
Three people are talking outside .
A person is writing .
Two men are selling fruit at the market .
Two men are standing beside produce .
The child is wearing polka dots
The young man is grooming himself .
A man is by a child .
Man plays a woodwind instrument .
A woman standing next to an old vehicle .
A woman looks at an old car .
There is a group of kids .
A class of people play music as a red and black wearing teacher conducts them .
A man sitting down is wearing a black hat and a jacket .
An accordion player is making music .
The child played outside .
Two people are outside .
A group of men are looking in a train .
A man pitches at a baseball game .
A man is standing in the corner of a field while a camera is pointed at him .
A lady is holding a lit lamp .
There is an outdoor event with signs for animal rights
Children are playing a game
A human knitting .
Men in matching shirts working on a machine .
A child and dog running together .
A young child sits near a tray of food .
A person is in the airport .
Two people are riding a bike .
The two people are on a tennis court .
A man is bowling .
A person is bowling .
There is a tent on a beach .
The dress is white .
One child feeds another .
A group of women are outside
The man is outside .
There is a woman sitting on the ground .
The person is making fabic
The dogs are playing .
A woman is near a graffiti-ed wall .
Someone is wearing a uniform
A man is making music
Kids leaping into a swimming pool
They all have devices .
These boys are on bikes
These people are together
People are sledding down a hill .
A lady is running .
A man washes laundry
A human wearing
A man is walking through the grass .
Two people are sitting on a grassy hillside wearing bike helmets .
There are children playing .
The man is outside .
A woman is eating a sandwich
A young boy plays with a yellow dump truck in the living room .
A male and female are next to each other with clothes on .
The bus already has people waiting on it .
A group of uniformed men having his uniform adjusted to perfection .
Several runners compete in a race .
A man is sitting .
the man is invisible
a cowboy is at a rodeo
A boy is sitting by himself .
A child at a playground .
The dogs are playing .
There are children outside .
A person is standing in coconuts while trying to open one .
The man is wearing a orange hat .
A dog walks through the snow .
Several people are outside moving quickly .
There is artwork with trees .
People walking passed shops on a street .
street performers are with santa holding hands
A woman is eating while sitting down .
A woman is near a glass jar .
A woman wearing an apron is preparing a meal .
People are sitting and eating ice cream .
A boy attempts to tackle an opposing player in a game of flag football
There is a person alone in a field outdoors .
A sports contestant in an international competition , is on the ground still holding onto his sporting equipment .
The boy is hiding outside .
The child is not at home .
A human on the sand .
A man building a sand castle
A man playing in the sand
The boys are outside .
The girl is wearing white .
Three people are on scooters .
A man on stage wearing a shirt is zipping up his pants .
A baby looks at the camera .
A man and woman are running .
One worker is bending over .
A family leaves their home .
The sand castle down on the beach was made by that man .
Two children play outdoors .
A man is on the beach .
The child is swimming .
A man smiling .
The friends are vocal and using words .
Some kids are running in an arena .
A man is holding a microphone
a man reclines in a seat on a boat , reading .
Four young people are lined up behind another and they are holding their arms out so it looks like the arms all belong to the first person , a red haired woman in a bikini top .
Four people are lined up one behind another and they are holding their arms out so it looks like the arms all belong to the first person , a red haired woman in a bikini top .
A boy is a street vendor .
Two children are outside .
There are many people on the bus .
Two children are playing .
The woman has gray hair .
A group of men are trying to find something .
Several men are repairing a sign
A group of people are interested in a vehicle .
Two people are in a large body of water out doors .
A crowd enjoys a soccer match .
A young boy is on a patio with lots of funiture .
A young boy is on a crowded patio .
Several male curling players sweeping their path on ice in front of a rock as a small crowd watches .
The shirt is checkered .
3 people are seated
Humans working
A woman is holding a hot air balloon .
An adult and a kid are engaged in an activity .
Many women sitting in a room .
There is a person with a fish .
The men are playing rugby
two girls bumped while rollerskating
The truck is outside
Cheerleaders stands on other cheerleaders
A woman watches a child play .
A woman sits .
A man is on his bike .
The two people are in deep muddy water .
Someone is playing in mud .
A man is sitting on a chair
Elderly man is sitting on a chair in outside of a building
There are clouds in the sky .
A snowboarder is in the air .
The person is riding a bike .
A dog stands in some water while a diaper wearing kid sits on a rock .
A black lab stands in some water while a small child sits on a rock .
Gymnast does a flip .
gymnast does a back flip .
A woman is wearing a blouse .
The man is playing with his instrument .
The man in skates follows the path in front of a building .
The two men are outside .
A pitcher is throwing a baseball .
Women are talking
A mammal is running .
The man is near the water .
a teanager stile a surfboard
a teen is surfing
A woman is taking her child for a stroll .
The people are on the scooters outside .
Boy wearing Dr , Pepper shirt watches another boy sitting in grass .
A group of people are swimming .
The children are dressed in warm clothing .
A woman is selling products .
A dog is outside and thirsty .
The man is flexible .
A man in a cap
A man outside .
A man is public speaking .
People talking outside .
A man is opening mail .
Three people in coats are standing in front of a building .
A man hangs from a parachute .
There are people outside .
A guy sharpening his knife .
A person is snowboarding .
Two men walk by a trash can .
A man lies in an alley .
A black dog surrounded by puppies .
The kids are not old .
The baby is being held by the man with the stubble on his face
Several people are playing in the water .
The dog is in the air .
The man has an orange hat on
A person is looking at some colorful dresses .
The father has a son .
There are people standing in a room .
A woman is wearing a sweatshirt
A child is playing with a toy airplane .
People relaxing in charis .
The athlete competes in front of the judges .
a player walks around
There is a childs soccer game outside
A man mowing a lawn by the sidewalk .
The woman is outside .
kids stare out the window
The girl is outside .
A baby is playing in the playroom .
A sports player is playing a sport .
Three men excavating a mountainside outdoors .
A band is playing on a stage .
The boy is holding an item .
The man is have a cookout .
Girls taking cover .
A man is moving around .
A girl is flying through the air off of the swing .
the child is on a swing
A girl jumps rope .
a man is standing
the firefighters are standing
The person can not walk .
The person is disabled and is being moved towards a holy person .
some cyclists cross a bridge
some cyclists cross a bridge and two women stop to pose
2 young boys compete in martial arts .
2 children compete in martial arts .
A dressed up woman is walking next to a store at night .
A black woman walks by a window .
A person walking outside .
A group of people sees a kid on a unicycle .
The crowd gathered to watch the child riding a unicycle .
A man smokes a cigarette outdoors .
A man looks at a pile of colored vegetables on a car outside .
A woman prepares food while two people sit on the other side
The girl is cleaning her teeth with a colorful toothbrush
The man is outside
Three people look to their sides .
The woman has a phone and an umbrella .
A child plays teeball .
Two women were walking but they stopped .
Two men are outside .
A sister and brother are playing in their yard .
A woman is doing an exercise outside in a warm location .
A lady is walking down a busy street .
There are at least 2 players .
There are at least 2 people .
A few people are displaying something on their face .
People wearing shorts
People enjoying a day with nature in their kayak .
People performing a demonstration .
Casually dressed woman cleans out storage building .
The woman is walking .
The man is using the oven .
A child is walking .
A woman makes a purchase from a vendor outside .
Discussing a pamphlet .
A lady does her laundry .
An old man is working .
The singer wears glasses and the man on the stringed instrument is wearing a hat .
Two dogs are running .
A girl poses for a picture .
A skateboarder is doing a dangerous stunt .
The man is making music .
The hikers sit in the snow .
The hikers are surrounded by snow .
The man is outdoors .
People are riding horses and ponies outside .
There is a person near some water .
A person is riding on a brown horse in the midst of a prairie shadowed by mountains
People are standing outside .
A man has a yound boy on his shoulders outside .
A young child holds a stuffed pig .
Two women are getting ready to eat .
A woman is playing sports .
A tennis player is looking at the crowd .
a man on a bike in all black hangs appears to hang in the air over a bridge
a man on a bike does a jump on a bridge
A young male is riding his bicycle over small hills .
A person in a shirt
A man cleans .
A woman is hanging from a tree .
A small orange case is on the table .
A child is looking out a window
A dog is playing with a stuffed animal .
A man jumped .
There is a woman and some animals .
The children are all sitting down .
Three people are on a pier .
a skilled calligrapher is working
Military man sits on an armed vehicle .
A man playing an instrument
A small car rides around
A girl is in front of the soccer net .
two women near a fountain
A man is standing with his mouth open .
A man is wearing white .
A dog is swimming with a branch in its mouth .
People outside in lines .
There is a man with body art who is holding a young person .
The two boys are playing .
The jacket is blue .
Kids are walking around
There are people on the brick pavement .
There are men on the brick pavement .
There are four boats in the middle of the water .
Two dogs run along the lawn .
the woman was gesturing
A young boy is leaning against a tree outside .
the dancer is wearing a costume
A man with a beard is surrounded by people on a stage .
Two men are in white robes and red capes riding bicycles .
The woman is not standing up .
The star volleyball player shows off
A volleyball player shows off during the game
A woman 's job is sewing .
A doctor is doing some kind of medical operation .
A doctor is doing surgery .
The dog is coming out of the ocean with something it its mouth .
A man playing the guitar with a man who is also playing drums .
Three girls falling and laughing .
Three girls laughing about clumsily falling on each other .
a guy with a shirt and hat walks past a train
A group of men are playing basketball .
People are walking in the street .
A woman bowls .
many people sit playing a game
a man puts on a tie
A lady is watching a man cook .
a kid walks with a flag
A jogger , dressed for jogging , jogs on a sidewalk near water .
A boy walks on water .
A boy walks .
The little boys are jumping .
A young boy wandering in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap .
A young man walking in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap .
A boy walking in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap .
A female is recording her research . `
A car is running .
People with a dog sled in the snow .
A man shows a photo to a class .
There is a pool outside .
A couple teaching a kid on firearm use
The woman is walking next to the boy carrying the flag .
A lady is next to a child who has a flag .
People are sitting in a public area .
A dog is running outside .
An animal is playing with toys .
The climber is wearing a red shirt .
There is a person in a store .
A man is standing outdoors .
A person dressed up colorful for sport today .
There are people dressed in outfits ready to go skydiving .
people going skydiving
people pack parachutes
there are multiple people in the picture
the women are in the cafe
The girl is touching an object .
You can observe some water in the frame .
the sledgehammer is large
A man swinging a sledgehammer .
The boy is giving a hug .
A vendor is outside with other people .
People are bandaging an injured head .
A motorcyle being fixed by a group of men .
The woman is on top of the horse .
A girl is working on a lab experiment .
A man is not standing .
Two old guys are talking while sitting down .
A man is removing paint .
A man is cleaning a window .
There are work tools .
The woman is outside .
A woman is holding a child .
A girl is getting wet .
A person is outside sitting by a body of water .
Man sitting in grass near fishing area .
There is someone palying with a dog .
A man is holding to some vegetables near another man .
A woman paints .
People pose .
Some children play in the snow .
The man is examining what wavelength is given off by the device .
The women and children are outside .
The people have clothes on .
The woman has a scarf on her head .
Dogs are barking up a tree .
Two dogs running through water .
The dog with the black fur gets wet running in water .
A little girl wearing a red dress holds a woman 's hand .
The women are in two rows .
A guy on a roof working on roof tiles .
a young girl
The man is looking at the screen of a cell phone .
A man watches two children on a grassy field .
The girl is at the park .
A man wearing swimming trunks plays around at the beach .
There is a group of men .
A soccer player .
a young boy and girl kiss near hay and autumn display
A woman is playing with a dog .
The children are listening to the guard
A group of people play soccer .
A person is roaming the streets .
Two people are opposing each other in a sword fight .
people geting emotional watching something .
The woman has 2 bags .
A person carries a child .
a woman holds a child
A skater incorporates the bench in front of a pharmacy into his routine .
A person on a bike
There is a fake shark mouth in the children 's room which the woman in the red vest has her hand in .
A man is outside .
A human wearing clothes is holding an object .
A person is viewing the forest .
A woman is cooking .
Two are riding bikes .
A person is at the beach .
A group of friends are standing around together .
A street vendor is outside .
A child is wearing makeup .
A child wearing face paint .
A boy with a painted face .
A man in a denim shirt is smoking .
A kid was hitting golf balls .
A woman walks next to a subway exit .
A young man is in the game room .
A boy is playing .
A teenage boy is standing in from if a game machine and putting coins in the slot .
Some people are playing sports .
The girls are musicians .
There is someone playing on a beach .
A man is under an umbrella .
A man naps in a sunny park .
A woman is getting a workout .
A woman is preparing to run on a treadmill .
There are people watching two people wrestling .
One wrestler wrestles the other onto the bottom in their fight
The couple is at a club .
Four people are looking at the sky .
The child gives food to a deer .
a man and woman are together .
People are camping .
A little girl is blowing the petals .
A little girl is playing with flowers .
Two teams are playing soccer
A group of people assembled in front of a fast food restaurant .
A person in a hoodie takes pictures of a tree .
A photographer in a hoodie takes pictures of nature .
A man uses a camera .
A man photographs a field .
A young man photographs a mountain lake scene .
A boy is playing in the water sprinkler .
the man is outside
A couple people are in a small boat in the water .
a boy skateboards .
A person is driving a race car .
A pair of humans are riding their bicycle with tight clothing , competing with each other .
The people were waiting by the wall .
The young boy is indoors .
People are watching a dog race
Two men are playing a game
The man works security for the venue .
A man is giving an interview .
The skateboarder is performing a heelie kick flip .
A skateboarder is performing a trick .
Two teenagers pose for a picture .
Two opposing teams that are playing soccer have colorful jerseys .
A man is wearing grey .
The people are waving .
three men are posing
A man and woman have a dog between them .
A group sits down for a meal .
A couple is outside walking .
The children are tired .
People are on the streets in vietnam
A woman raises her hand as she walks in a parade .
A man has made some paintings .
Two women are in the city .
A woman with a pink tank top poses for a picture .
There is a man out on his boat
a man in green
Two dogs are playing with a ball .
Two men with mouths agape .
people wait in aline
The man is wearing a blue shirt .
A person is outdoors .
People are jumping from a plane .
An older man posing by a rock .
A child is laying down outside .
The square is busy .
The child is putting his head through a hole in the wall .
A child looks at someone else .
A man is on the roof with a camera .
The dog is walking on the grass .
Five girls are standing together .
The group of schoolgirls want to be in a picture .
A woman in a jacket kneels by a bowl and small bottle .
The boy in dark clothes is playing with his toy on the floor .
A boy is playing with his toy .
Women are wearing matching outfits .
A risk taking juggler .
The police officer talking to a man .
A woman in a jacket is jumping .
A lady in a polka dot jacket jumping in the snow with shopping bags on both of her wrists a city .
A volleyball match is being held .
Workers are using wood for their project .
A man is on a bike .
Two people watching an event
The man and woman are relaxing together .
A human playing
Boy scouts are standing in an alert position .
The wooden bars hold in an African boy
A man is checking out a woman as she rides by on her red bike .
A woman on a bike passes by a man .
A woman helps a bride dress herself .
A man and woman dance .
a man is sitted
A young boy is in a field with a lawn mower .
A boy is in an overgrown field with a toy .
music is enjoyed by people
The woman is making her way by the group of seated people .
An Asian man in a robe .
a priest is blessing his worshippers
The little boy is alone .
A man on a dock is fishing
A woman walks near a building .
A woman sitting down .
A group of youths are working on a craft project that involves the use of flour .
There 's a group of women on a bus .
The girl is in the water .
A man is holding a cell phone and walking .
A dog is at the pool
A man has a black cap .
Backside view of a South America street vendor tending to her oven .
Three kids playing outside by a building .
Some children outside having fun and playing .
players fighting
fighting on the ice
The man is doing a trick on a bike .
a man running with snowshoes on the snow
four motorcycles are racing
a woman talks on her phone
A puppy plays fetch .
Two elderly men talking .
Two men are holding up something with young kids .
A old man recliner with his keys
A boy is in a busy street , wearing sandals , looking at a camera
A boy is looking at electronics near a road
Two people are in line about to order at a Mexican eatery .
A rugby player is playing in a match .
A boxer is punching someone .
A boxer is competing in a fight .
A young man has his eyes open .
Woman swims in a pool .
There is a girl in a pool .
A person smiling
A woman is dressed as a fairy tale character .
A man is looking
A girl is waving at a crowd of people .
Women are holding a flag
woman stands on ladder
The young woman is in front of the old movie theater .
A boy is showing off for his friends .
A boy is holding a rope .
There are surfers on a beach .
A man is standing by a machine .
A man in blue and a woman in white are walking down a path .
A person is trying to catch a calf
A person riding a horse
A boat is carrying a passenger .
A little boat is carrying at least one passenger as it floats in the water near a dock around sunset .
A person on a river near a metropolitan area .
A woman is enjoying herself .
A women is at the carnival .
A young boy falls down in Autumn .
People are prepping food .
A man is adventuring through the forest outside .
The men have been given an award at some point .
Rollerskaters are racing .
A boy and a woman are laughing .
A woman is interacting with a performer .
Two men on a cherry picker performing work outside .
A kid uses eye protection while in the water .
One man works , another man works on his sitting .
The man is talking on the cell phone .
Some humans
A man is fixing a bike .
A party atmosphere is present where two females have their faces decorated with paint with others holding balloons .
He holds robe and hat
Someone orders food at Quiznos .
A man is making a purchase in a store .
A bulldog running outdoors .
A boy in pajamas jumping .
A man is wearing a jacket .
A dog is rolling in the grass .
People are playing a rugby game .
A man standing at a kitchen counter looking at food .
A person ice skating .
A young boy with clothes on is indoors with chairs .
Four teenagers playing inside a gym .
A soccer ball is going into the net .
Two people are outside .
man and woman walk near water .
Man and woman walking on the beach .
People engage in physical activity in front of other people .
Humans in outfits
a man is drawing
A girl with a tennis ball in her pocket .
Some travelers are at a train station .
a person on a motorcycle
The two ocean goers are human .
Three women playing with a toy in a home .
A man is walking a dog
The young man has twisted hair .
A lady is carrying a big bag .
A female in dark shorts is pushing her mode of transportation down the road .
A man and woman hold hands .
Small boys playing .
A man is singing on stage .
A baby is dressed in a bathrobe waiting for a shower .
The boy is inside of the building .
A lady is outdoors
A woman is outside touching water .
a male in a hat
A lady is observing something
There are children by an adult .
a kid is playing with a green , white and red spinning toy that turning on the ground .
There is a jockey riding a horse .
The young man is wearing a hat .
A girl looks at a camera
There are at least 3 people .
The men are riding horses .
People stand facing the ocean .
Someone is dressed in a costume and stands in white room , and with the wall behind .
A person is dressed in a costume and stands in a white room with a painting on the wall .
a woman nibbles food from her hand
a woman is looking at her phone
A child waits by some stairs .
Persons are seated on the fountain 's edge .
A dog prepares to catch a Frisbee .
man in bear suit
The men riding together .
Someone is grilling .
The girls are holding hands .
A girl is folding clothes .
The girl is under the age of 18 years old .
People stand near the trash .
The picture is of a face .
There person is holding a picture of their own face .
A group of people are standing on the street .
The women are wearing blue .
Three women are on stage .
There are two men posing in front of a transparent wall that you can see shops behind .
There is a baby in a person 's arms .
The lady has a paper in her hands .
A group of people are sitting .
Clerk waits in checkout line .
The man and woman are facing one another .
A man is standing in a barber shop .
There is a group of men .
The race team is working on the car .
Eight women look to the camera .
The woman is decorating something .
A child is on a mans shoulders .
The people are riding bikes .
It is raining .
The girl is jumping .
A smiling schoolgirl leads the her line of classmates .
The baby is sitting on the ground .
Some people who are visible are not African American .
Girls doing athletics
The child is using a step stool .
A woman is smiling .
women wearing t-shirts hang out on the grass
two men clean
Two janitors sweep
A group of women with long hair .
Two girls are playing softball .
There are multiple people present .
Three people are racing .
Three people are racing bikes .
A man is holding up a humorous sign .
Some men walk near the tracks .
A child is climbing on a rock .
A man is outside .
A man is riding a bike .
He gestures towards a nearby car .
there is a group of people
A group of people are outside .
The woman is walking down the street .
A male and female work together to repair something .
The woman in the blue shirt is touching herself .
A cyclist goes up a hill .
A man is holding yellow ski poles .
A girl holds a piece of paper .
Racing on a wet road .
A woman is performing a trick .
The person snowboards well .
Three children are trapped together .
They are camping .
A woman outside .
Two people are outside .
Women are riding motorized bikes .
This is a singer
People posing for a portrait .
A girl is drinking through a straw .
A man talks on his cell phone .
Four people in a kitchen cooking .
A man is photographing five people .
The child is on a train seat .
A man is folding his laundry while sitting on the floor .
There is a person doing laundry .
Four people are in a hallway .
A girl is swinging .
Someone in clothings is doing something in front of a person .
A man in a shirt and shorts plays an organ and observes by someone else .
A person is next to a car
An animal is playing with a ball .
A man is running beside his dog .
A woman is eating cold ice cream .
The women are brightly dressed
a woman in green walks along a street
A man is standing in a stairwell .
The man and woman are standing next to a road .
A person singing
There are people indoors .
Trolley 's are a means of transportation for people .
Three people are standing in a room .
Man is walk towards the sea .
A race car is in movement .
a car running down on racetrack
The man waved at the camera .
A guy is inside .
There is a girl playing with food
Two humans are about to enter a river .
People are planting flowers .
A man is sitting .
A small group of people are gathered to use rolling pins .
A group of people in similar clothing are aware of each other .
A man and boy are in a body of water .
A boy is holding paper .
There is a man and woman in the bathroom .
The construction workers are at work .
A young boy is bowling .
Two pantless men are reading next to each other while on public transportation .
A group of people are sitting together .
People watching a car .
A man is using a red kayak .
A woman using a microscope .
Some people carrying flags are walking on a street .
The lady is making food .
The group is near water .
There is snow on the hill .
A man rows a small dingy .
A boy buys food .
Man in dark clothing walks across a lawn .
The young man sings to the crowd .
The man in the coat is next to the trash can .
A man in a coat is leaning on a trashcan .
The person gets in the white truck .
The man is standing on the sidewalk .
A child is raising his or her hand .
Workers are using a tool
a girl carrying sacks
People are on the street .
A woman is wearing red .
The young boy is wet .
A woman is wearing a hairnet .
During a race , horses jump over a hurdle .
There is a t-shirt .
A man is directing traffic
The men are moving .
A woman and her son walking .
The people are perfomers
The biker rode up the hill .
A young person is outside .
Man biking in half pipe .
A man is outside
worker walking by a statue
A child in a red plaid coat and pink winter hat makes a snowball in a large pile of snow .
A very young child in a red plaid coat and pink winter hat makes a snowball .
Some people play a game
A man playing a gold saxophone .
The man is using his phone .
A man is on a bike .
Three people in life jackets are swimming .
People are wearing costumes .
A man is laying outside .
a wet dog jumping
There is a woman .
Two dogs in water .
There are women relaxing .
The crowd of people are sitting .
There are at least two riders .
The kids are sitting at a table .
A dog is outside .
People outside .
The woman is holding something .
A man playing instruments .
Men are working .
A clown making balloon shapes for a lady .
A girl is playing with a football .
A person taking a nap .
A woman carrying things on her head .
The girl is tossing sand into the ocean
A dog is showcasing its agility
The airplane is quite crowded .
The people each have one head .
A costumed figure is sitting on the curb .
Two people are drinking .
The person walking is making adjustments to their shoes and accessories .
A girl is holding a balloon animal while a person is showing her something .
a repair man works
a man sits
There is a fire
There is a person and two horses .
A person is playing the guitar .
The two people are looking outside .
a group of musicians mke music on stage
A woman dances with a fan .
The lady is dancing .
A man looking down at something as a band and dancing people form behind him .
There is a Asian woman .
The people are walking .
A man is working behind the small business on the street .
The group at the party is outside .
A car is traveling along a dirt road .
A group of people have instruments .
a man curled on the pavement
Four women are wearing jean skirts outside of a cinema .
There is a man watching another man .
A man is operating a machine
The man is working outside
A bridal party is bathering outside a stone building .
There are two men in kayaks .
A person is under a doorway where there is a tree .
The Rockettes are near a cop car .
A man painting outside .
A woman is window shopping .
Men are doing yard work
A woman is applying eyeliner in a dimly lit room .
The runner has a torch .
Boy plays a game so sincerely
Crafts are being done .
people playing a game
A woman is outside .
Two ladies are sitting together at the table .
Women are indoors .
People gathering outdoors for a ceremony .
Some black men are outdoors .
There is one person in this picture , and they are inside and working .
A man is wearing a pink shirt .
a dog leaps out of the water
Three people climb a ladder .
There is a boy on a ramp
Two people are sitting on a bench
A man plays with a baby .
The man is holding an instrument in his hands .
A street filled with people .
Three musicians are performing at a concert
People are on a beach .
A mother is walking with a child .
The man is riding a bike .
People are wearing something .
A woman is riding a bike as a kid rides on the back .
There are flying animals in this picture .
People are talking to others .
Several women watch as two men work on bikes .
A boy is with his mum .
There are three people inside .
A man has more than one child .
A woman clad in red holds a red and black fan
Dogs are playing on snow .
One person faces another person who 's holding a baby .
A man in blue playing with his dog outside in a park .
The elderly lady is at the market
A human cooks food while others consume food in the background .
A group of people stand on rafts .
A group black children sit at a table with their new colorful laptops .
A group of black children with colorful laptops are sitting at a table .
Dogs playing on bed .
Two dogs wrestling with a sheet on a bed .
A person is working .
A person replaces letters on a marquee , as to not embarrass the theater for it .
People are walking up a mountain .
The woman looks on as she holds a drink .
A man wearing a horned hat poses for a photograph
A man is drinking beers
the woman is sitting in the park .
Children have painted faces .
a girl wearing a dress eats marshmallows
The guy with a hat is using a skateboard .
Children attending to a animals needs .
A woman in an orange sari is a passenger on a motor cycle .
Man playing music
There is a group of kids .
A gloved young man is working on a wired device .
A woman carries a delicious looking decorated cake .
The man plays a percussive instrument .
A person is bowling .
A lady wearing white who only has one leg has stopped to read a poster .
Soccer players are jumping .
A young man is standing on two scooters .
the man is talking
a man is giving a presentation
People dancing
An entertainer is tickling the ivories .
A man is playing on an electric guitar .
A man is taking a picture .
A girl is outdoors .
Three workers bent over
A person is sitting near portable toilets .
A woman uses a tool .
A woman is resting .
The Japanese person with spiky blond hair wearing a jacket .
a man is pole vaulting
tourists looking out of glass elevators .
People in elevators .
Six people are employed .
a boy coloring
A man is sitting .
a guy relaxing outdoors
Two people exercise indoors .
The girl is seated near water .
A young boy in a cowboy hat is holding some food .
A man and a woman are dressed in semi-formal attire .
Four people are together
The man near the water .
A female is smoking while having her picture taken .
A dog with a red object in its mouth is hurrying down a path near another dog .
A dog runs along the edge of a pond outdoors .
A man is wearing green
Children are getting their picture taken .
The dog is having fun in the water .
A man is standing on a snowboard .
A man has a light colored uniform .
Young man is engraving into a stone .
The little girl can walk .
He is climbing the cliff
The cliff is covered in ice
A dog carries a stick across the grass .
A man is running .
The woman is near the microphone .
An old bearded man plays an instrument on the side of a sidewalk .
Two humans are playing instruments .
A man playing the violin entertains on the sidewalk .
Several persons were at their desks working diligently at their computers
Girls are dressed in the same color .
A man is inside a store .
group of people walking the snow toward a mountain
The people are going inside .
A girl in a small swimming pool .
The dog is carrying a stick
A man wearing black clothing is standing around at an empty table that has water glasses and papers strewn about .
A man is standing around .
Humans trying to fish .
Group of men casting a net .
A group of professionals are speaking with a girl on a balcony .
The sleds carry the people along the road
The people are near a building .
Two men are on horses .
A dog in the snow .
A man is bitten by a dog while training the dog .
A boy accepting a baton in a race .
People are walking .
The dresses vary in color in this photo .
The child is looking at us .
There are people helping a child .
There is a competition .
The group of people has a person doing a dance performance .
A human is climbing outdoors .
A group of women are bathing .
A woman is drinking from her water bottle with her feet in the water .
Two people are looking from above .
Men are at an old house .
A woman is carrying bags .
People are waiting at a voting booth .
People are waiting to vote .
A solitary cat .
The man is on a sidewalk .
The boy and girl are riding bikes .
A man is fishing .
A person with a wrench
The person is falling to saftey with the parachute
A baseball player slides into a base .
A group of people talking to each other .
A group of people interacting .
A boy in the company of other people
a man talks to a group of people
Cheerleaders performing a cheer .
Kids eating .
Four men ride in a fast boat .
A casually dressed man is drinking water .
The man is drinking liquid .
Some kids are working .
Some boys repair a bathroom .
A man punches another man .
A woman is casting a shadow .
The car is not moving .
Fresh fish are for sale at an outdoor marketplace .
There are two men .
There are two dogs outside .
A person crosses a field in the distance .
A child goes down a slide .
There is a street with a boy running
A man wearing a white shirt under an umbrella is waving .
Several service men are carrying a cross on Easter .
Several men in uniform carry a cross on Easter .
a young oriental girl is building and painting
A lady and three kids .
The boy is wearing clothing and eating .
The elderly people are strolling outside .
A girl is walking outdoors .
The men are young
Her clothes are bright .
The people are singing .
The people in the photograph often work outside .
A biker jumps over dirt hills in a white shirt .
A person jumps over hills with his bike .
Girls are laying in the grass .
A woman having her photo taken .
A man does some work while sitting outside at a park .
A heavyset man in a hoodie works in a laptop while outside .
A blond woman walks in light clothing .
A person is singing into a microphone .
the cottage is near where the dog is running
A swimmer is getting out of a pool
The man is in the water .
A uniformed individual of asian descent retrieves a birdie
Woman is the center of attention .
A nurse at work .
A man in black is playing an instrument .
A boy is outside .
Kids pose for a camera .
the lady is getting food under the tent
There are two people outdoors .
Some dogs looking
Two guys are dressed for hockey .
There are people facing away from the camera .
A band is playing for a crowd .
The sun is shining .
An athlete has just made a shot with his golf club .
Smiling girl wearing sunglasses .
A person is playing soccer
Two dogs are outside .
There is a lady wearing a purse .
There is a man walking .
The young man is moving .
A woman is using her tennis racket .
The teams play against one another during a volleyball game .
There are two men in this picture , and they are outside .
Two people are singing .
Leaving the amusment park .
A young girl washing a car .
A boy and dog play outside .
There 's a crowd of people at the park , and a big dog gets in into the act , catching a Frisbee in its mouth .
a man holds a flag
A man attempting to purchase another car .
The dog is embraced by the woman
A skater is on the ice .
A woman is cooking .
A crowd of people are on a street
A child holds fireworks in the dark .
Children are on a slide .
A person in a vest
Football players are dirty .
Two men are at the lake
a man speaks to a woman
Skier in red suit walking up the hill .
The man is happy by the sight of the food before him .
A man in a store .
The day is gloomy and poorly lit .
A bridesmaid is giving a toast .
The lady is wearing red .
A dog is running .
A man outside .
The group of people are looking down .
The group of people are near the edge of the ledge .
A mother works peacefully on making a beautiful and colorful mat while her son admires her skills .
A mother works in peace .
A man is holding a gun .
Foreigners are assembled at a market .
Some people are assembled at the market .
Men in a sports team play on the field
A dog is running outside at the beach .
A dog is running outside .
A man wearing pants and shirt working on a sign .
A woman gets out of the pool .
A lady is on her cellphone .
Women are outside in front of a stand .
A small boy is in a pool .
A child is playing in a pool .
Two female basketball teams are both trying to win the game .
Two female basketball teams are playing a game inside of a building .
Multiple people are on a subway together , with each of them doing their own thing .
A person pushing a cart
A woman is sitting .
A woman is sitting on a bed .
Races can be long and tiring .
A woman is eating at a diner .
The girl is lifting the other girl .
A gentleman in a striped shirt gesturing
Several fireman are working on a gray roof .
An accordion being played by a man on the street .
A street performer with his accordion .
The couple are out walking their dogs .
City workers are moving traffic cones through the snow .
A man is outdoors .
The snowboarder has gotten air .
A person is playing a drum .
a woman singer is singing
a man carries the 2012 olympic torch while being followed by a car
a boy on his skateboard
A redhead is talking to her friends .
The small group stands outside on a stone street
A small group of adults and children stand on a cobblestone street .
The car was nearly hit by a train .
a woman is reading a book .
Four people look at objects under a microscope .
Two women are looking at bread .
They are in a boxing match .
A man talks on a cellphone .
A man is outside .
The man in the jacket sat on the street playing an instrument .
People are playing baseball .
A woman in a plaid shirt smiling on a crowded sidewalk
Elderly woman peers at an object .
a child with a skirt and red stands in an art fair
Some women are in a lab setting .
There are two boys making chalk drawings outside .
Two boys are drawing pictures .
This firefighter is on duty .
Someone is playing with fire .
The woman is painting
A bunch of people moving briskly on a cold day
Two men are in a room .
A woman is listening to music .
A person with a scarf
Kids are playing in a park
Two small children open presents .
A hockey game is happening .
A person enjoying the snow on a mountain
There are three children .
A person is chasing animals .
A person is wearing glasses .
A man and a woman stand under an umbrella .
The man is painting something .
A policeman is herding pedestrians .
Three children play wiffle ball .
Three persons play some game .
A group of people are around a food of table .
People stand in line for food .
The man and woman are outside .
There is a dog standing outside .
The child is working on an art project .
the police are sitting
People watch on as a skater does a trick
A person with a skateboard is performing a trick on a ramp near some people .
A man is performing motorcycle jump across the finish line while his friends cheer him on .
A person is on a motorcyle with spectators .
The carousel is moving .
People in a water fountain
