Two women are embracing while holding to go packages .
Two young children in blue jerseys , one with the number 9 and one with the number 2 are standing on wooden steps in a bathroom and washing their hands in a sink .
A man selling donuts to a customer during a world exhibition event held in the city of Angeles
Two young boys of opposing teams play football , while wearing full protection uniforms and helmets .
A man in a blue shirt standing in front of a garage-like structure painted with geometric designs .
Under a blue sky with white clouds , a child reaches up to touch the propeller of a plane standing parked on a field of grass .
A woman is doing a cartwheel while wearing a bikini in the sand next to the beach .
Two men on bicycles competing in a race .
A young boy in a field of flowers carrying a ball
A senior is waiting at the window of a restaurant that serves sandwiches .
Man in a black suit , white shirt and black bowtie playing an instrument with the rest of his symphony surrounding him .
Two women having drinks and smoking cigarettes at the bar .
Two doctors perform surgery on patient .
A white dog with long hair jumps to catch a red and green toy .
Kids are on a amusement ride .
A man in a black shirt is playing golf outside .
A older gentleman finds it humorous that he is getting his picture taken while doing his laundry .
An Indian woman is washing and cleaning dirty laundry at a lake and in the background is a kid who appears to have jumped into the lake .
A man in a green jersey and rollerskates stumbles as a man in a black jersey appears to collide with him .
A group of onlookers glance at a person doing a strange trick on her head .
A taxi SUV drives past an urban construction site , as a man walks down the street in the other direction .
People wearing red shirts are standing in a large pool of water as it splashes over and around them .
A man in a white t-shirt takes a picture in the middle of the street with two public buses in the background .
A shirtless man is singing into a microphone while a woman next to him plays an accordion .
Women and children sitting outside in the shade while a group of younger children sitting inside in the shade .
A pregnant lady singing on stage while holding a flag behind her .
The two farmers are working on a piece of John Deere equipment .
The two farmers are working on a piece of John Deere equipment .
A little boy in a blue shirt holding a toy .
A woman is writing something on a post-it note which is hanging on a bulletin board with a lot of other post-it notes .
A baby at the end of a slip and slide at a party
A baby at the end of a slip and slide at a party
A girl swings high in the air .
A view of the back of a woman having a beverage .
A lady sitting on a bench that is against a building and under a poster of a man in a uniform waving .
A man with a shopping cart is studying the shelves in a supermarket aisle .
A man wearing sunglasses is sitting on the steps outside , reading a magazine .
A woman sitting outside weaving a long piece of red , white , and blue cloth .
A person powerwashing stairs leading down to a pool .
A person powerwashing stairs leading down to a pool .
A person rides his bicycle in the sand beside the ocean .
Two black little boys hanging over an upside down bicycle , one examining the pedal .
A brown a dog and a black dog in the edge of the ocean with a wave under them boats are on the water in the background .
A group of people prepare hot air balloons for takeoff .
Men stand on steps leading out of a body of water
A long-beaked bird in mid-flight .
A man in the middle east with a corn-on-the-cob cart selling corn .
A man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
A man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
Colorfully dressed people walk down the center of the road , with onlookers behind a barricade .
A woman is talking on the phone while standing next to a dog .
Three young boys one is holding a camera and another is holding a green toy all are wearing t-shirt and smiling .
5 women sitting around a table doing some crafts .
Street performer with bowler hat and high boots performs outside .
A young boy playing in the grass .
Two men playing baseball with the one in the black and red jersey running toward base .
A man and a woman are looking at produce on display .
People are throwing tomatoes at each other .
People standing in line of a beer and curry line .
A man and a woman are talking in a park
A small ice cream stand with two people standing near it .
Number 916 is hoping that he is going to win the race .
Girl plays with colorful letters on the floor .
Two men are cooking food together on the corner of the street .
A man wandering in the desert as the clouds roll in .
A lady with bright orange hair walking in a crowd .
A man running a marathon talks to his friend .
A lot of people walking outside a row of shops with an older man with his hands in his pocket is closer to the camera .
A barefooted adolescent boy in a yellow shirt reaching the top of a small skateboarding ramp .
A group of children enjoy their time on the beach .
A small baby , possibly a newborn is being bathed by a person in blue scrubs wearing protective gloves .
An asian woman sitting outside an outdoor market stall .
An older gentleman enjoys a scenic stroll through the countryside .
A middle-aged man is sitting indian style outside holding a folded paper in his hands .
Number 13 kicks a soccer ball towards the goal during children 's soccer game .
A man sits in a chair on the sidewalk in front of a huge display of brightly colored artwork .
A young child is jumping into the arms of a woman wearing a black swimming suit while in a pool .
A guy waxing a wooden floor with wax .
This is the image of two Asian men squatting near a mop-pad .
This is the image of two Asian men squatting near a mop-pad .
A man uses a projector to give a presentation .
A young barefoot girl in a pink dress is jumping outside .
Four guys with guns and army gear .
A man is a safety suit walking outside while another man in a dark suit walks into a building .
A man is a safety suit walking outside while another man in a dark suit walks into a building .
A man poses for a photo in front of a Chinese building by jumping .
A couple bows their head as a man in a decorative robe reads from a scroll in Asia with a black late model station wagon in the background .
A couple bows their head as a man in a decorative robe reads from a scroll in Asia with a black late model station wagon in the background .
A boy looks surly as his father looks at the camera .
A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride .
A man is reading a newspaper in a car dealership .
A carefully balanced male stands on one foot near a clean ocean beach area .
A man wearing a white shirt is playing the drums .
Three women in dress suits walk by a building .
two people are waiting for a train at a station .
A man in a black shirt is smiling at a woman in a black shirt what a tattoo and a eye brow ring .
A goalie in white runs for an approaching ball while the opponent in red who kicked it waits .
Two men sitting on a subway are reading , with coats and scarves on , but have seemed to have lost their pants .
kids drawing something on paper
A young woman is singing into a microphone .
Three elephants , each carrying a group of people , walking through the water .
A diver is swimming with a turtle .
A man with a beard skateboarding and a boy with a blue and black backpack riding a green bike in the background .
A young boy reaches for and touches the propeller of a vintage aircraft .
Indian people dressed in magnificent bright colors conduct a ritual .
Two little girls ride an inflatable dinghy down a purple water slide .
A restaurant front line , with a warmer in the front and a person in a red Coca Cola shirt cooking .
A woman walks by a brick building that 's covered with graffiti .
Young girl with dark hair facing camera and holding a paper bag while wearing an orange shirt and multicolored butterfly wings .
A boy in overalls blows bubbles .
Two children playing on the floor with toy trains .
Three men in a science lab watch one of them hold a burning object , one man on the side is reaching for the ground .
A white dog is chasing a stuffed animal being pulled on a string .
Two female workers sit on some steps during work .
Two female workers sit on some steps during work .
A man in a blue shirt , jumping down a hill in a park .
A man in a blue shirt , jumping down a hill in a park .
Two boys stand in an ocean as the sun sets .
Four girls are dancing in matching outfits at a street festival .
A small group of children are standing in a classroom and one of them has a foot in a trashcan , which also has a rope leading out of it .
A child is looking out of a door .
A boy in a baseball cap jumps over a flight of stairs .
A man is sitting in on the side of the street with brass pots .
A man in a blue windbreaker jacket , laying face down on a park bench , with a liquor bottle nestled by one of the bench 's legs .
A woman is using clothespins to hang up laundry outside on a laundry line .
A dog reaches to catch a ball with its mouth .
A young boy is sitting in a green tunnel
The little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street .
Four young men sit on the floor close to a television that is showing Elmo from Sesame Street .
Dinner and decisions , with the crew .
Woman wearing a white donkey costume while talking to a man .
A boy and a girl in jackets gaze in a clothing store window .
People dressed in costumes walking down a street .
A person in a blue plaid shirt is writing on a chalkboard .
This mother and her daughter and granddaughter are having car trouble , and the poor little girl looks hot out in the heat .
A large group of people are gathered outside of a brick building lit with spotlights .
A man plays the french horn as his pianist plays the supporting melody on stage .
A man with a white towel wrapped around the lower part of his face and neck .
Man walking with tall buildings with reflections behind him .
Excited children pass their parents on their way from the parking lot .
Excited children pass their parents on their way from the parking lot .
Two boys are holding red kites with water in the background .
Dog herding cows
Men and women walking down a sidewalk next to a garden .
a man is swimming inside of a pool
A hispanic fruit market with many different fruits and vegetables in view on a city street with a man passing the store dressed in dark pants and a hoodie .
A hispanic fruit market with many different fruits and vegetables in view on a city street with a man passing the store dressed in dark pants and a hoodie .
A black and brown dog walks in the shallows of a large body of water .
A man jumping sideways in the ocean .
A woman with a bright red umbrella is jumping high in the air , she has on a knit hat and black shirt and colorful boots .
A teenage girl in winter clothes slides down a decline in a red sled .
A teenage girl in winter clothes slides down a decline in a red sled .
Three men with blue jerseys try to score a goal in soccer against the other team in white jerseys and their goalie in green .
A dog leaps into the air in a grassy field surrounded by trees .
A man with a large power drill standing next to his daughter with a vacuum cleaner hose .
Three girls are standing together in a room , one is listening , one is writing on a wall and the third is talking to them .
Three children dressed in winter clothes are walking through the woods while pushing cargo along .
Three children dressed in winter clothes are walking through the woods while pushing cargo along .
A man is sitting outside wearing blue pants .
A woman is looking into a mirror , brushing her hair .
Two players are on a wet field and one is on the ground .
Two players are on a wet field and one is on the ground .
A little baby with dirty fingers and smudges on her face points to her blue eye .
A couple sitting in white lawn chairs are smiling at the camera .
Five people are sitting on horses at a rodeo .
Nine women in white robes with hoods walk on plush , green grass .
A man in a blue shirt is in a lab looking into a microscope .
An indian man walks past a temple on his way to pray .
An indian man walks past a temple on his way to pray .
Masked actors perform traditional Japanese theater .
A man in a green Celtic sleeveless jersey shirt and short stone washed jean shorts sitting and eating .
A middle-aged man 's shaving his beard in a room with white walls which does n't look like a bathroom .
Young man walking dog
A woman in a patterned shirt hands a plate of food to another woman in an apron , while two women work in the background .
a large house with three stories and 3 matching balconies , with one person standing on each balcony overlooking onlookers .
One woman with a dark coat on walking by herself in a city .
A man with a hat , boots , and brown pants , is playing the violin outside in front of a black structure .
Two people embrace on the end of a dock .
Two kids are standing in the ocean hugging each other .
A crowd of people are watching hot air balloons inflate .
A little girl with a hat sits between a woman 's feet in the sand in front of a pair of colorful tents .
A dog licks his nose .
A man and women are dancing together on the street .
A brown dog is laying on his side on a beige carpet , with a green object in the foreground .
A girl with brown hair and a brown shirt is building a gingerbread house .
A black dog in front of a waterfall .
A girl in a striped black and white sweater holds on to her friend who is bent over wearing a hooded black sweater and torn blue jeans .
Two girls with long brown hair sit on the floor with a view from the window behind them showing a town .
Man in a military outfit handing something in a plastic bag to a group of children outside near a brown building .
A man and a woman sit on a deck under a blue sky that is about to be overtaken by tumultuous clouds .
Two women stand on a beach and perform stretches or yoga together , facing towards the water and away from the camera .
People in a grocery store crowd around to watch a Tv , except one man who walks toward the camera .
A child holds a football and runs from other children .
A child holds a football and runs from other children .
A black man , wearing a cap , is sitting in a bus .
A man is walking away from tents with the word Camden on them .
Two women with badges are watching something .
A happy boy is jumping in front OD city fountain .
A boy walking away from two Camden tents with a group of people behind him .
A man rides a kicking bull in a bullpen .
Two kids on a boat , one with a paddle , and the other on the edge wearing a life vest .
Two basketball players in black and white outfits are standing on a basketball court , talking .
A man and a woman hug on a grassy hillside overlooking the countryside in the distance .
A man and a young boy are eating on a city sidewalk next to a cardboard box and a red shopping cart .
A young blond girl dressed in pink is lying on the floor next to some brown dominoes .
A man is holding a both a sleeping toddler and a sleeping baby on his lap .
People on a concrete area taking pictures .
Theses people is taking a picture of a pink pig lying on the ground .
A blond woman shows her profile in front of a white luxury car .
A musical group performing on a green carpet in front of small televisions .
Three workers are trimming down trees .
A young girl plays with a neon-colored Slinky in a crowd of people on a street lined with flags .
A young man attempts to pole vault over a bar , barely inches away from it mid flight .
People sit around a circular bar .
A woman is holding a sign that says honk to indict bush .
Police officer with riot shield stands in front of crowd .
A girl is using an apple laptop with her headphones in her ears .
A boy is standing at the edge of a wave with the sun setting or rising in the background .
Several men in protective suits are rolling a man on a gurnee .
A construction worker is standing on a crane placing a large arm on top of a stature in progress .
Two Asian children , a boy and a girl , the girl looking squarely at the camera and the boy making a face .
A man is jumping unto his filthy bed .
A gentlemen dressed in a purple shirt with a red apron selling items to eat at a sport event held during the day in the summer time .
Multiple women are wearing middle eastern outfits of gold , blue , yellow and red and performing a dance .
a couple is walking down the sidewalk with their dog .
Young players engage in the sport of Water polo while others watch .
Young players engage in the sport of Water polo while others watch .
Sidewalk vendor dressed in white shirt brown pants sells grilled corn .
Taller runner in orange and smaller one in blue run side by side around track in crowded stadium .
man grilling fish on barbecue
The quarterback of the UTEP football team is about to be tackled by a member of the Wisconsin defensive team .
A kid in a red and black coat is laying on his back in the snow with his arm in the air and a red sled is next to him .
A cyclist in neon yellow uniform rides past spectators behind a yellow banner reading `` Lotos . ''
Young man running towards a tennis court while another is waiting in the other side of the net .
A white-haired man in a white shirt looks at information in an orange-red binder .
A group of people standing in the snow with a mountain in the background .
A group of Indian men clean a little girls shoe with a toothbrush and paste .
A young woman seated at a table on what appears to be a backyard deck holds a toddler , giving him a toy or bottle of some sort , while smiling into the camera .
Three men look on as two other men carve up a freshly barbecued hog in the backyard .
Three men look on as two other men carve up a freshly barbecued hog in the backyard .
A group is gathered outside holding flowers .
A woman is standing near the water , looks to be throwing something .
A little boy bowls in a carpeted hallway .
A young blond woman with braided pigtails and wearing blue biking gear is bicycle racing along a dirt track .
A little boy wearing a blue stiped shirt has a party hat on his head and is playing in a puddle .
A girl in red dividing colored tabs .
A young girl kisses a ring-bearing boy at a wedding .
A man with black pants on walks by a wall with unique art painted on it .
A girl in a pink tank top and her boyfriend sitting on stone steps .
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park .
A well built black man stands in the subway , listening to headphones .
A well built black man stands in the subway , listening to headphones .
A woman is holding a baby by a window .
A man and woman are sitting at a table in front of a sign that reads IL PORTO and two wine bottles and two wineglasses are on the table .
Two men wrestle on the floor in front of an group of young men .
Rugby player lifted to attempt a score against a red team defending .
Rugby player lifted to attempt a score against a red team defending .
A woman wearing a white baseball cap purple coat holding a poster .
A little girl in a red flowered dress with a tennis racket .
A little girl in a red flowered dress with a tennis racket .
A boy rides on a camel in a crowded area while talking on his cellphone .
There are three men in this picture , two are on motorbikes , one of the men has a large piece of furniture on the back of his bike , the other is about to be handed a piece of paper by a man in a white shirt .
Two black dogs are frolicking around the grass together .
A young girl wearing a pink coat plays with a yellow toy golf club .
A young girl wearing a pink coat plays with a yellow toy golf club .
A man wearing a yellow striped shirt laughs while seated next to another man who is wearing a light blue shirt and clasping his hands together .
Two men dressed in black practicing martial arts on a gym floor .
A young man in a white and pink striped shirt is riding in a horse and buggy down a paved road .
The woman is holding up the line with the fish that she caught in the lake with her bamboo fishing pole .
A woman wearing gray pants , a white blouse and a black vest is jumping with one hand in the air as she goes through an indoor stadium .
A shirtless man wearing a black hat and a scarf works on an anvil .
A brunette woman in a multicolored floral outfit and a pearl necklace is talking while holding a wineglass .
A soldier is handing a picture to a woman holding a Donald Duck bag .
A young boy in a gray and white striped shirt is playing guitar .
Professional women at the registration table of an event while men in suits look on .
A male soccer player has his foot extended as if he has just kicked the soccer ball while the ball flies through the air .
A man and a girl are both looking at something of interest .
A woman walks on a sidewalk wearing a white dress with a blue plaid pattern .
A man doing maintenance on the railroad tracks
Dog standing in grassy sand dune .
People protesting ICE raids in front of a school .
Two people work construction on the inside of a house .
There is a large group of people in front of Papa John 's restaurant .
A crowd watches a group of people dressed in yellow shirts perform .
A woman in black clothing runs down the street barefoot next to two people on bicycles and a female runner .
A man in a Santa Claus costume is sitting on a wooden chair holding a microphone and a stringed instrument .
A building that portrays beautiful architecture stands in the sunlight as somebody on a bike passes by .
A person dressed in red and black outside a cracked wall .
Two brown-haired men wearing short-sleeved shirts and shorts are climbing stairs .
Two brown-haired men wearing short-sleeved shirts and shorts are climbing stairs .
A young couple sit on the couch , the woman wearing a blue work shirt , her eyes half closed , while the man sits with his arm around her , looking towards the camera , in a gray shirt .
A medium sized brown dog jumping
A man in a white button up shirt , and a man in a brown button up shirt discussing something over a table of food .
Woman being photographed near a bicycle .
On the sidewalk , near the store 's entrance , a local entertains all , by playing the accordion .
Several bicycles parked and a couple walking together .
A man is on the ground taking his shirt off as a crowd watches .
A black dog is drinking next to a brown and white dog that is looking at an orange ball in the lake , whilst a horse and rider passes behind .
A young man in black pants and a gray shirt holds a skateboard with colorful decals upright while sitting on a gray stone block .
A toddler dressed only in a pamper is sitting on the floor playing with 4 `` car '' pieces to a train set .
Two teams of children , one green the other red , play each other in a game of Rugby while it rains .
A man and a woman are jumping in midair and holding hands , a cloudy sky in the background .
Five Women , wearing beautiful , colorful saris , in a circle , dancing with their hands raised and touching .
Five little boys are playing baseball .
A man in yellow , white , and blue bicycle clothing and helmet grimaces as he rides his bicycle .
Two older men standing in front of a store of sorts .
Two women playing field hockey on AstroTurf .
A goalie tries to catch a ball during a soccer game .
A woman wearing a red dress and head covering is standing outside of a building .
A man in his own world of him and his music just entertaining on the street corner .
A man in an orange vest is on the sidewalk playing a guitar and singing while others are walking down the sidewalk .
a man doing tricks on a motorcycle
A man in a bar drinks from a pitcher while a man in a green hat looks on and a woman in a black shirt drink from a glass .
A group of children playing and having a good time .
Inside the igloo , the young man gets ready for his overnight stay .
Two female basketball teams watch suspenseful as the basketball nears the basket .
A group of girls ride an ATV .
Man in brown and red checkered button up shirt and blue jeans makes a male and female laugh .
A girl with a purple sweater and a green headband is doing classwork in a classroom .
A young boy is looking into a silver cellphone while resting his light brown-haired head on top of a resting blond dog 's head .
The man is walking the bride down the aisle .
Three people are kayaking in dark waters .
Two children standing in the grass being sprayed by a hose .
A crowd on a city street watches a man flipping in the air .
Two brown dogs with green harnesses play tug-of-war .
Guy in a dark suit , with a cigarette in his right hand while talking on the phone .
There are two people running around a track in lane three and the one wearing a blue shirt with a green thing over the eyes is just barely ahead of the guy wearing an orange shirt and sunglasses .
A young adolescent is jumping into a pool .
A young man and young woman wearing backpacks are placing or removing an item from an old white tree snag , with other people standing or sitting in the background .
A woman stands at a podium with a slide show behind her .
A surfer is surfing catches a wave .
A man sleeping on the ground in a subway .
Two girls play with origami .
A photographer snaps a midair action shot of a snowboarder .
A man standing in front of a brick building .
An adult ballerina shows you children how to dance .
People in orange robes line up behind a man wearing sunglasses .
Two Children playing baseball at the park .
Two people are sitting next to a wood-stacked campfire at night .
A young girl in a white summer dress walks the outer edges of a large park fountain .
An older man sitting on a stool on the sidewalk playing a violin .
2 woman walking down the street next to graffiti
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck .
A guy singing on stage with a cool black shirt , while turning his microphone to the audience so they can sing along .
A hot-air balloon getting filled .
An Indian man standing on the bank of a river .
This crib contains a baby , stuffed animals , a box of matches , a cordless drill , a paperback novel , and a blanket .
Two guys and a woman standing and talking in a playground .
A man in a yellow shirt does East Asian calligraphy .
Two girls talk at an ice skating rink .
A group of people standing in front of a club .
A sleeping toddler has toppled out of his crib .
A sleeping toddler has toppled out of his crib .
Balding man in gray sweater plays with his dog .
The small girl is sitting in a harness , strapped to a tether , while others watch .
A black dog runs with a deflated ball and a tiny tire .
People are walking along the street .
A man is sitting in a chair and looking at something that he is holding .
An old women in a purple skirt is gardening with a old tool .
Two girls are on a street sidewalk and one is sitting .
Women are standing outside
A guy with long brown curly hair wearing a white t-shirt is looking into the camera with something in his mouth . a
A guy with long brown curly hair wearing a white t-shirt is looking into the camera with something in his mouth . a
The man in black has a condom on his head .
A woman is holding one young children with another standing next to her while a man is sitting by a small campfire .
A distant person is climbing up a very sheer mountain .
Four female children gather around a brown table to paint .
Two girls and a guy are involved in a pie eating contest .
A couple in bathing suits walk on a beach .
A basset hound is tied to a doorway in an alley in front of a man and woman .
A man in a plaid shirt and brown pants walking around town with one hand in his pocket .
A young man plays a racing video game .
A man napping on the ground with a shirt over his eyes with a person standing beside him .
A woman in a green skirt and white tank top singing into a microphone .
A man wearing blue jeans and a black shirt is talking to a man wearing white shorts while they are sitting outside in folding chairs on a patio .
A man with a gray shirt is rehearsing in front of a empty drum set .
A mom and son enjoying a day in the park .
A soccer game in a large area with 8 yellow players and 4 black players .
A child in shorts throws a snowball at a mountain .
Four children are dressed as clowns and dancers on a stage while another two children dressed as clowns are suspended from ropes .
People are getting money our of an ATM .
Here is a picture of someone doing diagnostics on a vehicle in the dark .
Young children and parents splashing around a public fountain .
A guy on a skateboard , jumping off some steps .
A little girl in a purple cap blows soap bubbles .
A man and a woman is walking with a dog across a beach
A woman in a long-sleeved shirt checks her phone as a man in a leather jacket passes behind her .
Two little girls play in a fountain .
A boy is posing next to his scooter .
Closeup of an elderly woman walking across a street with her male companion .
Two men wearing brown hats are doing work on a yellow house .
A man and woman and two small children are sitting in the floor with wrapped Christmas presents .
A dog catching a Frisbee .
A football coach guiding one of his players on what he should do .
Man donned in jeans and football jersey prepares a meal complete with mean and beer , at his kitchen counter as the sunlight pours in from the kitchen window .
A group of young women wearing black dresses stand in a row with three of them holding bouquets .
A girl in a red dress and white sneakers bouncing a tennis ball with a tennis racket .
A waitress is serving customers at a restaurant .
A man and woman are pictured from behind sitting close together on a couch while they play Nintendo DS
2 people in blue and purple costumes are looking at each other with a hill in the background .
A group of six people , men and women , hold up a pole in the middle of a forest while another woman monitors this action .
A man and his two sons purchase food .
A man is navigating a boat .
Several people are walking on a street and there is a large , blue crane towering and leaning against a building .
An older man looks over a younger man wielding an ax chopping wood in a fall setting .
A man in a hard hat and orange safety vest works on a machine in smoky air .
A young boy slides into home plate while playing little league baseball .
A man in a blue robe walking a herd of camels in the desert .
A girl is sitting in a chair blowing up a large yellow party balloon .
Three men gathered around a table of pink fish .
The tiny girl dressed in a butterfly ballet costume , waves her wand near a nutcracker statue .
A young girl performing the nutcracker .
Male crowd surfing at a concert .
Blue bus parked with back door opened as man in white shirt walk by it .
A dune buggy with one male passenger gets some air as it drives over a sand dune .
Someone holding a bag of oranges walking outside .
A dog plays with a ball at the beach .
This is a picture of three young men , dressed in suits with one on a bike , and of a young lady wearing a white dress .
A girl and boy are smiling in a green hallway .
A female dancer works on striking a pose .
A young girl sitting on a white comforter on a bed covered with clothing , holding a yellow stuffed duck .
Three people are wading in shallow water near a stone path and spraying fountains .
A baby smiles while swinging in a blue infant swing .
a girl at a wedding holding some orange flowers
There are three policemen on bikes making sure that the streets are cleared for the president .
There are three policemen on bikes making sure that the streets are cleared for the president .
The wrestler in white shorts is preparing to body slam his opponent in black shorts while the referee prepares to jump in .
A man and a girl sit inside a floating tube in the water .
The surfer crouches low and rides the wave .
Two people are walking down an isolated road .
Person with a black helmet and vest , with a white undershirt , riding on a motorcycle on the street .
A brown kid wearing jeans and no shirt is weaving a straw rug .
A small child sits in the water , holding on to a bit of wood while smiling for a picture .
Three women , two wearing red shirts and one wearing a purple shirt , and a man , wearing a light blue shirt , jump on a basketball court with balls in their hands .
Three women , two wearing red shirts and one wearing a purple shirt , and a man , wearing a light blue shirt , jump on a basketball court with balls in their hands .
A young girl has her hands in a tub of water with leaves in it .
Two toddler girls appear to enjoy basking on a pile of leaves as they smile for the camera .
A man in a red shirt is sitting at his desk with one leg on the desk , using a computer with two screens set up side by side .
A dirt bike rider riding through the woods over logs .
A girl is posing outside .
There is a room full of pictures all in the wall and a woman in a coat is looking back over her shoulders strangely .
A girl is feeding a goat .
The front of the cafe must remain free of trash if customers are to be enticed to enter .
Blurry people walking in the city at night .
A woman with short blond-hair smiling and singing into a microphone while a man in a striped shirt , further back , plays an acoustic guitar .
A group of people looking at menus in a white restaurant .
A woman sits in a chair under a tree and plays an acoustic guitar .
A person on a bicycle wears a helmet and jumps , soaring over the ground in front of a skyline and lake .
A person is climbing and has nearly reached the sign at the top
Man juggling apples while sitting on a couch with another man on one side and a woman on the other .
Two little girls and one little boy are running on the grass .
A person crouches under a yellow umbrella on the beach .
A boat docked on a river .
Man with black and white hair wearing a white shirt and long boots sweeps outside .
A group of young Asian men who are sans shirts and wearing identical black and white plaid pants with red belts are dancing and waving their arms in the air around a fire .
A woman with blond-hair is sitting at a table and talking to a man with glasses .
Two people , one in light jeans and a striped shirt , are playing pool .
A man is creating a sand painting on the floor .
Football players on a field in front of a crowd .
A man plays mini-gold on the SportsCenter set while two others observe .
Two dancers in azure appear to be performing in an alleyway .
A well safety equipment biker racing on the trail in a wooded area with number 569 on his bike
Two monks are visiting a big city .
A young girl in red pants looks at a window mannequin as people walk past .
A man curls up in an orange blanket on the street .
Men playing football .
An African-American football player , wearing jersey number 12 for the University of Oklahoma , throws a football to his left .
Man wearing a mask of an old man .
A band is playing on a stage while a lady sings .
A woman walks down the road in all black as she holds a red umbrella over her head in the rain .
A light brown dog with his tail in the air jumps of a pontoon toward the water .
An older couple is resting on a bench .
A group of people in white uniforms doing a show in the middle of the street .
Man in leather jacket reading a book .
Three men converse in a crowd .
Two men one in orange shirt , who is ahead , and one in green shirt running a race .
A person wearing a robe and a pointed hat is holding a basket of bananas .
children are playing with a mortar and pistil
A crowd gathers along the handrail of a boardwalk to watch young men leap into the air on the beach sand .
older men talking and standing around .
A man with white tennis shoes and an orange jacket , is sitting in a lawn chair .
Three women in festive dresses are dancing in a large city street while a large crowd is behind them holding up a banner .
A woman in a blue tank-top rides a blue bicycle in front of a crowd of meandering pedestrians .
A crowd of people walking on a pavement at night .
A couple is a standing together the woman is adjusting a flower on the man 's lapel and they are dressed in wedding apparel .
a woman applies makeup to a woman in black .
At a convention , a man takes a phone call behind the booth where he is selling things while others examine his merchandise .
One man dressed in a martial arts uniform kicks another man dressed the same way in the groin while an umpire and audience looks on .
A young boy in a Cookie Monster t-shirt sits on the ground on a fall day , holding a fallen leaf in his hand as an expression of joy lights up on his face .
A young boy in a Cookie Monster t-shirt sits on the ground on a fall day , holding a fallen leaf in his hand as an expression of joy lights up on his face .
A shirtless man is sitting on a chair on the sidewalk reading a book .
A man in a beige trench coat is walking in the rain .
A man and a woman are walking next to a flower display case and an escalator .
A young female student , wearing an owl t-shirt , works on an experiment by filling her test tubes .
An old man and a child walk together along a pathway near a building .
A woman prays while a young girl lights a fire
Two men pause on a rock while hiking in barren terrain .
A young dark-haired woman crouches on the banks of a river while washing dishes .
A man and woman are drinking at a bar .
Three sisters , barefoot in pink dresses and who range in age from preschool to teenager are pictured on a beach as they look out at the Ocean .
Three sisters , barefoot in pink dresses and who range in age from preschool to teenager are pictured on a beach as they look out at the Ocean .
A woman in a yellow dress transporting picked food from the fields to wherever it may need to go .
A woman in a yellow dress transporting picked food from the fields to wherever it may need to go .
A reson is in a blue canoe in front of some plants .
Five people in cowboy hats are on horses at a rodeo show .
A bunch of people are walking in a crowded area .
Four females wearing helments are riding on an ATV .
A race dog numbered six is midair .
A young man is riding a dirt bike while standing up .
A man and three kids walk up a paved hill .
A little girl in brown is playing with two hula-hoops .
A man walking in a crowd , draped in a Canadian flag .
Man with mustache plays violin .
A woman in a yellow shirt seated at a table .
Two black dogs on a snow covered ground , the ground appears blue in the background , one dog is jumping with feet off the ground .
A man punting a football as fans from the opposing team watch in the background
Little girl eating cake outside .
Two cyclist a man and a woman enjoy a leisurely bike ride on the cobblestone path .
Several men are sitting around a parking lot .
A woman in a blue jacket is drinking tea from a cup .
People working digging a hole .
A man is looking affected by results from his poker game .
Three young women pose for the camera at a parade .
Three young women pose for the camera at a parade .
Four young people stand in a circle conversing , while a man in white button-down shirt , coral colored pants and green hand bandage stands to the side .
Two men play basketball .
A hiker pokes his head out of a tent high in the mountains .
A middle-aged woman pretends to be a DJ as younger people point .
A young child wearing a pink top is with a female adult .
A young woman wearing a black shirt and black shorts jumps in the air at the beach .
A woman building herself a sand castle .
The elderly bus driver opening the door for a passenger who needs to get off .
Outdoors in front of a crowd , a man plays an instrument by blowing into pipes he holds up to his face .
A man performs in an outdoor space , with a lot of onlookers .
A Person in a dark shirt and shorts and a white helmet is jumping a bicycle over a mound of dirt .
A man on a scenic canoe trip .
Several toddlers in a room with many toys , a yellow lamp , a window , gray carpeting and paintings .
Several toddlers in a room with many toys , a yellow lamp , a window , gray carpeting and paintings .
Two race car drivers smile on a stage next to a female spokes model wearing a white dress and white and blue boots .
A man is leaning out of a window to paint some decorative iron white .
Two people sit facing away in a downtown scene with a motorcycle parked in front of a pool
A fisherman with his friend is setting up his pole .
A US Air-force member is handing off a little girl and her toy unicorn to a local citizen .
A cyclist is performing a jump next to a black advertising banner .
Reflections of people walking in a big city .
A young child is washing his hands with soap in the kitchen .
A man is on the side of a mountain and hiking around huge rocks .
A little girl in a blue dress and white shoes is sitting on her red toy tractor , in a dirt road near a fence .
A little girl in a blue dress is sitting on a red you tractor .
a blue and gray race car driving on a dirt track .
A bride wearing her bridal gown is taking pictures with her colorful wedding bouquet in front of cows .
A bride wearing her bridal gown is taking pictures with her colorful wedding bouquet in front of cows .
A man smiles while he holds a newborn in a church pew .
A brown dog is trying to retrive his orange ball that has fallen in a dirt hole .
A man in a white button-up shirt looks to the side while sitting at a table by the street .
A young girl in a pretty pink and white blouse and shorts is participating in a soccer game with other children .
A man is signing a guitar , whose owner is smiling and has a hat with lights attached to it .
A young man is pushing a lawn mower to mow the grass .
The kid is wearing a blue jacket and standing in shallow beach water .
Six children at a table with a green tablecloth , five female , one male , looking at the camera , plates and condiments at the table , two empty chairs , and red roses in the background
A woman in a white hat and red dress holding hands with a man in a black jacket with a flower in his upper pocket .
A group of woman wearing scarves on their heads crowd together next to a building .
A little girl planting her first flower in the sand .
A girl in blue rides a horse over a tall jump .
A horse and rider are in midair as they leap over an obstacle in a wooded area with another photographer snapping pictures .
Two girls riding on an amusement part ride .
Two girls on an amusement park ride smiling and laughing .
Two girls on an amusement park ride smiling and laughing .
A man and women walk atop a hill .
At a little league baseball game , an umpire calls `` safe '' as a player crosses home .
An old dusty car is half way in the brown water .
A long-haired brown and white dog carries a snowball in his mouth .
A young man in jogging slacks is checking information on his mobile devise while listening to something on a crowded commuter rail car .
A young man in jogging slacks is checking information on his mobile devise while listening to something on a crowded commuter rail car .
An african american woman with 2 young girls .
Several people wait to checkout inside a store with a warehouse looking ceiling .
Many people are in a cafeteria or restaurant , there are two workers wearing white and black who are taking their orders .
Three people and a white dog are sitting in the sand on a beach .
Young boy with tongue out hula hooping with two hula hoops in a crowded area , man in blue shirt stands behind him .
A group of women wearing bikinis are playing beach volleyball .
A man sweeping in the street .
Male in brown leather jacket and black slacks , looking down at his phone , leaning against a brown painted box .
Male in brown leather jacket and black slacks , looking down at his phone , leaning against a brown painted box .
A woman dressed as Dorthy from the Wizard of Oz smiling at a baby , standing above her on a table , dressed as an elephant .
Woman in a dress standing in front of a line of a clothing line , with clothes hanging on the line .
A woman is eating what appears to be a mussel .
Two kids begin to make a snowman on a sunny winter day .
A man in a green shirt is singing karaoke while a young woman with long brownish hair stands by and listens .
A man with a crop is trying to stay on a rearing horse .
Excavation of the ruins of a ancient temple .
A dog with big ears holds a ball in his mouth .
A man riding a red motorbike near a large crowd of people by some tents .
A woman in a wheelchair is talking to her friend while surrounded by other people walking in the park .
Old man with gray blanket on squatting against a wall
A black dog holding an orange object in the water .
A youth is kicking a soccer ball in an empty brick area .
Four men in red vests with crosses on them ski on a mountain .
Three young girls in uniforms stand in front of a whiteboard looking at one another with one girl holding her arm out to another girl while another girl sits in her uniform in front of classroom posters and maps .
A woman wearing a hat and a man covering his eyes sit on benches on a boat .
A man in a pink shirt is stealing an old couples bike , the possibility he is a loan shark collecting his dues are high .
A girl in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled , with a little boy behind her .
A street vendor selling his art .
A person on a bike is midair , twisting his body around the handlebars , with graffiti behind him .
A man with shoulder length dark hair sits near the rocks of a waterfront while holding a cigarette in his right hand .
A boy cooking on a grill .
Two commandos with gun by a staircase and an old man holding a hat is sitting on the stairs .
A brown-haired lady dressed all in blue denim sits in a group of pigeons .
An old woman in a sunlit room winds rough yarn into balls , the finished yarn balls placed in a pile to her right .
A group of girls in matching brown dresses and sandals dance in unison .
A smiling woman is playing the violin in front of a turquoise background .
A smiling woman is playing the violin in front of a turquoise background .
Two men , both have glasses , are wearing striped shirts are in the kitchen preparing a meal and washing up .
A man wearing shorts is playing an acoustic guitar while a person in the background looks the other way .
Many people are listening to a concert , and TV crew is recording the audience reaction .
A man in a park holding a ball .
A sports match is taking place between one team wearing the colors red and white and another team sporting the colors black and blue .
An older man with large patches on his jeans looks on as a young man swings an axe downward toward a tree stump .
Three ladies wearing dresses are bent down in a muddy creek gathering green plants .
A female basketball player dribbling down court .
A female basketball player dribbling down court .
a surfer is riding the waves whilst another surfer sits on his board waiting .
A middle-aged man works under the engine of a train on rail tracks .
A man in a dark shirt and overalls is squatting down on gravel and working on a railroad car .
A man in a dark shirt and overalls is squatting down on gravel and working on a railroad car .
A man in a dark shirt and overalls is squatting down on gravel and working on a railroad car .
A man standing at the front of the room is pointing up while several people who are seated look towards him .
A construction worker peeking out of a manhole while his coworker sits on the sidewalk smiling .
A group of children walking on a trail .
A boy in a colorful hat and red shirt holding a green seed at the beach .
A young women , in a black shirt , is holding a bike , while a young boy is holding a skateboard .
A white dog , a brown dog , and a black dog frolicking in a grassy field .
Two men sleeping on a park bench , slumped over each other .
Two men are listening to music through headphones .
A woman is smiling at a baby in a stroller in a meadow .
A woman carrying a shopping bag in front of Fisher 's Popcorn .
A young boy chases away two Canadian geese .
A young boy chases away two Canadian geese .
A person is standing on top of a snow covered mountain .
A well dressed man and woman wearing floral dress dancing .
A goalie is watching the action during a soccer game .
Two men pull a fishing net up into their red boat .
A man is wearing a hard hat and orange jacket standing in front of a red ladder .
Woman reading a book in a laundry room
Photographed from below , a somewhat husky man wearing a white and black windowpane-plaid shirt and dark trousers is holding a little boy who is wearing orange pants and a navy-blue shirt .
Indian women playing musical chairs with white woman .
women in a hat a making selling goods .
A festival displays two men dressed in red makeup and costume , while an older man has cream on his face .
A festival displays two men dressed in red makeup and costume , while an older man has cream on his face .
Two boys sitting and eating ice cream .
Three children play on the grass under a multicolored umbrella and wearing rainbow colored outfits .
A group of people on the street dancing to a four men playing various conga drums .
well dressed man and woman dancing in the street
well dressed man and woman dancing in the street
A woman in sunglasses making a pouting face while eating seafood .
A woman in sunglasses making a pouting face while eating seafood .
A woman in white and a man in black , with an earring , are kissing .
Two young girls looking at Barbie dolls .
A child in winter gear is hiding inside a cave made of snow while it is snowing .
A dark-haired girl in a spotted shirt is pointing at a picture while sitting next to a boy in a purple shirt and jeans .
A dark-haired girl in a spotted shirt is pointing at a picture while sitting next to a boy in a purple shirt and jeans .
two young children on a skateboard going across a sidewalk
Two fencers dressed in the sport 's traditional white suit and protective mask , practice their dueling .
People running down a two lane road .
The guys in white shirts horse around near a park .
A man is on the back of his friend .
Two women in bathing suits climb rock piles by the ocean .
Two women in bathing suit on large rocks at the ocean .
Someone is taking a brown canoe down to the lake .
Several people wearing foil crowns gathered around a table eating .
Man laying on a platform outside on some rocks .
A woman is sitting in a man 's lap in a brown armchair .
A golfer has just finished swinging his club .
A motorcycle rider is making a sharp turn .
A child turning a crank with benches behind him .
A young woman sits crosslegged beside her purse on the grass among a crowd of dogs .
A woman in a red shirt and blue jeans is walking outside while a man in a khaki jacket is right behind her .
A football player in a blue and yellow uniform is tackling another player in a white and gold uniform .
A man with a dark shirt and light shorts is standing next to a person wearing a light shirt on a sidewalk .
A surfer wearing a red shirt takes on a huge blue wave .
A person is surfing on a large wave .
Ample dark-skinned man looks back at camera from behind buffet .
A black dog runs along the green grass carrying a toy in its mouth .
Man relaxing on a bench at the bus stop .
An outside wedding ceremony for an asian couple under an umbrella , shielded from the blaring sun .
A man in a yellow excavator on a construction site .
Four people dine at a restaurant .
A young child with dark shoulder length hair , in a yellow shirt and pink pants , is walking eating cheerios out of a ziplock bag .
A group of people are gathered in the woods around trees and a ladder .
A volleyball player hitting a ball on the beach .
A man in hat and apron flipping over his pancake by tossing it in the air back to the pan .
A young child is enjoying the water and rock scenery with their dog .
An Asian teen is playing a game .
A man standing up in a rowboat with a bird perched on the boat .
Two dogs run around inside a fence .
A man is cooking pies in the oven .
A woman with blond-hair and blue boots walks among a crowd of other pedestrians on a city street , looking up at something .
A golden-colored dog , with his eyes alert , holds a brightly colored tennis ball in his mouth .
A baby crying about getting their diaper changed .
A young girl in a cute hat and pink sweater pushes a toy lawn mower in front of a bicycle .
A woman is tugging on a white sheet and laughing
The young girl cools off by sliding on the water slide .
Older Asian man , wearing orange robes in urban area .
People shopping at the marketplace .
Two people are sitting in a station .
Two boys are swimming underwater in a pool and a girl is swimming in the background .
these two ladies are reading a sign while shading themselves from the sun with their umbrellas .
A woman , viewed through a window , sits at a restaurant table and puts down a red shopping bag .
There is not an image here .
A bundled boy sleds down the slope .
Two men in uniforms are in soccer field behind a line waiting to play .
A woman playing with her cats while taking pictures .
A young woman dressed as a princess is waving to others from inside a ride where the carriage is a large replica of the Disney character , Dumbo .
A young woman holding a newborn in her arms while still wearing her hospital bracelet laying on a hospital bed .
Three young men are watching a tennis match on a large screen outdoors .
A large amount of persons flying kites in a park .
A man is taking pictures hanging outside of a red rally car .
A man in a yellow outfit , fixing something on the corner of a house .
A happy little girl rides on the merry-go-round .
The woman in the blue skirt is sleeping on a cardboard box under a picture of Mary and baby Jesus .
The woman in the blue skirt is sleeping on a cardboard box under a picture of Mary and baby Jesus .
Two men with fake mustaches are dressed like archaeologist explorers .
A blond woman is holding 2 golf balls while reaching down into a golf hole .
Two horse riders and three walkers are going down a dusty path .
A group of people dressed as a wizard , queen , and possibly a lobster smiling and looking at the camera .
In autumn , a man holding a box approaches a red truck in a parking lot .
Two dogs shaking themselves dry on the sand .
The skier is doing a flip through some trees
A man reading the paper at a cafe .
A man reading the paper at a cafe .
A young indian boy sitting down thinking about his future .
A police officer standing on a train .
Snowboarder sails in the air .
A brown dog with a blue muzzle is running on green grass .
A woman closes her eyes as she plays her cello .
A man wearing black pants , a black shirt , and an orange hat is using a nail gun to attach tar paper to a roof .
A male construction worker hammers a nail .
Water polo swimmers competing for a loose ball .
Water polo swimmers competing for a loose ball .
A dark-haired drummer is playing his set with enthusiasm .
A young man dressed in black dress clothes lies down with his head resting in the lap of an older man in plain clothes .
An Asian woman preparing vegetables for the market .
Two people look at two red motorcycles in a place where there are religious murals on the wall .
A team in yellow , red , and blue jerseys sit next to a road and watch a tiger mascot .
the front side of a food vendor in a park .
A woman wearing a scarf , hat , and coat , holding a shopping bag is looking at her phone while standing in front of a store .
A girl in a flower dress is running on sand .
A soccer player wearing white shorts and an orange and green shirt holds the ball while being guarded by another soccer player in a blue uniform .
A man in black reading a book for a group of people .
Male volleyball players in red attempt to score on the other team , lighter red .
There is a woman throwing daggers at a target , which is a carrot .
A woman in a green shirt and jeans throws a spear toward a target in the background painted with a carrot across a parking lot
Man wearing dark clothes walks down a street with a wall of graffiti to his left .
a group of people riding bikes in a marathon as people line the street .
Three women wearing belly dancing costumes are pictured in color while the background of the shot is in black and white .
Three women wearing belly dancing costumes are pictured in color while the background of the shot is in black and white .
A person in a yellow slicker is driving a motorboat next to the beach .
Two boys in green and white uniforms play basketball with two boys in blue and white uniforms .
Two boys in green and white uniforms play basketball with two boys in blue and white uniforms .
A referee is talking with a couple of soccer players in red jerseys .
A white and blue car is on the street .
A young boy is hanging onto a clothing rack .
A boy toddler play outside on a clothes rack full of tied dye shirts .
Two men are playing basketball , and one man is making a shot .
A man trying to block another man from shooting the ball in .
A man in a black coat eats a doughnut while other men look out of frame .
A woman in black , seen from behind , sits next to a body of water .
An orange car is driving across a steel bridge in a city .
A young man wearing black jumps off a height while people clap .
A Korean gentlemen kicks up his leg .
A man wearing yellow sneakers and a black vest is on a water board and hangs onto a waterski line that appears to be towed by a boat .
Two woman talk in the middle of a parking lot , near two cars , as random people wander nearby .
People are working with some white pipes .
A man talks on his cellphone in private .
A baby wearing a bib makes a funny face at the camera .
A brunette baby wearing a red and gray striped shirt , jeans , and a bib with fruit characters on it is sitting on a decorative blanket .
Two power walkers walking beside one another in a race .
A girl wearing makeup playing a bass .
A person is climbing a cliff wall that overlooks water .
A middle-aged man in a bicycle race trying his hardest on the sand surrounded by watching crowd .
Man on bike , with bike clothing and helmet on , having trouble maneuvering through sand from beach .
A person is wearing a helmet and protective clothing while riding a four-wheeled vehicle .
Three hockey players are in the middle of a play .
An infant is in a crib and crying .
Two children run up the street on the sidewalk near the building .
A large man dressed in black on a street corner by a red brick building .
Two men in animal print pants sleep on a white bed .
A woman in an orange shirt is enjoying food in a public setting .
Two dogs biting each other playfully while jumping
An audience cheers at a concert .
Lady vendor selling her goods , one man standing on a post , and two men in a wholesale store .
A guy tries to climb a stone cliff while his friend helps him .
A guy tries to climb a stone cliff while his friend helps him .
A group of people sit before a campfire .
A boy with a basketballs glowers at the camera .
A man wearing a blue hat and a blue shirt selling bananas from his wheel cart on the street .
A waitress with a pink shirt and black pants walking through a restaurant carrying bowls of soup .
A man wearing a white jacket and pink hat is speaking into a microphone while raising one arm above his head .
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee .
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee .
Three people are canoeing in a stream .
A skateboarder glides down a railing of some stairs .
A bride adjust her husbands flower on his coat as she holds her own bouquet of flowers .
Runners are competing on a track in front of a stadium full of people .
A small dog runs after a red ball , though a leafy outdoor area .
A man wearing a white shirt and an orange shirt jumped into the air .
Two asian men in a wood shop .
Man in while shirt and blue jeans holding hands while walking with a little girl in a blue dress and yellow hat .
4 people are lying down stacked on top of one another on a white sheet placed on the ground .
4 people are lying down stacked on top of one another on a white sheet placed on the ground .
4 people are lying down stacked on top of one another on a white sheet placed on the ground .
A jockey in blue gallops a chestnut horse on a dirt track past a wooden fence .
A jockey wearing a blue jacket is riding a dark brown horse in a gallop .
A man in a gray sweatshirt and blue jeans is pulling on a rope while a guy in a white shirt and black jeans watches him .
A man sitting on the ground carving a green coconut with a large knife .
Riot police are standing in the background while a young man with a red scarf covering his face is walking .
A person in a white t-shirt , military print cap and red bandanna with a skeleton on it covering most of the person 's face .
A man dressed in yellow rescue gear walks in a field .
A man in blue clothing carries a yellow bucket while walking in the water near a pelican .
A young woman tennis player dressed in black carries many tennis balls on her racket .
A young woman tennis player dressed in black carries many tennis balls on her racket .
Young brunette woman smiling in front of bushes .
People are gathered by a tree beside a line of white tents .
Boy , of age approximately 10 years old , lunging into pristine pool on hot summer day .
A dog carrying a stick in its mouth runs through a snow-covered field .
A dog carrying a stick in its mouth runs through a snow-covered field .
Construction workers using big hooks .
Construction workers using big hooks .
A football coach is walking on a football field .
A woman holding roses while she waits .
People mingling in the foreground and background , two of them are walking towards those in the background that are positioned nearby of a building that is overshadowed by a large number of trees , while the two in the foreground are tending to a horse drawn carriage .
A large busted woman in a yellow shirt has a pink shoulder bag on her shoulder .
Sheep farmers are crouching and preparing to feed their animals as the sheepdog watches closely by .
Sheep farmers are crouching and preparing to feed their animals as the sheepdog watches closely by .
A young boy playing in a bubble playing in water .
Two men standing near a metal structure in front of a brick wall .
A young child brushes his or her teeth while holding a remote .
Kids being walked across a lot by an adult to a larger building .
Two woman are walking up to a brightly painted fire hydrant .
Two woman are walking up to a brightly painted fire hydrant .
A fire hydrant with a face painted on it .
A man , with a green cloth over his face , rests with his arms crossed beside a tan wall .
A man with glasses in a brown shirt talking while a man with glasses in a gray shirt listens .
The horses pull the carriage , holding people and a dog , through the rain .
A badminton player from china is sprawled out on the badminton court with his racket close by .
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press .
Tall man being stopped by an officer .
Two young men in unusual clothing are jumping in a gym .
A little girl wearing a pink , yellow and white bathing suit , gets wet from a splash of water .
A young man standing on a plank of wood and using a large saw to cut it .
A town worker working on electrical equipment .
A nun is taking a picture outside .
A man in a white and blue jacket is talking to a girl in a black jacket .
A boy in a blue shirt looks away from the camera as a girl in a pink and orange bathing suit stares into the camera in front of an RV .
two girls sitting by a tree while playing .
A woman with tattoos and a black t-shirt smiles and talks to a man with a partially shaved head wearing shirt with the words ' hippie killer ' in white letters on it .
Two businessmen going to work .
A woman sitting on a bright blue bench looks up from her book .
Hockey players play a game on the ice .
A toddler in a blue one-piece plays with a stack of plastic tubs , while toys are scattered on the floor behind him .
A man with glasses and a Hawaiian shirt is standing next to a dog while another man with a blue hat looks at them from the back .
A man wearing a cap and a black wetsuit on a rocky coast lifts a large sack with three sacks in front of him with another man and a small yellow boat in the background .
A girl in a field with a yellow scarf .
The person in black T-shirt is sitting .
A guy on a waterskiing board is doing a stunt .
girl sitting in fire for a show
There are two shadowy men standing along side a stream that runs through a paved courtyard in front of some stairs .
A young girl with long brown hair is brushing her teeth .
Several people stopped by the side of the road are watching what is happening in the woods .
A fireman is on a ladder leaning on a charred and smoking house .
Man in red shirt about to have a barbecue
A costume worn by this little boy is making him feel a little insecure .
Two men and a woman finishing a meal and drinks .
A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat .
Two orthodox Jews , one male , one female , are shown in traditional dress in a sidewalk scene .
A man in a green safety jacket and pants stands , facing away , near bags of trash while people stand on the curb across the street .
Trying very hard not to blend any of the yellow paint into the white .
A man in a club addressing other people and holding his index finger up with a woman standing behind him .
A cowboy clown wearing a shirt with Tax on it , red suspenders , and a white cowboy hat talks into a wireless microphone .
Woman driving in a red convertible with another girl in the passenger seat and a guy in a suit in the backseat , driving past a group of people .
Two women and a man are in a sporty red convertible in front of a large group of people on the sidewalk .
Two wrestlers jump in a ring while an official watches .
Two wrestlers jump in a ring while an official watches .
Two families on a picnic with green grass .
A man wearing glasses is vacuuming an architects model .
AN older woman appears to read from a children 's book in an indoor setting , while a seated gentleman in a service uniform looks on .
A lady reading a story book .
A man performs a jumping trick on a skateboard and creates a shadow on the wall behind him .
A topless man with tattoos , black pants , and black boots is standing on a platform in front of a mirror .
A girl prepares herself for the swim meet .
An African American wearing a red backpack looks the photographer as he walks past a concrete wall covered in graffiti .
A man in a red hat and shirt with gray shorts attempts to do the splits .
A girl is standing and another one is sitting by a tree
Several children in full riding gear are on horseback in a grassy field carrying polo equipment .
Various people shop at a street clothing sale .
People are shopping outside surrounded by a metal fence .
People are shopping outside surrounded by a metal fence .
Four people are looking at something on the wall in a waiting room .
A well dressed man standing in front of an abstract fence painting .
A man in a gray wife beater grilling .
Two boys in a field kicking a soccer ball .
A black dog running in the snow by some trees .
Two men help an injured player on the field .
Two men help an injured player on the field .
Man playing golf indoors with coat on .
A man dressed in a bronze suit , wearing bronze colored glasses , is accompanied with a bronze old fashion movie camera , motions taking a movie .
The brown dog has a hold of the other dogs cheek with its teeth .
Boy wearing a blue hoodie jumps over a stair railing .
Boy wearing a blue hoodie jumps over a stair railing .
Couple watching the moon on a bridge .
A runner in a yellow shirt is running a race .
The baseball player wearing the `` Irish '' uniform prepares to throw the ball to his teammate as the umpire watches closely .
The baseball player wearing the `` Irish '' uniform prepares to throw the ball to his teammate as the umpire watches closely .
Two oriental lizards are fighting for dominance in a small pond
A young boy with blue shorts , at an indoor pool jumping into the water .
A group of people standing in the street .
A biker gets high in the air against a skyline .
A man is sitting beside a bunch of material while sewing .
A dread-locked photographer in a suit takes pictures of a group of young children sitting on the ground .
A black dog walking through water .
A man in glasses and a striped shirt walks down the street with one hand in his pocket .
a man with a cigarette in hand is looking at a car in front of him .
Three adults and one child are waiting outside of a building , perhaps a school .
A boy poses in karate form and uniform .
A boy poses in karate form and uniform .
The young girl wearing a pink shirt is putting a box , with a drawn face and bow , on a shelf along with other food .
A man is doing tricks on a skateboard .
This land race gets a little wet and wild .
A man in a navy polo shirt snaps photos at a golf course while a crowd of spectators looks on in the background .
A male is placing an order in a deli .
A baseball player sliding into home as the opposing team 's catcher awaits the baseball for the out .
A man wearing a brown shirt and green pans is pulling a rickshaw down a street
Two small children are gathering water from a large container .
A man is singing on stage with his fingers in a stuffed bear 's nose .
Two women , one wearing a scarf and the other wearing a broad brim hat , pound what may be food , on a primitive table with wooden mallets
The two people are on the end of the dock with a boat behind them , and they are surrounded by water .
Two dogs , one lying down , play in a yard .
Two Olympic martial arts competitors go after each other in an international martial arts spectacle .
A red-haired clown cries streams of tears in a white hat on stage .
A woman walking across an old rope and driftrood bridge between mountains .
A woman walking across an old rope and driftrood bridge between mountains .
Several people mill around a sidewalk in front of a building looking as police put up crime scene tape .
A young man smiles and points at something off-camera , while standing in front of a display .
A dog runs along the ocean surf .
A teacher is talking to a classroom full of children .
A city street performer with long gray hair sits on a green bucket , two woman look on behind the man .
A person wearing a yellow shirt stands between two waterfalls .
A photographer with bushy dark hair takes a photo of a skateboarder at an indoor park .
A woman and man are cutting a large cake .
A woman and man are cutting a large cake .
Weekend barbecue with some fish .
Weekend barbecue with some fish .
two people playing baseball one running and one throwing a ball .
Boy jumps in desert while others watch and take photo .
Three young men in blue jeans are gathered inside a wood-paneled room , one of them handling a crossbow .
Three boys in a wooden-paneled room , one inspecting a bow .
A middle-aged male wearing a baseball cap , a shirt inscribed orange county traders and white towel tucked under his belt and preparing a meal in hibachi style .
A family stands in a paved courtyard in an park in fall .
A bearded man in a light blue shirt peers through a magnifier to work on something that rests on a white paper box .
A small child in a coat looks out over the lake of a park in the fall .
A puppet show consisting of humans standing on tall sticks .
A woman runs along a rocky shore .
A man in a black jacket and blue jeans carries a bouquet of red roses along a city sidewalk past a bus stop .
a large group of people standing behind a podium on the stairs of a congress building .
A black dog leaps out of the water .
A girl in a red top is holding slips of paper .
A man wearing a hat , glasses and a painted mustache standing in a crowd of Asian people holding up a stick .
A man in a red hat and blue jacket in a protest is holding up a tablet that talks about God and judgement .
A father helps his son ride a bike across dry , and dusty dirt accompanied by his sister adorned in a green dress .
A father helps his son ride a bike across dry , and dusty dirt accompanied by his sister adorned in a green dress .
A woman is sitting in a chair filling out some paperwork .
An Asian girl writes down something on a notepad in her lap .
A man with a blue shirt and a woman with a red shirt , the woman smiles .
A woman is sitting and staring on a red bench near a building .
Two men performing in a music group .
A young boy with sandy blond-hair and white and black soccer uniform kicking for the goal while parents look on .
A young boy with sandy blond-hair and white and black soccer uniform kicking for the goal while parents look on .
Young boy kicks a soccer ball towards the goal as the crowd watches .
A guy playing an accordion with people listening and watching .
Two people sit on a bench leaned against a building with writing on it .
A male and a female with a black hat , and sunglasses stop and talk .
Two elderly men are sitting on a boat that appears to be traveling down a river in the middle of the forest .
Four speed skaters representing different countries are racing across ice in front of camera people .
A blond-hair boy holding a toy airplane is in front of what looks like a colorful toy monster .
Two people watch TV from over a white ledge .
One football player wearing an orange jersey and one wearing a white jersey are set at the starting line .
One football player wearing an orange jersey and one wearing a white jersey are set at the starting line .
A large group of people stand outside on a road while people on a higher level look on at them .
A large group of people stand outside on a road while people on a higher level look on at them .
Four older men are playing musical instruments in a park by a wall in traditional costume .
Asian man giving thumbs up on street .
A city street with people in front of a mountain back drop .
There is a white building , with several people and a mountain nearby , and four automobiles .
A man standing behind a small ice cream cart on a street corner .
a tan dog jumping over a red and blue toy
A group of women are trying to sell their vegetable harvest .
A man playing a unique violin while looking up at the ceiling .
A dark-skinned man smoking a cigarette near a green trashcan .
Six children splashing in an outdoor water park .
A woman in black framed glasses peruses a photo album while sitting in a red wicker chair .
A young man in front of a grill laughs while pointing at something to his left .
A young man in front of a grill laughs while pointing at something to his left .
A young man in front of a grill laughs while pointing at something to his left .
Show dancers performing in sync with purple background lights .
A young child sits on the floor and leans against a map to eat .
images are missing images are missing images are missing images are missing images are missing images are missing
Two women wearing white bathrobes relax on a couch with their feet kicked up on a coffee table .
The bride in the white dress is surrounded by the groomsmen and bridesmaids , all in black .
A young girl in a pink coat erasing words on a chalkboard sign .
A woman in a blue and black jacket looking at a sign by railroad tracks .
A man is holding a pile of newspapers in a lobby , and a woman next to him has taken one of the newspapers and is smiling .
The pitcher wearing black heaves the ball toward the catcher .
Male and female performers stand on stage holding microphones up to their lips and raising their hands in the sky .
As part of a manicure , a person has their nails filed to the proper length and shape .
As part of a manicure , a person has their nails filed to the proper length and shape .
3 people , one man playing a guitar while sitting on the floor and two people playing a game on a sofa .
A man is standing on the sidewalk , playing a guitar and singing , with a container of tips by him .
a snowboarder jumps over a barrel .
One young boy is sitting outside on a cool day blowing bubbles .
Man in skeleton-printed leather outfit sitting astride a red motorcycle .
A Black woman on the street is talking on her cellphone .
A girl in a purple sweater and a shoulder bag is looking to the side with a lot of people behind her .
A woman in a purple sweater has an odd look on her face .
A man in a blue t-shirt is watching two women sitting at a table in the kitchen baking .
A man in a blue t-shirt is watching two women sitting at a table in the kitchen baking .
A black dog carrying a hanging flower pot .
Female runners from Japan , Germany and China are running side by side .
A cyclist rides down a rocky mountain .
A person is riding a colorful dirt bike on dirt hills .
A man with a black hat , a pair of glasses , and a long white beard sits next to a painting of himself .
A large brown and black dog jumps in the air holding a white Frisbee in its mouth .
Two men practicing a form of martial arts in a wooden-floored studio .
Two men practicing a form of martial arts in a wooden-floored studio .
A man in a red Vegas shirt sits a table playing with his camera .
A white dog is walking on a rocky hillside .
A young man with blond dreadlocks sits on a wall reading a newspaper as a woman and a young girl pass by .
A lady rows a canoe filled with things .
A couple is married in a church as guests look on .
Two little kids laugh on a blue swing .
A woman is captured midair into her leap with pyramids in the background .
A group of teenagers enjoying cooling off in a fountain of water .
Two cars parked on the side of a street with seven people doing different tasks on the sidewalk .
Men walk in line carrying things .
A father and son kicking a ball at a park .
Blond woman wearing a red shirt and white pants stands on a garbage can as she holds a camera .
A brown dog runs through a field .
Gymnast does a flip on blue flooring .
a brown and a black dog play in a field
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses .
Two young man are getting ready for a game of pool on a purple pool table , with another young man in the background , holding a drink .
Two yellow dogs are running side by side down a road .
A group of women are standing in front of a building .
A woman with a red and white piece of clothing draped over her arm rides a pink cruiser-style bicycle down a boardwalk .
Two girls smile for the camera .
Four boys are shown in a house playing and all wear t-shirts .
A black and a brown dog are running toward the camera .
A man walks away from a bright yellow , red and blue bounce house .
A football team getting ready for the coin toss in a half empty stadium .
A football team getting ready for the coin toss in a half empty stadium .
A smiling man wearing a football jersey is carrying a stack of video games .
A man wearing a plaid shirt and brown apron is standing in front of an open fire .
The dude at the party is raging !
Children use crayons to color sheets of paper .
Tractor doing construction work .
three people posing for the picture with big smiles and blood on the faces of two people
A man holding up a bright pink umbrella on a city street .
A man balances a ball on a Japanese umbrella .
A man with a tattoo on his left arm flips his food into the air with his frying pan .
a man with a tattoo on his arm cooking something in a frying pan .
The restaurant employee is preparing sandwiches in the highly decorated kitchen .
A red jeep hangs from the edge of a rocky cliff as a girl looks on .
A man takes a nap on the sidewalk in a busy city .
Man sliding down stair handrails on a bike .
A boy in jeans , black t-shirt , and blue cap on a bike , leaps over steps .
Dog running down paved walkway near a Japanese maple tree .
A girl with black hair and a green shirt has taken several bites from a fresh green apple .
A man jumps on another man while a crowd looks on .
A soccer team dressed in all black are gathered together on a soccer field where it is cold enough to see one 's own breath .
A soccer team dressed in all black are gathered together on a soccer field where it is cold enough to see one 's own breath .
Two children plus two dachshunds get ready for a sleepover .
A man is sitting with his brown and white dog .
A man and woman in a dark room with lights behind them holding drinks while a bright green light shines in their faces .
A man in his skateboard jumping over a grocery cart as his friends in the back watch .
Though frail looking , this turbaned woman is able to carry a large pot and a bound bundle of long sticks .
A girl wearing a red shirt and jeans is sitting in a rocking chair at a cluttered desk , while another girl wearing a black t-shirt and jogging pants is sitting on the floor writing on a piece of paper with other papers arranged around her .
a person cooking on a fire while a small child watches .
Two girls riding an amusement park ride .
A lady watching kids play on a tree .
A woman in a white skirt and training bra dances over a pile of leaves as a crowd of spectators looks on .
A man riding a dirt bike on a racetrack .
A man riding a dirt bike on a racetrack .
A skateboarder is performing a trick in the air .
In a Little League baseball game , the batter watches as the ball he has just hit flies off toward right field , with the catcher looking on .
Women standing at a podium with a crowd and building in the background .
An elderly saxophonist performing at an outdoor event .
A man and a woman in blue jog on the sidewalk while a man stretches on a park bench .
A husky and a black cat nuzzling .
A husky and a black cat nuzzling .
A female acrobat wearing a red and white striped shirt and blue pants performs on a pole .
Two women in bathing suits walks across the sand .
Group sweeping away leakage while bystanders look on .
Two construction workers complete a task near the ground while a third worker looks on .
A man lying on the ground as vehicles pass by on the road .
A young man in black and white striped shirt rests on the grass while traffic passes nearby on the road .
The elaborate Jesus shrine is being carried in a parade .
A float depicting religious imagery .
A man is rock climbing with protective rope .
Man with dreadlocks on a skateboard in the middle of the street .
Man with dreadlocks on a skateboard in the middle of the street .
Many people take pictures as a blond woman wearing a cover-up only costume holds a sign proclaiming `` Photographers Not Predators '' on a pier .
Man with dark shirt in work gloves and a helmet that has a yellow flashlight attached .
A man cutting metal with a tool .
A person wearing a striped shirt , headphones , and a headscarf watches a street with a large truck driving through .
A man and a woman seated at a table , having drinks and deep in conversation .
Here are a bunch of people enjoying dinner and chatting .
A little girl in a pink shirt about to cry
A person , surrounded by trash bags and wearing a conical shaped hat , is eating while sitting on purple and yellow colored steps .
A young man in a black shirt and an elderly woman in a pink shirt sitting on a train together .
A man in a black shirt sits next to an old woman in a pink shirt on a train .
A man in a black shirt sits next to an old woman in a pink shirt on a train .
A man in a purple suit sings and plays the guitar .
A man in a purple suit sings and plays the guitar .
Person in yellow shirt is cleaning the way .
A man jogs on green grass with bare feet .
Young girl sitting on bleachers .
A tan bird stands on a ledge about to eat something .
Two marathon runners running through a forest .
A man is using a long lens on a camera to take a closeup of a colorful , chubby man on a bicycle with a large maroon and white umbrella attached to it .
A young boy wearing a military sunhat catches a Frisbee outdoors .
Two people are surfing in the ocean .
Two people are surfing in the ocean .
An older man wearing glasses , striped shirt and green jacket carries a bouquet of flowers down a street .
Flaming are shooting from the rear of a race car .
These two dogs are outside , with one on the ground and one jumping in the air to get a ball .
Two dogs play with tennis ball in field .
Three people in traditional garb play bamboo instruments .
A man in a yellow and blue jeans is running through water .
A football player in a black uniform appears ready to tackle an opponent in a white uniform who is in possession of the ball .
A black limousine in front of a marble building with a crowd of people on the buildings steps .
A woman using a large camera while standing in the street .
A kid hitting a baseball in a baseball field .
A woman watching six televisions , while sitting on a hardwood floor in a beautiful room made of bricks with large windows , while a dark-haired man leaning on a windowsill is watching her .
A man in a black jacket is talking with two blond women as they stand near a car in the sunshine .
A classroom full of men , with the teacher up front .
Boy standing in line in a grocery store with his items on the conveyor belt .
A old woman is holding shopping bags on a busy city street .
A balding man wearing a brown jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down .
A man rock climbs with a city and body of water in the background .
Two pedestrians walking past a sidewalk cafe on a cobblestone street .
The side of a building next to a church is painted with a brightly colored Coca-Cola sign .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
A toddler in a denim hats plays in a tire .
Three Oklahoma Sooners playing football against another team , one of the sooners with the ball in their possession .
A young boy and his dog play at the edge of a public beach .
Football player jumping to catch the ball with an empty stand behind him .
Football player jumping to catch the ball with an empty stand behind him .
The little boy is in the park near a duck .
A band is playing on stage at a concert and the attendants are dancing to the music .
A young female wearing a red sweater is sitting on a swing set in a park
A young man takes a walk carrying a backpack and camera .
Men and women in swimsuits hangout on rocks above water .
Some Women and Men are Sun Tanning , and watching the Ocean Waves , on a Bunch of Rocks .
A woman in orange performs with puppets while a little boy in a monkey costume walks by .
Young , attractive and fashionable girl posed for the camera as she sits on a rock in a park-like setting .
A woman sits at a table outdoors with magazines on her table .
A woman sits at a table outdoors with magazines on her table .
The baseball player is running after the ball .
A young woman in a green `` Aeropostale '' shirt and a green bracelet with a black purse , looking down with pursed lips .
People walking down a busy city street in the winter .
An elderly woman wearing a flower printed apron with a pink colored shirt is cooking inside her kitchen .
A man in a long-sleeved blue shirt and blue jeans has set up some name trains on the ground looking to sell his wares .
A blue race car slides off the racetrack and hits white median bumpers with its rear .
Many people are watching street performers dancing .
A group of people walk down a pedestrian only street in Asia near large green trees and older brown buildings .
a man with a blue jacket look at items .
A lady and a man are on stage dancing with flexibility .
A guy in a laundromat getting his things together .
A young boy kissing an old man on the forehead .
A man walking into a shadow , holding a sign .
A group of people are standing in front of parked bicycles on a corner with various carrying bags on the ground .
bicycles stationed while a group of people socialize .
Several young people standing next to ten-speed bikes .
A man and a woman smiling at a crying baby .
A child in red is guided by an adult .
They are sitting with clothes on .
Two women with long hair are walking on a sidewalk under an overpass .
A group of teenagers are standing in front of some tents , most of them are holding skateboards .
The kids watched as the soda bottle launched into the air .
A woman in a blue coat walks in front of a sign with green men walking under the two words : berlin and kathmandu
A girl is getting ready to dive into a pool .
a group of four people conversing next to a bus
A woman with dark hair and a red dress sits next to a little girl with blond-hair and a white dress while reading a book .
A boy falls off of his scooter during an obstacle course .
A colorful array of motorcyclists gathered outdoors , with Joshua trees in the background and a pair of motorcyclists on a cherry-red cycle in the foreground .
A man in jeans and a white shirt is standing near a rock formation with his back to the camera .
A man in a hat and jacket standing on the sidewalk with a pile of trash in front of him .
A man cooking food on the stove .
Interior of the restaurant chain : Planet Hollywood , various movie memorabilia decorate the space .
A man is playing the trumpet .
This young man is wearing blue jeans and a cowboy hat , and is walking away from a calf that is currently roped within an arena .
A thin man in a maroon shirt standing next to a pay phone .
Two grownups are waiting for the bus to arrive on a cold day .
Two grownups are waiting for the bus to arrive on a cold day .
A man and a woman are boxing in a park with flowering trees .
Three boys wearing life jackets are on top of innertube in the water .
A group of people are sitting at a table which has glasses of beer on it .
Two men and three women are sitting at a rectangular wooden table drinking beer from glasses of various shapes .
Several smiling people of varying ages sitting around a table with glasses of beer in front of them .
Two young boys in swimming trunks are in the water looking at each other .
A man is throwing a big stick into the water so his two dogs and go fetch it .
A man is throwing a big stick into the water so his two dogs and go fetch it .
Children playing on a playground .
A little blond girl is wrapped up in a Care Bears blanket with Christmas paper behind her .
A woman cutting fabric flowers in a market .
A shirtless man is being filmed in the middle of a soccer field .
People sit around tables watching intently under a cloth covering .
An elder bearded man having a rest in a dilapidated building .
A boy and a girl walk through the city .
The boy in the black and red swimsuit is jumping into the water .
The lady in the red jacket is helping the other lady decide what to buy .
A downtown shot of a man on his cellphone under an awning .
An Asian man in colorful robes holds a bell and leans toward a small table , with Buddhist or Hindu decorations on the table and the walls .
An Asian man in colorful robes holds a bell and leans toward a small table , with Buddhist or Hindu decorations on the table and the walls .
Man in white shirt and blue jeans looking to the side while walking down a busy sidewalk .
There is a street with buildings and one man in black walking on the side of the road .
A woman riding a bicycle past a car and a group of people on a sidewalk .
A man jumps in front of a palace in China .
Two men in animal print pajama bottoms sleep on a bed .
Two men in animal print pajama bottoms sleep on a bed .
A nicely dressed woman putting a handful of cotton candy in her mouth in a public square in Europe .
Two men play a game of chess in the park while two others eagerly await their chance
Couple walking on the beach .
Two hikers crossing a snowy field , with mountainous terrain behind them .
Two backpackers look at scenic mountains .
An airplane flying over a fence with a few bystanders watching it as it approaches its landing .
Group of people stand near a fence watching a plane fly over them
a girl in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .
a girl in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .
A blond man stands next to a cement mixer with mountains in the background .
A teenage girl stands in a large industrial garage with two boys sitting in the background .
Three individuals are wearing tight blue nylon suits with one instructor in all black with a ponytail assisting them with putting on harnesses .
A band of young musicians are playing an intimate concert to a small crowd in an outdoor courtyard .
A live band on a lawn jamming out .
A young lady walking down the street wearing a black jacket , sunglasses , sneakers , jeans , & gloves .
Boy reading book with company of a rolled over dog .
A young girl with a white vest , pink sleeves and pink knit hat with flower is looking at the flower blossoms on a tree .
This wildly dressed couple are walking past a poster .
A guy is standing in front of a toilet with a coffee cup in one hand and a toilet brush in the other .
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit .
Five people are playing in a gymnasium .
A man sits on a bench beside his bike while viewing the scenery around him overlooking a busy city .
These three men dressed in blue , yellow and white , are playing a sport .
A doctor is performing surgery .
Two women eating lunch in a cafe smile at the photographer .
Children participating at a party while looking at the one kid in exuberance over the new toy .
A chef is giving a sample of food to a customer .
The crew shells are passing under marker 7 , with the nearest shell in front by a good margin .
Elderly man painting a picture with a small paintbrush .
This football team wears red shirts and red helmets .
A girl and two boys are playing in water .
Two girls are walking in car wash parking lot .
A man in an apron sits at a table in front of a restaurant , while another man crosses the street with a purple gift bag and rolling luggage .
A girl in a purple sweatshirt bends over backwards .
A little boy in green is kicking a soccer ball and 6 boys in referee shirts are following him .
Several dancers are doing leg lifts on stage .
Several dancers are doing leg lifts on stage .
Two women dressed for cold weather in jackets and gloves look at something on a cellphone screen .
Two women and a younger girl laugh and converse in front of a green tent and blue microphone .
Two women and a younger girl laugh and converse in front of a green tent and blue microphone .
Two entertainers on a stage performing acrobatic moves .
Four men are standing outside near a white truck bed .
A worried blond-haired baby is sitting inside a large , shiny metal cooking pot that is on top of an electric stove .
A band performing with a girl singing and a guy next to her singing as well while playing the guitar
A female sings and plays into a microphone and a male in green striped shorts plays a hand drum
Six men , all wearing identifying number plaques , are participating in an outdoor race .
Little girl and older male , holding hands and walking on train tracks .
The pets play in the apartment .
Young African children are playing in a dirt and gravel street dressed in shorts and t-shirts .
The tops of a large number of balloons are visible behind a wall , with a large high rise building in the background .
Two blond girls in white dresses , one much smaller than the other , stand on the bank of a large body of water .
Thick clouds masked the sky for the Braun sponsored event as the crowd looked up at the raised platform while a small group of bike stunt riders watched one rider land on his feet while his bike was still in the air .
A middle-aged man in a gray t-shirt and brown pants sitting on his bed reading a flyer-like paper .
Young man with a beard is sitting on the edge of the bed reading a manual .
Ski equipment sits alone on a snowy mountain
A man tries to get himself into shape on a treadmill .
There are a lot of people in front of a tan building with colorful squares hanging from the top .
There are a lot of people in front of a tan building with colorful squares hanging from the top .
There is a teen boy and a younger boy with the same shirts on in a room full of people .
Skiiers are walking through the snow near the mountains .
A baby with star shades on .
A boy wearing orange star glasses is sitting down holding a toy hammer .
A little boy is sitting next to a bed while wearing orange sunglasses and playing with a toy hammer
A girl leaps through the air while running on the riverbank .
A woman is walking down the street with a brown bookbag on her back .
A woman is walking down the street with a brown bookbag on her back .
A woman is sitting in a street market stand where there are various items for sale , such as fish .
A man pushing a food cart stands in front of a stone building and holds onto the bars covering a window .
An older and younger man smiling .
Two boys standing on top of a diving platform and one captured midair .
Two boys standing on top of a diving platform and one captured midair .
A girl in a pink shirt is teaching a young man in a striped sweater how to knit .
A lady with red-hair peeking into the back of a car .
A man playing a banjo near a tree at an outdoor event .
A group of men work on some streetcar rails .
A group of men work on some streetcar rails .
A young boy and girl playing baseball in a grassy field .
An older man indulging in a bottle of amber liquid .
A man in a white shirt is sitting on a crate .
An Asian man stands behind a makeshift storefront with a handmade yellow poster advertising watch repair .
A lady in a blue shirt and hat dancing with a man in sunglasses .
Child inside of large snow fort .
A man jumps onto a skateboard that is sitting on a folding chair .
A man jumps onto a skateboard that is sitting on a folding chair .
There are people at the train station waiting for their trains and other trains are whizzing by them .
Three young men are cleaning up a classroom .
The brown and black dog has his mouth open .
Here is a picture of a bald man with a beard and sunglasses , washing his hands at a spring or waterfall .
A young girl jumping in front of the White House .
A boy in a red shirt with arms outstretched on the side of hill .
A group of men are seated around a table and eating .
A man holds a baby , which is chewing on eyeglasses .
A slender , blond-haired woman in a low-cut white shirt walks by a menu with items written in a foreign language .
A gentleman cooks multiple dishes while preparing extra ingredients in his kitchen , windows open behind him .
A woman pulls a small child in a sled through the snow .
A woman is pulling a child on a sled in the snow .
Two kids in winter clothing play near a lakefront .
A line of rollerbladers crouch down aerodynamically
A band places at a venue .
A man and woman look like they are having their picture taken in front of a famous building in France .
A woman in a black jacket with yellow on the back talking to a man with a black jacket and cameras hanging down from his shoulders and neck .
A lone , 2-3 year old blond child in a blue jacket is putting a small black plastic item in his mouth as he kneels on a waiting room couch pointed toward the back while looking at something or someone not in the room .
A lone , 2-3 year old blond child in a blue jacket is putting a small black plastic item in his mouth as he kneels on a waiting room couch pointed toward the back while looking at something or someone not in the room .
A girl jumping on pavement .
A woman reaching for candy bars that are on a shelf .
Grilling ribs , chicken kabobs , and vegetable kabobs .
A woman with dark hair wearing a dark shirt , jeans , and glasses is talking into a microphone .
One of the hockey players just tried to score
Two women looking at the camera and a man looking away .
An Asian man in a t-shirt and sandals is smoking a pipe while sitting on a rock in front of a body of water .
A small girl is unwrapping a green present with toys strewn around .
A man in a backwards baseball cap , black shirt and blue shorts behind the steering wheel of a boat with a flag behind him .
A woman is sitting outside while holding two cats .
A green bike is parked next to a door .
Two men exchange conversation in a crowded place .
Two men exchange conversation in a crowded place .
A white dog with brown ears runs down a gravel path with a ball in its mouth .
The boy wearing the blue hooded top is holding a baby goat in his arms .
A blond-haired lady with a gray tank top and jeans is holding her phone while she puts her other hand through her hair while a dark-haired lady walks next to her .
Two people ride yellow motorcycles .
A brown dog opens his mouth to catch a piece of food .
A brown dog is about to catch a treat .
The dog is catching a treat .
The dog is catching a treat .
The greyhounds are running quickly in this race .
The greyhounds are running quickly in this race .
Three dogs racing on racetrack
A sitting man is spraying a squirt bottle at a pedestrian while holding an umbrella over his head .
A sitting man is spraying a squirt bottle at a pedestrian while holding an umbrella over his head .
A man with a beard , curly hair and a beard wearing a green shirt and navy blue jacket standing still looking through his red sunglasses .
A little girl is sitting on a bench in a park .
A little blond boy throwing a soapy sponge at his moms car .
A woman wearing a red hat and black coat .
A young oriental girl receives help on a science project from an adult , not completely seen in the image .
An older woman wearing blue and a rag on her head holding a young child .
Friends running a race hand in hand .
Young girls are running along in a park .
A band playing with fans watching .
A small child playing in a dusty square .
A man holding a sleeping child walks with a woman .
Two children in swimming trunks are standing under a water sprinkler while a crowd looks on .
Two women behind a net check their cellphones , while two men sitting on a curb chat to each other .
An Asian woman is looking at the camera while trimming asparagus .
A man in a green Celtics hat and a woman wearing a black sweater display identical tattoos on their right wrists .
A young girl jumps high with the help of her bungie harness device and a safety spotter .
Man is chopping wood and is about to be pushed over by another person .
A man on a small 4 wheeled vehicle is flying through the air .
A baby wearing yellow is pretending to be a doctor while inside a stroller .
a woman in green stands with her hands on her hips .
Two people are in a green forest .
A rock climber climbs a steep mountain .
A rock climber climbs a steep mountain .
A woman in a blue dress is sweeping the floor in a cobblestone road
A girl lays on a wooden deck with a piece of clothing covering her face .
A young man and a young women in white lab coats are reading a biology textbook together and looking at a microscope in a laboratory .
A man wearing glasses and a dark coat looks at something to the left of the picture .
A woman wearing a yellow and white outfit is exiting the vehicle while using city transportation .
Brown-haired woman talking to man with backpack .
A young boy in a black tee-shirt stands on the corner as two men parallel to him are engaged in some activity .
A group of people playing guitars and singing .
There is a group of three women and one man singing while one of the woman plays a guitar .
A young man moving aside to let a young woman pass by .
A left-handed pitcher wearing the number 40 is throwing a ball to a catcher .
A man in a blue shirt and a man helps the cyclist while the man in the gray jacket watches .
Toddler walking along path .
Two young males playing basketball on a basketball court .
Two black dogs running
One football player holding the ball is chased by another football player from the opposing team
One football player holding the ball is chased by another football player from the opposing team
A woman with red-hair and wearing a black tank top and short jeans shorts appears to be yelling .
A scientist with a checkered shirt on is looking into a microscope to learn more about the world .
A salt-and-pepper-haired man with beard and glasses wearing black sits on the grass .
A man wearing glasses and black clothing is sitting while a man in a vest drinks in the background .
Two people wearing winter clothes stand near a pole in a winter scene .
A family day at the beach .
The man in the blue pants is doing a trick with his skateboard .
A young girls with red-hair who is wearing jeans and a black vest jumps up in the air over a sandy hill .
A man in a black long-sleeved tee-shirt is walking down the street with a cane .
Two construction workers in a truck having a conversation .
Numerous people sitting in a dim lit room talking , drinking coffee and using computers .
Two women wearing boots and holding bags are talking to each other .
A female belly dancer dressed in blue and orange performs a folding fan dance with two men providing the music behind her ; they are using a guitar and drums .
A man without a shirt walking towards a gas station .
young female in striped shirt holding baby boy with red striped outfit
Very large group of old people riding in boats down a river .
Male and female ballerinas dancing together and he is holding her slightly in air .
A woman with long dark hair is carrying a bag over her shoulder which says `` hot '' in metallic pink letters .
A young man wearing a bandanna is lifting weights with a barbell .
A red bi-plane leaves a white trail in a blue sky .
The man and the lady are wearing glasses and sitting in red chairs talking to John McCain .
A man in a dark suit talks with a middle-aged man and woman on a stage in front of a large logo of the letter `` D '' with the numeral five within it .
a blond girl and brunette brown hanging by gymnastic ropes
A woman has just completed her release in a game of bowling .
A person wearing a helmet and riding suit is riding a four wheeler on a dusty plot of land .
Two young adult passengers of a vehicle are sleeping .
A woman smiling as she hold two white dishes of food up , there is also a table full of food on the table .
A group of numbered participants walk down the street together .
A young boy in a green shirt and blue pants is playing with a blue toy train on a wooden track .
A boy in a blue life jacket jumps off a board into the lake .
People getting ready to cut a birthday cake .
A bronze-skinned woman walks a pedestrian path in a form fitting dress .
Soldier watches as a train zooms by .
A man in a brown hat with a beard is holding up a twig .
Muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track .
A white cat sits on a wall .
A man walking in front of a black cement wall with a bag on his shoulder .
girl posing against a wall in the city
Three men in white , black and blue shirts with jeans standing on a cliff over the ocean .
A young girl who is barefoot and with a scarf over her head dips her pen in ink and writes in a notebook .
A group of Asian children are gathered around in a circle listening to an older male in a white shirt .
A group of young men and women are crouched in a circle .
A skater performs a stunt off a cement wall covered in graffiti .
A man and woman are talking in a party atmosphere with a crowd and purple and blue lights behind them .
The woman in the black shirt attempts to find her bike in the midst of the crowded street .
A man on a bicycle stops for a rest with his leashed dogs .
A girl in a hate with ear flaps and a sweater .
A girl with a cigarette in hand and a guy with a green hat wave at the camera .
Two women in a embrace of greetings , one of them is holding flowers and they are greeting each other of a kiss .
A white race dog wearing the number eight runs on the track .
A young boy is dumping a bag of Lego 's onto a glass table .
Cheerleader on top of a cheerleading pyramid , girls are looking up at her one is in the background doing the same cheer .
Cheerleader on top of a cheerleading pyramid , girls are looking up at her one is in the background doing the same cheer .
A snowboarder jumps high into the air off of a snowy ramp .
Two kickboxers compete in front of a live audience .
A little girl in pink boots runs down the street .
A model is standing next too a blue jeep .
A man in plaid pants and a vest is speaking into a microphone to a group of people , who do n't appear to be looking at him .
A man wearing a top-hat , blue plaid pajama pants , a white shirt , and gold embroidered vest stands in front of an American Flag under a colorfully painted street-front , and speaks to a crowd from a microphone .
A man in a white t-shirt and blue shorts is rock climbing up a sheer face
A young puppy suckles from his mother .
Children play on a sit-and-spin at the local playground while others slide in the background .
Three people are standing on the dock of a boat looking at something off-camera .
A little boy is eating a red Popsicle .
A little boy is eating a red Popsicle .
Small boy wearing blue shorts sitting on bed .
Three children , two boys and one girl , are standing behind bars with their mouths open like they are screaming .
A girl wearing blue and brown holding bags standing in the end of a tunnel .
Sidewalk flower cart vendor .
A lady looks to her right and holds a mini camera .
A woman holding a camera .
A man with a blue shirt and red scarf on his head holds a piece of fruit in front of a wood container full of fruit while a boy bicycles behind him .
Woman reaching for food at the supermarket .
Boy on a skateboard in midair at a skate park
A man skateboarding at a skateboarding park which is covered in graffiti .
The brown German shepherd dog is playing with a stick .
A small blond child is playing with puzzle piece of varying color on the leg of someone else .
A person is climbing a cliff wall , over a rocky shore , using a rope .
A man in a white hat and a woman in a light blue jacket have stopped on a busy street to look at something .
A frightened boy is carrying a hammer , ready to defend himself .
Two men , one wearing a red shirt and another wearing a blue shirt , are inspecting a small tree while others are at work in the background .
Two young men in black tank tops playing on a set of drums .
Two hikers are climbing through a rocky and snowy passage in the mountains .
Five people wear name tags on a necklace and pose together .
Five adults are sitting on stone steps .
A woman in a blue shirt and black workout pants practicing martial arts in front of a house .
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
People and cars are on a parking lot surrounded by multiple building , one of which has the word PROLOGy above it .
A man in a striped shirt and lady in a black hat are watching a young band perform on stage .
A little girl at a museum .
A greyhound jumps over a chain .
A group of people wearing hats and using walking sticks are walking through a wooded area on a trail .
A guy pointing at a giant Blackberry .
A shirtless man wearing white shorts .
A boy in a black swimsuit playing near the water .
People cheer as a bicyclist rides his bike off a ramp
People stand on boat dock waiting for their boat to arrive .
Three men sit on a bench outside .
A group of people are watching something .
The player from the black team is telling something to the player of the red team .
Two dogs are tied up outside a shop , with a bicycle leaning against the wall of the shop .
Two dogs are tied up outside a shop , with a bicycle leaning against the wall of the shop .
A man with a blue shirt and glasses points to a picture in a book in front of a little girl and a stack of books .
Two men in white suits cheer
Two men in white suits cheer
A man on a bike under a large red umbrella gestures at a group of people .
A boy in a blue bathing suit jumps with his arms in the air in a backyard setting .
A man with a hooded sweatshirt bows his head in a cathedral .
A gentleman overlooking a neighborhood situation .
A woman with an umbrella listens on a mobile phone on the street in front of a graffiti-tagged wall .
Two tanned men wearing shorts are pulling a fishing net along a beach shore .
A snowboarder is grinding on a rail in a snowy , mountainous area .
The man wearing jacket is looking at he bike .
A girl in uniform running through the water fountain gushing water from the tiles .
A young girl in her school uniform dances in a water sculpture in the middle of a crowded public square .
A woman wearing a brown jacket and brown pants is walking her two dogs along the beach as they follow another person .
The older man in a dark blue shirt is using tools to make glass before putting them into a heated kiln .
An elderly man is looking through his glasses while working with hot metal .
Two children , standing among grass , are putting their arms out and are smiling .
Two children , standing among grass , are putting their arms out and are smiling .
A man in a white shirt riding a bike down the pavement .
A crowd of people are standing against a railing .
Young boys playing indoor basketball , one team has black and white uniforms , the other has orange and white .
Beautiful red car among many at a car show full of excited car enthusiasts held on a tree lined street .
Beautiful red car among many at a car show full of excited car enthusiasts held on a tree lined street .
Beautiful red car among many at a car show full of excited car enthusiasts held on a tree lined street .
A man in a blue uniform jumps in the air to shoot a basketball .
Two people kiss on a street blindly-lit in bright white sun while several silhouetted pedestrians walk behind them .
An older man in a blue shirt planting seed in pots with potting soil .
Four people work in a green field , two wearing white and two wearing red , with green bushes and trees in the background .
A woman sits in a blue chair outside a brick house .
Greyhounds race on a sandy track with the dog in green taking the lead .
A man in a gray long-sleeved shirt is making a transaction with another person from his street market .
Four people wearing street clothes work on the scalp of a woman in an improvised medical treatment .
One woman walking across the street , another on sidewalk .
A family sits on a bench near a beach .
Guy hitting a baseball in a field of grass outside .
A man in red and black about to strike a tennis ball .
man in mid stride suspended in air , about to swing a tennis racket on a tennis court .
A band performing on the corner of the street .
A young man wearing a black shirt and black pants is standing in front of pictures that are black and white and some are colored .
Two people in leather jackets and jeans stand outside large , red , metal doors .
Two women crossing an intersection .
Two women crossing an intersection .
A protest with a person wearing a black dress holding a red umbrella .
Group of women in red swimsuits perform a dance routine in the sand at 2008 beijing olympics .
A person in a striped gray and white shirt moves his bicycle past another man in a yellow shirt and blue pants .
A soccer ball is above the head of a man wearing black shorts and red and black striped shirt .
Three women and one man are sitting on a ledge facing away towards a large window .
two golden dogs are chewing a white cushion on a wooden patio .
A kid with his head shaved sitting and holding a lit cigarette .
A colorfully dressed young man with visible skin lesions is sitting and smoking a cigarette .
A colorfully dressed young man with visible skin lesions is sitting and smoking a cigarette .
A Man in a blue shirt and jeans is walking across the street .
The back view of a woman in a colorful shirt sitting next to a woman in a black top .
A large group of people walking down a city street .
Man builds detailed sand castle on the beach .
Man builds detailed sand castle on the beach .
Two women walking near a pond .
Two children throw dead leaves into the air around them .
Two women are wet while holding hands with a long building and buses in the background .
Two women are wet while holding hands with a long building and buses in the background .
A man with a white shirt and blue jeans are skating on a skating device .
Two men are in a boxing match where a man in the red boxing trunks is hitting the man in the purple trunks .
Two little boys eat McDonald 's while sitting at a table and chairs outside , where others are also eating .
A dog running on grass
A smiling policewoman holding a blue axe and wearing St. Patrick 's Day memorabilia walking in front of assembled onlookers .
Two men , one with a black shirt and the other with a white shirt , are kicking each other without making contact .
A man wearing all white is using an orange chainsaw to cut down a thick tree next to his house .
Two women in costume , one dressed as a mermaid , the other as a fairy , are handing out brochures .
Two men inside a tent are examining the floor .
A woman hanging the laundry outside .
A batsman is about to swing for a baseball whilst the catcher and referee wait behind him .
A man wearing a green shirt and a leaf on his head , runs in a race with a bottle of water in his hand and his eyes closed .
A woman dressed in a light yellow tank top , white pants , and sunglasses looks to her right as she is drinking a bottle of water .
A man in a blue shirt , khaki shorts , ball cap and white socks and loafers walking behind a group of people walking down a stone walkway with a water bottle in his left hand .
A boy hits a ball , with a bat , outside , while others in the background watch him .
A boy hits a ball , with a bat , outside , while others in the background watch him .
Two professional soccer players compete in a stadium on AstroTurf during a soccer match , and one player is controlling the ball while the other is running after him trying to defend it .
Two professional soccer players compete in a stadium on AstroTurf during a soccer match , and one player is controlling the ball while the other is running after him trying to defend it .
Guy playing the guitar on a bench with another man watching him .
A man with a black shirt , shorts and a black messenger bag , is listening to a man , sitting with black pants and a white t-shirt , playing the guitar .
An man wearing headphones observes an older man performing his guitar on a public street bench .
A man in a straw hat and another man in a striped shirt who are both drinking from cups and making funny faces .
A person wearing jeans , a blue shirt and a helmet is riding a four-wheeler in a sandy area .
A man with a cap and brown shirt is standing on a grassy incline by a pile of hay or grass on some kind of wooden sled attached to a horse with chains .
People standing around a busy outdoor market .
An older man sitting on a bench , on the sidewalk , reading a book .
A man in a suit and tie is opening a door .
A group of people stand around a young man wearing a black and white checkered shirt who is sitting at a table with his head down .
A small child , wearing a big coat and snow boots , is unhappy while she tries to play outside with her playhouse while it is snowing .
A black dog is running through a snow covered area while holding something green in his mouth .
A music conductor is leading his orchestra in a grand hall , where an audience is watching the performance .
A soccer game with multiple males playing .
A guy with long hair , a ball cap , and a blue shirt is smiling as he walks along the boardwalk
A little girl wearing a cardboard diner hat is finishing off some onion rings at a restaurant .
A woman is standing on the sidewalk , in front of a crosswalk .
A man is playing the guitar while on his right is another man looking at his keyboard .
a boy and girl hold hands walking down a railroad track
Woman wearing a red sweater , brown slacks and a white hat , rollerblading on the street in front of a yellow building .
People crowd around a street filled with colorful buses .
People walk amongst a traffic jam in a crowded city .
A beautiful woman puts on a look of amazement while she wears native clothing .
Four people stand next to some bikes while one of them points .
An old man looks at an unknown contraption from MakerBot Industries .
Men in dark clothes and women in dark , decorative skirts are looking at books while another man is standing in front of them holding a circular object .
Many women shoppers walking on suburban street .
A white man in the shower has fashioned his hair into a mohawk hairstyle using soap suds .
A man under a running shower with shampoo in his hair .
A man in goggle swimming .
A man in goggle swimming .
An artist dressed in a gray sweatshirt is working on a brightly colored painting of a town .
A rescue diver just getting out of the dirty water .
Young woman celebrates getting a strike during a bowling game .
A man tumbles as spectators watch at the University of Michigan .
A dalmatian runs through the woods .
a man exiting a truck behind a fence
The view of a man with a shaved head and blue shirt through a chain-linked fence .
The view of a man with a shaved head and blue shirt through a chain-linked fence .
A young asian woman stands with her luggage .
A short-haired man in a pink striped shirt is turned away from the camera while holding a tray carrying a number of glasses , while a frizzy-haired woman looks on .
An older woman sits at a table in a tank top and skirt .
An old woman drinking water in a yellow room
Some pedestrians with multiple shopping bags walk down a paved walkway .
The person and the dog are sitting on the yellow canoe .
This young girl 's eyes are filled with excitement as she swings in her bright yellow dress .
A young female toddler wearing a yellow dress is seated in a swing .
Black greyhound dog racing down a track .
Black greyhound dog racing down a track .
A woman in a red hat waiting in line .
A young girl wearing a pink shirt and jeans is running through a flowered field .
A man and a woman are shopping at a large hardware warehouse store .
A man and a woman are shopping at a large hardware warehouse store .
Two women , one walking her dog the other pushing a stroller .
A little girl is sitting on the counter dangling one foot in the sink whilst holding a dish jet washer .
A little girl plays with a faucet .
The little girl in the sand is handing a ball to one of the two black dogs .
A man and a woman hug on a street .
a lone surfboarder on a white surfboard flying through the air over a wave
Several men on stage having a discussion .
Four people are in the process of creating colorful lanterns in their lantern shop .
A man is flexing his biceps while standing on a rooftop with multiple chimneys in the background .
A basketball player making a slam dunk during a game .
Military men dressed in camouflage and white aim there weapons while out in the snowy weather .
A person is walking down a cobblestone street .
A woman dressed in a black shirt with purple bikini bottoms is playing volleyball in a fenced in area .
A woman prepares to strike a volleyball .
Several people , including a boy in a striped shirt walk on a concrete path away from a body of water .
Several people , including a boy in a striped shirt walk on a concrete path away from a body of water .
A blond girl with a graphic t-shirt wheeling a wheelbarrow across a lawn .
Two women both dressed in white tops and dark-colored shorts are standing in front of some motorcycles on a city street
A group of people in costumes are holding their arms in the air in the manner of the finale of a musical number .
A young man shielding himself from a stream of water from a fire engine by using an umbrella .
An African American man getting his haircut by another man .
Three people walking down a hallway at the train station .
Members of the military gather around some vehicles at night .
A woman in a bathroom , sitting on the sink , is doing her makeup .
Two elder women have a conversation outdoors in front of a house .
A charity walk happening with balloons .
Two ice fishers watch on as a third attempts to cut out a portion of ice with a chainsaw .
A person with a yellow hat holding a fishing pole in the grass by water
A worker in a striped orange , gray , and white t-shirt hovers over a stand that is displaying different kinds of flat bread .
Young barefoot girl begins to lose balance .
Many people are smiling as they gather in a room .
People are gathered together watching something .
A group of people are standing inside an office
Five men are standing in front of a red curtain .
A man and woman are sitting at a restaurant table holding hands .
An outdoor rodeo , with a cowboy in a red shirt riding a bucking horse while others watch from the sidelines .
A smiling young girl with blond-hair , blue eyes , and a pink shirt , is holding a yellow flower towards the viewer outside .
A smiling young girl with blond-hair , blue eyes , and a pink shirt , is holding a yellow flower towards the viewer outside .
A group of people are sitting under umbrellas on the beach .
a skateboarder ollies .
A man with the name tag `` Chris '' who is wearing a blue shirt with blue-white striped tie , presses his hand at his forehead .
Seven people ride motorbikes through a sand course .
Seven people are riding bikes on a sandy track .
Persons standing underneath an arch way .
a shoeless toddler sleeps in his car seat holding his pacifier .
a shoeless toddler sleeps in his car seat holding his pacifier .
A group of men with cowboy hats are watching a rodeo .
I think this lady is waiting for a cab .
Lady standing outside a building talking on her cellphone .
A man wearing a suit with a name tag stands reading in front of a microphone as a screen behind him displays a presentation .
A man wearing a suit with a name tag stands reading in front of a microphone as a screen behind him displays a presentation .
A man wearing a suit with a name tag stands reading in front of a microphone as a screen behind him displays a presentation .
A group of men are on scaffolds painting a wall .
A boy in an innertube in the pool splashing and smiling .
A boy in an innertube in the pool splashing and smiling .
a shepherd breed dog running on the beach
A couple are having lunch together .
A man in a green apron smiles behind a food stand .
A man in a black suit and tie is walking in front of a fancy building with the word grace written on it
Jet flying low over a field with a woman in the field .
A man holding a child is looking at toys in a store .
Three people getting out a van .
Three people loading or unloading their car .
A man and a woman in a crowd of people on a street at night .
Man in a blue shirt practicing karate .
Two doctors are working on a surgical procedure .
A man in sunglasses and shorts carrying a stick is walking .
A super car is spinning tires on a raceway track creating smoke near a crowd .
Two older men speak into microphones on a stage , while a projector screen displays a vintage photo of a young man behind them .
A man standing on a boat in a yellow jumpsuit helping another man in a yellow jumpsuit climb up a ladder on a bigger ship .
A drummer plays the drums , while wearing a black dress shirt , and black and gray striped tie .
Man plays electronic drum set in band .
Hiker in blue shirt and red shorts stands on hill near mountain .
A man in a brightly colored vest performs on stage .
A trainer runs next to his dog as it jumps through multiple hoops .
Two dogs running in the dirt
A group of people are watching a band play music while one lady tries to take a picture of them .
A young woman with a ponytail and her back to the camera is taking a picture of what seems to be some sort of procession .
Workers are arranging a window and some lumber along the ground .
A man wearing a mask with green dreadlocks and blue gloves stands in front of a woman in a brown cardigan .
A race car driver leaps from a burning car .
A police officer is standing with his arms crossed .
A train is being worked on buy three men .
A girl in a purple tutu dances in the yard .
A girl in a purple tutu dances in the yard .
A woman wearing a gray top and a purple headband plays toy trains with a little boy in a white shirt .
A man standing in front of a chalkboard points at a drawing .
A man standing in front of a chalkboard points at a drawing .
A mother and her two children sit down to rest .
A bridge with green supports leads to a sidewalk lining a row of houses with slanted roofs , a person is visible in the background walking towards the photographer past a bicycle .
A girl in a green jersey top and blue shorts is getting ready to kick the soccer ball near the goal .
A girl in a green jersey top and blue shorts is getting ready to kick the soccer ball near the goal .
A woman in a blue shirt talking to a baby .
A person is reaching up to touch the middle light fixture hanging from a ceiling .
A mom is taking a picture with her two small daughters .
A line of nine cheerleaders wearing short white skirts and tops with a yellow stripe and blue and white pompoms stand on the center line of a basketball court with spectators in the background .
Five children of Indian origin are smiling and posing on a slide .
Two horses , one black and one brown , are pulling a man outside .
A young boy looking at a picture book .
An older man wearing a winter coat and jeans stands in front of a large , wheeled flower cart .
A man reclining with his feet up on the desk .
The little girl in yellow is touching the dad who has shaving cream on his face .
A white-haired conductor is standing in front of an orchestra which is also standing , instruments in hand .
Tourists enjoying mother nature .
Man in white t-shirt , black shorts , walking along side female with a white tank top , beige shorts , and an older woman with black hair , white shirt , black shorts .
Two women talking over a glass of wine .
A woman in a brown shirt and a man in a hat cross the street .
Racers are just beginning a race in an international competition .
Racers are just beginning a race in an international competition .
Two people standing in front of a waterfall scenery .
Two young girls have fun on a trampoline , one of which appears to be falling down onto her back while the other poses with a smile behind her .
Three woman prepare a meal in a kitchen with salmon colored walls and bamboo cabinetry .
Two men look down at another man standing on an unfinished walkway .
Two men look down at another man standing on an unfinished walkway .
Musicians are performing on stage .
A woman in a blue star printed dress stands next to a grill with food on it .
A taxi is trying to drive on a street amidst a crowd of people .
A little girl , wearing a yellow , zip-front outfit is holding a flower and a basket and pointing upwards .
Woman with a basket of candy in her hand .
A group of people are standing on a platform and waiting for the subway train .
There is a blue bowl and a fruit platter on the table which is covered with a white tablecloth .
Older man with white hair and a red cap painting the golden gate bridge on the shore with the golden gate bridge in the distance .
A few people walking in the distance of a small town .
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe .
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe .
A man , dressed in a green shirt with black pants , is transporting luggage strapped to a wheelbarrow , down a cobblestone road .
A woman in a dress talking on the phone while holding a dog leash .
People are pulling a big green tractor .
Four girls in shorts walk down the street .
A group of people walking arm and arm across the green grass .
Two men , one rowing and one sitting , in a canoe surrounded by a body of water .
A track sprinter takes off after he hears the starting horn .
A van with writing on it driving in front of a store .
Two men are shopping for orange juice .
A little boy smiles while playing in the dirt .
Two men , two children , and a woman all sitting down near a stand filled with purses .
Person doing a trick on a skateboard in a skate park while people watch .
Three teenagers , two without shoes having a water gun fight with various types of guns trying to spray each other .
Three teenagers , two without shoes having a water gun fight with various types of guns trying to spray each other .
Several young African Americans giving an outdoor dance performance
The streets are busy and people contemplate their futures .
The streets are busy and people contemplate their futures .
Man and a woman walking on the street
A man does a jump trick on a bike .
A man does a jump trick on a bike .
Three women are sitting on a wharf and kicking their feet in the water .
A butterfly has lit on the head of this sleeping toddler .
A man in a restaurant having lunch .
A man in a restaurant having lunch .
A female dancer does a center leap across a stage .
A man standing in front of a class of Asian students holding a picture of Santa Claus .
A brown dog leaps into water from a rock .
Long-haired man in blue jeans carrying red bass drum above his head while talking on the phone .
Street vendors sell various wards , including pineapples and soccer balls .
A man cutting a Woman 's hair .
A man cutting a Woman 's hair .
A woman standing on one hand in an empty pool .
A group of 9 men and women walking upstairs .
A woman in a light blue jacket is riding a bike .
An asian man wearing a blue shirt is kicking up water .
Mountain biking in a forest during the early fall .
Mountain biking in a forest during the early fall .
A woman dressed in black looking perplexed and a woman in a red jacket offering to help her .
Man in overalls with two horses .
These children are romping around on the leaf covered ground .
A person in a gray shirt doles a substance into cups on a green tray while a woman in a seafoam green sweater on their left squirts a liquid into a bucket .
A man and a woman are competing in a road rice .
Two men in a black in red vehicle on the beach .
two women walking in an area of destitution .
A woman in a red and white jacket riding a bicycle .
Very young boy standing in front of a bride and groom , wearing a suit and holding a ring-bearer 's pillow .
A man in a black and blue jacket and a white helmet skiing down a hill swiftly .
A group packs food into boxes in a cold field .
A standing crowd of people watches a musical performance on a lighted stage .
A young girl with long hair , glasses and a lip ring playing on her iPhone in a brightly lit room .
The motorcyclist race on the course .
Two men on a basketball court one in white and red the other in blue , the player in white is throwing the ball in while teammates look on .
Several men in front of a white building .
A woman sitting down working with what looks like a kite .
Several Asian women dressed in black outfits and crowns are holding plates with food on them .
Three girls in street clothes and sneakers perform act out a synchronized performance or dance while on a stage .
Trucks racing
Trucks racing
A snowboarder in green pants boards down a snowy mountain .
Two guys are wearing uniforms who are running in the grass .
A man with a bald head and wearing eyeglasses is carving a turkey .
A man sits in a dingy stall which says `` Sol Septu '' on the sidewalk while a man poses before the stand but does not look at it .
Young boy in swimsuit plays in sprinklers outside
A man with wine near a Christmas tree .
Man looking at a woman that is smoking on the sidewalk .
Groups of people walking different directions , mostly dressed in dark blues and dressed to stay warm .
Two men , one with a camera and another with hair clippers are helping another man in kitchen .
A baby in an indoor pool is using an inflatable tube on it 's on
A person with a dark yellow baseball cap and a gray sweatshirt is in the air over an outdoor fountain in front of a cityscape .
A young man wearing a blue shirt with white words , black jeans , and inline skates is sitting on a concrete seat looking forward while a group are people are in the background .
Group of guys sitting in a circle .
a man with a black hat and jacket is loading two horses with cargo .
A group of people gather on a outdoor patio .
Two men clutch each other as they stumble backwards while looking up in front of a store .
Two men clutch each other as they stumble backwards while looking up in front of a store .
Several people sitting on foldable chairs near a geological formation .
Group of men sitting at a table turn to have their picture taken .
There are people walking down a busy nighttime street with signs lighting the way .
A black dog running through the forest .
A black dog is running through a wooded area .
Two women on the dance floor with other people dancing .
Two girls are playing tug-of-war and losing as the girl in front is drug into a muddy puddle of water .
A group of three people climb a path of wooden stairs up a rocky hill .
Three people are outside walking up a set of wooden stairs .
A baseball player sliding toward second base .
A girl holds onto a rope above the water .
One military man executes a combat move on another outside a gated facility .
Two women in colorful swimming suits are leaping above a pool while two other women in the pool watch .
A man in a red sweater holds a child on top of his shoulders .
A rodeo clown finds it 's way in the action .
a woman siting in a black polka dot bathing suit top , and blue high waist underwear bottoms sitting in the sidewalk with three bags and a green bottle .
woman with not a whole lot of clothes on playing on phone
A woman with brown hair , black jacket , large black sunglasses , and pink scarf walking down the street .
A chef prepares roasted corn .
A squatting couple outdoors , engaged with a kneeling street performer or vendor reading from a book of manga .
A street performer reads an angry passage from his book to two attentive recipients .
A group of men dancing outside .
Three people each lead one camel with riders in a silhouetted line across sand dunes and a gray sky .
A young boy swinging on a swing .
A party is held and many people mingle and gather for the occasion .
A person throwing a yellow ball in the air .
Two girls and one women stand in the pouring rain .
A man wearing black pants and jacket is on a blue scooter next to a crowd of people and a green tent .
A man using a razor in front of a beach .
A man in a dark floral shirt and black jeans walks buy a brightly colored wall painted with a woman with bright green eyes .
A man in a dark floral shirt and black jeans walks buy a brightly colored wall painted with a woman with bright green eyes .
A little girl wearing a tan sundress with a bow in the back holds a bouquet of flowers on the sidewalk .
This is a man in a photo booth .
A girl is playing the keyboard with her band .
A woman with a blue shirt is reading to her son .
Two men are addressing a group of onlookers behind a row of houses .
Young people sit in plastic chairs arranged around a set of stairs in a covered concrete area , wearing swim clothes , resting , and waiting .
A police officer , wearing his helmet , standing next to his motorcycle , standing next to a taller , bald , black male , wearing brown pants , his leather jacket across his shoulder .
Police officer and his motorcycle in a crowd of people at a protest .
A policeman is leaning on his motorcycle while people are watching .
A man is taking a scenic photo of mountains while framing the foreground with low-growth , colorful brush .
A man in a t-shirt is stirring something in a pot which is on a counter near a microwave oven .
Middle-aged man in casual clothes looking off-camera .
Three children are in the process of jumping into a pool in what appears to be a suburban backyard .
A child slides into a wading pool full of water while an adult tosses a bucket of water on them .
Colorfully dressed man dancing in the streets , while balancing something on his head .
A shopper buys cat food at a Walmart
A brown dog is pulling itself out of the water onto some rocks with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A brown dog is pulling itself out of the water onto some rocks with a tennis ball in its mouth .
There is a baseball player in a yellow shirt running midfield .
An army officer is reading a children 's book from a podium .
A team of men performing a life saving procedure .
A small dog wearing a denim miniskirt .
Skateboarder jumps a gap while being photographed
Skateboarder jumps a gap while being photographed
A man in a leather jacket with the collar popped kisses the neck of a woman in a gray coat wearing a white scarf .
People walking through dirt .
A woman wearing a vertical striped top , sitting on a bench beside a telephone booth in a train station .
Two boys wearing colorful winter hats and dark coats are riding bikes and smiling at each other .
A group of men are standing in a field with papers .
A man doing a trick in the air on his bike .
Scientists sit in a laboratory in sterile clothing while looking at microscopes .
The group is working with microscopes and wearing clean white scrubs , hairnets and face masks .
A girl in a red polka dot bikini is jumping off a sand dune .
Nine women in blue and purple dresses and one man wearing a purple shirt and black pants , clap while a man dressed in black dances .
brown dogs are running down a trail
A group of people clap and take pictures of an unseen subject .
A little kid is jumping off a brick balcony .
A young women carrying some wooden cases , walking down the street and passing a street performer .
A woman wearing a martial arts uniform holds her sneakered foot with both hands over her head .
A group of kids are playing on a tire swing .
Two German sheperds snarling at each other .
Three men playing cricket wearing all white , with one man wearing a blue helmet .
A man is throwing water on a woman in front of a brick building while two men and another woman watch .
A guitarist performs on stage .
Three indoor track cyclist are being held balanced in place at the starting line by three attendants .
Two women both in sandals , one in a green hat is tying the other woman 's dress strap .
two puppies playing around in the grass
What appears to be a taller bald white man sitting next to a shorter black man in a reception area .
What appears to be a taller bald white man sitting next to a shorter black man in a reception area .
Two girls lay upside down on their bed .
Several men in fluorescent pinnies work on a structure shrouded in a green veil while a cherry picker truck hauls material .
A woman wearing a white shirt and jeans crosses a rope bridge in a wooded area .
Making something tasty hope you like lemons !
A young man rolling up the sleeves on his sweater .
A skateboarder goes down a railing .
A running back running with the football .
A group of people are taking a fun train ride .
Adults with their kids are riding on a small red train .
A man is roller-skating down the wall next to some white steps .
Two young boys are in a green kayak in the grass .
A man prepares to enter the red building .
A little girl plays in the ocean on the beach .
Two young boys have a conversation with one and other .
A goalie in a yellow field is protecting the goal .
Two girls slide down the air-filled slide .
A boy riding on a carnival ride turns around for a photograph .
Protesters in costumes carry signs through a paved city street .
Teens doing there best at a jump photo .
A man in a blue shirt and red hat is looking at a torch .
Small red airplane flies over mountaintop dropping red substance over fire .
A man in a gray shirt sorts through Hawaiian style shirts in a department store .
A little girl looking at a large boulder
An overweight man riding a bicycle to work
Girl in purple jacket leaning against a wall .
A boy in s striped shirt is jumping in front of a water fountain .
A dog holding a Frisbee walking in the water .
3 people having coffee outside of a museum .
3 people having coffee outside of a museum .
A cricket batsman plays at the ball while the wicketkeeper behind him gestures as if making a catch .
A man wearing a blue sweatshirt and a white hard hat is working on a construction project .
girl with helmet riding a brown horse
Elegantly dressed in black , a man and woman embrace in dance .
A bridal party is posing for a picture outdoors .
A parade of people is marching in Santa costumes on a city street .
A person in an orange kayak navigates white water rapids .
A person in an orange kayak navigates white water rapids .
Two older males sitting together on a river boat tour .
Two older males sitting together on a river boat tour .
in a girls basketball game she is shooting a foul shot
The white dog with brown spots is walking through shallow water .
A man in a small kayak is floating down the river .
Here is a little girl drinking her soda at what looks like an aquarium while the dolphin swims in the background .
A man cooks a large amount of shellfish in a wok outdoors .
A man cooks a large amount of shellfish in a wok outdoors .
A woman wearing a large bandanna around her neck is sitting at a table putting poker chips into a plastic bag .
on a snowy day a man with a north face jacket walks through the crowded streets past a garbage truck
A family holding hands in the snow are behind a man and his son , whom is wearing a blue jacket .
A lumberjack cuts down a pine tree in a snowy area .
A gymnast in a blue and pink leotard is standing on her right foot with her left foot in the air and waving a ribbon .
An extremely wet woman is wading in front of a waterfall .
An older gentleman in a blue sports jacket and glasses is talking to a woman in an off-white jacket .
A blond child is hiding behind a wooden post .
A blond child is hiding behind a wooden post .
Two cars are parked by a body of water by some cranes .
People working together to build a shed .
A male gymnast from Romania , wearing all red , holding himself vertically while upside-down on rings suspended in the air .
A black dog and a goose swim in the water .
A man standing a busy European town square with a tall placard sign printed with biblical phrases .
A crowd of people , almost all in helmets , some in masks , face the camera while someone in a red cap looks backward .
A horse and rider on a steeplechase course .
Two men trying to hoist themselves up from the water on to a walkway made of tires .
Two men climb onto tires while sitting in the muddy water .
A woman shielding her face from the sun with a colorful umbrella .
Two young women are standing in the middle of a flower garden with their arms wide open .
A band which includes an Upright Bass Player is playing in a tent in front of Canadian flags .
A band is performing on stage for people .
A couple sit on a park bench with purple balloons tied to it .
A man in a large crowd converses with his friends .
A group of construction workers are walking .
Construction workers walk towards their next job .
Two guys are on a baseball field and one is about to hit the base.a group
A man standing in the road wearing a black jacket , red shirt and jeans on a cold , snowy day .
A woman is at an art studio , painting a mural from her art supplies .
Two females and one male looking at various merchandise .
A man high on a tightrope walks and balances .
A group of people wearing blue shirts , standing in the grass .
Tourists on a bridge pose for a photograph .
A couple being romantic under the sunset .
A man in a blue suit reached towards a seated women in an office .
A group of people dressed in Santa Claus suits are looking towards an audience while a DJ runs a sound board and another person throws green balls into the air .
A group of people dressed in Santa Claus suits are looking towards an audience while a DJ runs a sound board and another person throws green balls into the air .
A farmer gives a tour of his farm to local families
Two children are sitting in the same wooden lawn chair while a green rake is leaning against the same chair .
a man and woman hug .
On a sunny day , in a lush , green field , one small girl inspects a rock while her friend goes off in another direction .
People in a warehouse , with one man kicking a bag .
A dog begins to climb a brick staircase near plants .
a bride and a groom at their wedding kissing
A brown dog in running on grass .
Three dogs drinking water at a public spigot .
Three dogs drinking water at a public spigot .
A man kneeling and a woman standing next to him .
A local policeman standing in front of the counter with complete equipments belted to his waist .
Woman is playing with a young girl , by holding her upside down .
A little girl with blond pigtails is being held upside down by a blond woman with a ponytail .
A boy plays in the surf .
Five people are in a swimming pool 3 ft. deep while there is a child on the side with blue shorts on and read floaties getting ready to jump in .
A little boy learning to swim in a pool with his arm floaties .
A busy street scene on a rainy day full of umbrella toting walkers .
A chef speaks into a microphone about a mixed salad contained in a bowl with a decorative lid .
A chef speaks into a microphone about a mixed salad contained in a bowl with a decorative lid .
Two dogs run together across a grassy lawn .
Children standing and climbing near a fountain .
A man in a white lab coat is looking through a microscope .
A man in a white lab coat is looking through a microscope .
A man in a lab coat looking into a microscope with containers in the background .
A man who has a gray beard and gray hair laughs while wearing a purple shirt .
A girl in a pink sundress rides a bike next to a white picket fence .
Man sitting down in a asian custom and styled room .
Male nun smoking a cigarette .
A little brown-haired girl up in a tree .
A little brown-haired girl up in a tree .
A man is standing next to a bin overflowing with garbage .
School kids all in blue backpacks .
Dozens of street performers in fuchsia , red , yellow and black outfits are dancing and singing along a city street .
A group of people are walking down a sidewalk beside the beach .
A standing man in a suit finishes his turn in a chess game as his seated opponent begins his in a crowded park .
The dog is walking in the snow .
Two men walking their canoe through the woods .
The man with the bag is standing on the corner .
An elderly gentleman ransacking a waste container .
A man and woman sit at a cluttered table .
a group of people walking down road heading away from the camera .
The couple are wearing glasses intended for 3D movies .
A blond woman wearing a blue and pink floral tie-front bikini on a beach , readying to put a flagpole in the sand .
Uniformed schoolgirls are walking together on the street .
A woman is sitting at a desk near to a window that has a huge picture of a hand painted on it .
A person climbs a cliff face in the woods while others watch .
Military troops are gathered together and some are using tongs to turn over a variety of food on grill racks over coals .
A group of people gathered to watch fireworks .
Four female athletes play beach volleyball at the London 2012 Olympics .
A black dog is chasing a ball on a green grass .
A singer is performing before a small crowd outside .
A guy on inline skates with a white hat is on a yellow rail .
A man in a hat is working with golden colored flowers .
A child in a red jacket , waist deep in a pit on the beach .
A view down the train tracks in a large city .
A male bartender dressed in all black with his sleeves rolled up to elbow height making a drink in a martini glass .
Two dogs sit in front of a man dressed in native American attire .
An Asian young man is drinking out of a metal cup .
A smiling costumed woman is holding an umbrella .
A group of females are sitting down on a bench .
Man in gray zippered jacket and red shirt pets a brown dog and holds a young girl in pink shirt , while a woman next to him holds an infant boy and a gray dog .
Man in gray zippered jacket and red shirt pets a brown dog and holds a young girl in pink shirt , while a woman next to him holds an infant boy and a gray dog .
A man in a suit and tie and a woman with luggage join others in waiting in the London Underground .
Three men ; one pedaling while playing drums , one playing piano and one both pedaling and steering , move a type of mobile band down a street .
Two children are with a dog on leash who is standing against a tree .
A man in a white shirt is standing in a T-shirt booth .
Big hairy dog chews on a bone while lying on a furry toy .
A woman in the street with a black shirt and stars with her mouth open .
A dune buggy traveling on sand .
Bicyclists are in the street as a crowd watches them ride by a banner that say `` London 2012 '' .
Football players square off before a play .
Football players square off before a play .
Two dogs play
A group of people plays a game on the floor of a living room while a TV plays in the background .
A group of people plays a game on the floor of a living room while a TV plays in the background .
A group of people plays a game on the floor of a living room while a TV plays in the background .
A woman in glittery face-paint and a sequined cap parades with several similarly-dressed individuals in shades of orange and brown .
A person wearing sunglasses , a visor , and a British flag is carrying 6 Heineken bottles .
A person wearing sunglasses , a visor , and a British flag is carrying 6 Heineken bottles .
A group of Asian men pose around a large table after enjoying a meal together .
A group of Asian men pose around a large table after enjoying a meal together .
Female in a pink tutu and pink boxing gloves performing in a chained off area .
The girls in the red shirts are doing flips in the air .
There is a man wearing a red shirt and brown shorts jumping up to hit a tennis ball with a racket .
An older woman carrying two pails on a sunny day .
Chevrolet car on display at a convention
A four piece male band which includes two saxophone players , a trumpet player and a trombone player are playing on a stage while two other males are dancing in front of the band .
A man uses stereo equipment .
A man with dark hair and brown skin is in a dark room with his hands on some equipment .
A dog looks content sitting on a bed after ripping up some paper
A girl is laughing while holding some rocks in her right hand .
A girl is laughing while holding some rocks in her right hand .
Three girls are sitting at desks and appear to be working intently .
Two hikers walk along a path adjacent to an old wall .
Several people are picketing oil .
The little boy in jean shorts kicks the soccer ball .
A man in a black shirt sits beneath a ` no child left behind ' powerpoint presentation .
A male child with blond-hair , green eyes , and a sticky looking mouth wearing a multicolored t-shirt has his hand wrapped around a popsicle stick and is chewing and has it inserted into his mouth where you can see 4 bright white teeth on the bottom row .
A male child with blond-hair , green eyes , and a sticky looking mouth wearing a multicolored t-shirt has his hand wrapped around a popsicle stick and is chewing and has it inserted into his mouth where you can see 4 bright white teeth on the bottom row .
A crowd is watching 2 shirtless men , one in yellow pants and one in black shorts perfom .
A boy with a bottle plays with an older girl .
A family , daughter in the middle , walks down the street .
A skater goes through a course .
Three Indian boys in shorts play with one another .
A football player in a blue `` Rams '' jersey runs with a football on a field , as another player in a white jersey falls in an attempt to tackle him .
A man holds wooden boards together as a young boy drives a nail into them .
A man wearing chuck taylor shoes and a tan shirt attempts to break free from a straitjacket in front of a crowd
A man wearing chuck taylor shoes and a tan shirt attempts to break free from a straitjacket in front of a crowd
A white male with blond-hair is drinking beer .
Two women are posing with the Naked Cowboy in Times Square , New York City .
Two girls are sitting outside on the ground in front of a lake .
a group of men are fighting in front of a bar in a European city , one of them hitting another with a stick .
several people standing below a clock tower with two clock faces .
A girl all in black and white , and carrying an umbrella , walks down the street , as others watch .
A girl all in black and white , and carrying an umbrella , walks down the street , as others watch .
A man in an urban area is sweeping the sidewalks , with a group of people in the background , crossing a street .
A man in a blue shirt climbs a rock while people behind him in red shirts watch .
A man in a blue shirt climbs a rock while people behind him in red shirts watch .
A bald man in a white t-shirt is standing at a bar next to a white leashed dog .
A man and a woman standing on a sidewalk in between buildings .
Here we have a guy using a pressure washer on the sidewalk .
An elderly woman in a crowd pushing a wheelchair .
A line of people waiting outside The Magpie cafe during the day .
A group of rollerskaters skate on a patch of cement with palm trees in the background .
Two young women are crossing a street just after a yellow school bus has passed by .
A little blond girl runs through orange cones .
This is man standing by a fruit or vegetable cart peeling a piece of fruit .
A woman sits on the beach while talking on her cellphone .
A man in a red uniform is playing backset ball with a man in a white uniform blocking his shot .
A man in a brown hooded sweatshirt outdoors with an upright bass , playing the strings with his fingers .
A inside view of an apartment showing 2 couches and a coffee table .
A group of people are at a conference watching a slideshow .
A man in a black jacket and blue jeans is holding a white coffee cup .
A man perched on a row of aquariums is using a net to scoop a fish from another aquarium .
A man perched on a row of aquariums is using a net to scoop a fish from another aquarium .
A silhouette at the bottom of an escalator .
A football player tackles an member of the opposing team .
Three boys are standing on the ledge outside of a building .
A gathering of young African males under a thatched roof .
A woman is riding a horse along a track .
Two women wearing skirts and heels walking down a sidewalk .
Here is a picture of a woman and her husband in their car smiling and waving .
Here is a picture of a woman and her husband in their car smiling and waving .
A balding older man in a yard is striking a pose similar to what one would see in Tai Chi .
Several people standing in front of a pile of snow in front of a house , with one person shoveling .
A man in a blue polo raises his wineglass to toast .
A young man wearing goggles , is jumping out of a pool , splashing water everywhere .
A Seattle firefighter standing in front of his truck .
There are a bunch of soccer players standing around the soccer field in the middle of a game .
A woman is holding a baby while standing in the middle of a room .
A blond woman talking on her cellphone as her hair blows
man smiling outside in blue shirt .
A young man wearing a gray shirt standing outside a wooden structure smiling and making a fist with his right hand .
A man carrying a hard hat is running down the street .
Three people are playing a game , wearing white clothes , somewhere tropical .
A man wearing headphones is standing in front of a poster .
A man playing a guitar while a woman in a checks the oven .
A dog digs a hole in a yard .
Little kids enjoy sprinklers by running through them outdoors .
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range .
A person in a green coat looks upwards while leaning against a fixture in front of a tree .
A youngster exploring the branches of a tree .
One man watching another man operate heavy machinery doing road construction .
3 people walking through a small field .
a pizza employee waiting for his next drive up customer
A man being shown running in a black suit , running for Haiti .
a woman and her dog sitting at an outdoor cafe table
Two young people in jeans looking at each other .
Two uniformed police officers are standing on a sidewalk while one child looks directly at the camera .
A man is standing in front of a building holding heart shaped balloons and a woman is crossing the street .
A man in a canoe throwing a yellow net into the water .
While some people look in the barn , others walk on the bridge and some are enjoying cooling off in the water by the beach .
A person walking uphill from a construction zone .
A small child outside in front of a large dirt pile .
A small child outside in front of a large dirt pile .
A man is rock crawling up a rock wall
Two indian men are dancing in suits with an indian woman in a colorful dress behind them by a brick wall .
A group of people sitting in a grassy area under a pink and white blossoming tree .
An old man wearing a hat is working on a project .
A black and a white dog are going after a tennis ball .
A little boy sitting on the ground looking up at some men dressed up like an alien creature or machine .
A slender woman wearing jeans and a colorful purse is standing on a large yellow maneuver .
A skateboarder in the air straddling his upside-down skateboard .
A little red-haired boy runs down a grassy hill followed behind by two girls .
A man is doing a handstand in a park on a sunny day .
Three people wearing black chatting on a street corner .
A person writing something on a newspaper .
Two men selling fruit at a fruit market .
There are two men standing beside a market of fruits and vegetables .
A young child , wearing a pink-polkadotted outfit , smiles at the camera as she lays on a white , shaggy rug .
A young man is washing his hair , brushing his teeth , and shaving his face simultaneously .
A gentleman on the phone at his desk while a child sits on his lap and draws on a sheet of paper
Man dressed in business casual attire playing the saxophone with the rest of a band .
A woman wearing a black shirt is standing next to an old rusted vehicle .
A woman observes a rusted antique car .
A group of kids listening to their band instructor , and reading music off their papers .
A teacher wearing a red and black striped shirt is conducting a class of about 20 playing music .
A man in a black hat and jacket is sitting down .
An accordion player with a cowboy hat plays his instrument as he looks off into the distance .
A child rests on her mother lap exhausted from a day of sun and fun at the beach .
Two blond people are sitting in a park having a conversation .
Seven men wearing bright orange reflective vests are looking inside the door of a red train .
A man dressed all in white throws the first pitch at a baseball game .
A man is standing in the corner of a baseball field , dressed in a white dress suit , having a cameraman pointing a camera towards him .
A lady is standing up holing a lamp that is turned on .
A man stands by an animal rights sign at an outdoor event .
Children are playing a game outside .
An older South American woman is knitting colorful hand warmers and enjoying herself .
Two men , each wearing a white tee-shirt and headphones make adjustments to a machine while shaded by a dark umbrella-like contraption .
A child and small dog running .
A young child sits on some pillows with a green tray of chopped-up food in front of him .
A person wearing a suit is walking through an airport .
Two people are biking past a house and field in the country .
A tennis player , wearing a yellow shirt , jumps to hit the ball to the other player , who is wearing black .
One man in all black in a bowling ally who just bowled with an orange ball .
A person dressed in all black throwing a ball down a bowling alley .
A tent advertising Surfer Magazine for the 25th annual Longboard Classic on the beach surrounded by palm trees .
A woman in a white dress walking down the street with a woman in a purple shirt crossing the street .
In a field of tall grass , a small girl feeds a larger boy a bite of some type of food .
A group of women in white robes walk through the grass .
A man in a business suit strolls beneath a covered walkway .
A woman in a colorful outfit sitting on the ground .
A Latin American weaving fabric .
A large black dog and a small brown dog are playing in the house .
A brunette woman is standing in front of a wall with graffiti .
A man inspects the uniform of a figure in some East Asian country .
A man in the street is playing drums on old cans .
Five young boys in swim trunks jump into a swimming pool at the same time .
Three young people sit outside and engage with electronic devices .
Some young boys ride bikes in the street .
Some young boys ride bikes in the street .
Two people in winter clothing sliding down a snow-covered hill .
A woman runs by in the foreground as other competitors stand on the sideline .
An older gentleman standing in front of a washer and dryer with his hand getting ready to push a button and a black basket of clothes sitting on top of the dryer next to him .
An older perhaps Asian man who is wearing a sleeveless shirt with quite a few people in the background .
A man is walking in the same direction that a model airplane is flying in dried grassland .
Two men are sitting on a grassy hillside wearing bike helmets .
Several children playing outside
A old man sells hardware parts on a dirty sidewalk .
A woman sitting eating a sandwich .
A young boy , toddler age , wearing a blue shirt plays with a yellow dump truck in a family living room .
A man with a black suit and a woman in a white dress holding red flowers and her marriage certificate got married .
People wait in line at bus stop .
A military group in uniform standing together while one of them gets their hat adjusted .
Several runners compete in a road race .
A man dressed entirely orange is taking a photo of a man sitting , there is a big group of people sitting nearby .
There 's an invisible man holding a rainbow umbrella .
A cowboy struggling to maintain control on a horse at a rodeo .
One boy sitting off to the side all alone .
A child wearing a green t-shirt takes his first steps across a playground bridge .
These two poodles , one black and one brown , are playing .
Three children run on a sidewalk with a river on one side and a wall on the other .
A man is standing in coconuts while trying to open one .
A man wearing an orange hard hat is being lowered down the side of a building .
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow .
A group of grimacing males is running on green grass , several of them are wearing Nike sneakers .
A forest scene graces a curving wall as someone sits to the rear of the picture where there is a break in the design .
A busy street full of shops and people holding hands and walking .
Street performers with Santa Clause in the middle and ladies on the sides joining hands .
A woman seated indoors wearing glasses , an orange shirt , jeans and sandals is eating from a container in her hand .
A woman in a blue shirt , white apron and yellow kerchief is placing an ingredient from a glass jar in to her dish .
A woman in a blue shirt , white apron and yellow kerchief is placing an ingredient from a glass jar in to her dish .
There are two people sitting and eating ice cream while others in the background are walking .
Boys on a field playing flag football with one boy wearing the red flag clutching the football while a boy with a yellow flag dives to get his red flag .
There is one person lying in a large , green field .
An Asian badminton player at the Olympics is sprawled on the court , face down with his racket at his side .
A little boy in a striped shirt is standing behind a tree .
An Asian child sleeping in a grocery cart in a grocery store .
Man brushes image in the sand .
A man with a mustache who is wearing white and beige carefully sculpts a sand castle .
A man with a mustache who is wearing white and beige carefully sculpts a sand castle .
A boy in a red shirt and a boy in a yellow shirt are jumping on a trampoline outside .
A girl in a white dress dancing in a field .
Three people , a woman and two men ride scooters amongst the pedestrians of a busy city street .
A man on stage wearing a red shirt is zipping up his pants .
The baby in a blue jean hat and sunglasses looks at the camera while being held .
A man and woman running side by side down a tree-lined street casting long shadows .
There are two workers one is bent over with his butt to the camera
A poor family is leaving their home with only a few belongings .
A man at the beach , building a sand castle .
One kid is running across a field carrying a football while another is close behind grabbing for his flags .
A man holding his shoe on the beach
A child is jumping off a platform into a pool .
A man with a gray beard and an apron smiles .
Young friends in a park relaxing and enjoying conversation with each other .
A girl in green is running behind a boy in red in a sports arena whilst a girl in pink is running in the background .
This man holds a teddy bear by the nostrils with one hand , and a microphone in the other .
A white-haired man reclines in a seat pad on a boat 's deck , reading a book .
A young woman with red hear and wearing a bikini top is standing with her hands together above her head , while three other people stand directly behind her with their arms in different positions , making the woman in front look as if she has many arms .
A young woman with red hear and wearing a bikini top is standing with her hands together above her head , while three other people stand directly behind her with their arms in different positions , making the woman in front look as if she has many arms .
A boy in an orange shirt sells fruit from a street cart .
A young boy in a red jacket and a child in a blue jacket sitting on the bank next to water .
Interior scene of fairly full tour bus .
A young boy and girl playing Pokemon .
A gray-haired woman wearing tan pants , a yellow and white jacket and sunglasses is sitting on a bench .
A group of men are searching for something .
Several men working to repair a McDonald 's sign .
Many people standing around a silver car with the hood raised while a young girl in a yellow shirt and blue jeans drinks from a bottle .
A woman and a naked child wade into the ocean .
A crowd watching a soccer match .
A young boy is on a patio crowded with metal tables and chairs and 2 yellow umbrellas .
A young boy is on a patio crowded with metal tables and chairs and 2 yellow umbrellas .
Two male curling players are on ice sweeping the path in front of polished rock , a small crowd watches .
A man in a checkered shirt pushes a red bin in front of him while wearing something on his head .
3 people sitting in a boat , rowing in a large body of water surrounded by greenery .
A group of constructions workers lifting a bathtub .
A woman in a pink shirt is holding a hot air balloon with an American flag on it .
A man and child working on a puzzle .
Three cheerful ladies sitting at a table doing a yarn work in a room , at the background are similar groups of ladies doing similar work .
A man holding a large swordfish .
A group of men are playing rugby in a field with houses visible in the distance .
Two girls bump into each other while they are rollerskating .
A cement truck pours cement on the street .
two cheerleaders in red an black are standing on the shoulders of other cheerleaders in front of a red curtain .
A woman watches a child play near a small pool .
A woman holding a red cup with a straw in it sits in front of a man and a woman looking at a book .
A man in a blue jacket riding a bike
Two girls wading through hip deep mud .
A person wearing orange pants in playing in the mud .
An old man is sitting in a chair outside a colorfully painted building .
An old man is sitting in a chair outside a colorfully painted building .
Man walking barefoot on the beach on what seems to be a very cloudy day .
A snowboarder in a white coat in the air after a jump .
Dirt biker number 52 making a high jump while riding his trail
A young blond child wearing only a diaper sits on a large rock at the edge of a body of water while a large black dog stands in the water nearby .
A young blond child wearing only a diaper sits on a large rock at the edge of a body of water while a large black dog stands in the water nearby .
Gymnast photographed in mid flip .
Gymnast photographed in mid flip .
A woman in a green blouse and black skirt sitting on a bench in front of an elephant model .
a man plays his guitar on the street .
The man in the red cap is rollerskating on a path in front of the white building .
Two men in shorts hang out at the beach .
A baseball pitcher wearing a purple and white uniform throwing a baseball from the mound .
There are three woman conversing at a table with drinks .
A white dog bounding through snow
A man in a black wetsuit with white shorts is windsurfing on a blue body of water with mountains in the background .
A teenage is on a surfboard .
A teenage is on a surfboard .
A woman is pushing her bike with a baby carriage in front .
Two people on scooters in a field of flowers .
A little boy wearing glasses and a t-shirt that says , `` I 'm a Pepper and Dr. Pepper , '' stands looking at an older boy sitting in the grass .
Children and adults swim in large pool with red staircase .
Two little Asian kids are dressed warmly in colorful jackets while standing on the playground .
A woman in a tan dress is tending to her wares in the market .
a big tan dog drinks water from an outdoor water spout .
A man in a shirt and tie does the splits on a wood floor
A gentleman in a black shirt and cap sits under a wavy wooden roof in an outdoor cafeteria setting .
A man in red pants skiing down a slope .
A man gives a speech at an ornate costume party .
Bikers talking in the road .
A man in a black shirt opening his mail .
Three people in coats stand in front of a blue building .
A man parasailing in rough waters .
Two men and a lady are standing outside .
A man in a kitchen leaning over a table sharpening a knife .
A person in a blue and yellow snowsuit is snowboarding and snow is coming up in the air around the board .
Two men in shorts walking in front of a trashcan .
A man lies in an alley next to two plastic bags , wearing one shoe and no shirt .
Black dog with white puppies laying on the floor .
Two young children cook by sitting on the kitchen counter .
A man with stubble on his face is holding a baby .
Several people are wading in a river in a deep gorge .
A black and white dog jumping over a red and white bar .
A man with an orange hat in a yellow canoe paddles along a river in a wooded , mountainous area .
A child is looking at some colorful dresses .
A father sitting on an exercise ball holding his newborn , while his toddler son hangs on to his back .
A crowd standing in a room with their backs to the camera .
A woman in a blue sweatshirt is shearing the wool off of a lamb .
The blond-haired and blue eyed child holds the wooden airplane in his hands .
People laying in massage chairs
An athlete executes a judo throw while a judge watches .
Young soccer players , wearing blue and white jerseys , walk around while waiting for their turn or play to begin in a soccer match .
Children 's boys outdoor soccer game , 4 children visible from the blue team in front of many background onlookers .
A man with a plaid shirt and green hat mows the lawn near the sidewalk .
A young woman wearing a white cardigan and shorts sitting on the edge of a platform that is raised above a body of water .
Several children are standing in a house looking out the window .
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage .
A baby is in an activity chair in a child 's playroom .
A baseball player catching a ball as it comes to him .
Three men excavating what appears to be a mountainside .
A band on stage playing a song with a banner in the background that says Screaming Orphans .
A boy is carrying a black body board across the sand .
A man cooking kabobs on a barbecue in his backyard .
three girls take cover under their umbrellas .
A man in a staff shirt break-dancing .
A girl is jumping off of a swing and landing on her feet .
Young child is falling through the air from a swing .
A little girl is jumping over a yellow rope .
A male with brown clothing standing on the side of the street with his thumb out with a big bag on his back .
Two Seattle firefighters standing in front of their truck .
A man in a wheelchair is being pushed towards a monk .
A man in a wheelchair is being pushed towards a monk .
Cyclist participating in an organized event cross a large suspension bridge and two women riders have stopped to pose for a picture .
Cyclist participating in an organized event cross a large suspension bridge and two women riders have stopped to pose for a picture .
Two young children in black clothing and padding perform a martial arts match where they compete against the other .
Two young children in black clothing and padding perform a martial arts match where they compete against the other .
A dressed up woman walking next to a store at night .
A black woman wearing black walking by a window with a mannequin in it .
A man wearing a black T-shirt and a tan jacket wrapped around his waist pulls a wheeled gray and black bag as he walks next to a building that has large glass windows .
A child rides a unicycle while a crowd watches .
A child rides a unicycle while a crowd watches .
A man smoking a cigarette is working outside .
A man with a striped shirt looks at a load of green and yellow vegetables on the back of a truck .
A woman wearing a red tank top is preparing food while a man and a woman sit on the other side of the kitchen counter watching her .
A small girl in a blue shirt with a posy pattern brushes her teeth with a red and yellow toothbrush .
A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building .
Two elderly men and one elderly woman standing on a sidewalk staring to their left .
A woman in brown boots talks on her cellphone and holds an umbrella .
A child in a baseball park who has just hit a baseball off a tee with a blue bat and is about to run to first base .
Two women stop between a red smart car and a group of photographers to examine their items in hand .
Two firemen beside their fire engine .
A little blond girl is running near a little blond boy .
A woman is exercising in a tropical setting .
A woman crossing a busy downtown street .
The Raiders complete the pass while the Dolphin defense scrambles to catch him .
Many people have painted faces at night .
A man and a woman wearing costume glasses -LRB- with attached eyebrows , nose , and moustache -RRB- and holding cigars .
A young boy and young girl both wearing shorts stand face on the street while an adult 's arm can be seen nearby .
Two women in bathing suits are together in a two-seat kayak in water with trees in the background .
A group of Scottish officers doing a demonstration .
A woman with sneakers and a skirt is sweeping out a storage building .
A woman walking in front of a yellow building .
A man bakes in a kitchen while wearing gloves and a hat .
The little blond-haired child is walking up the slope .
A woman in a purple shirt buying food from a street vendor .
A woman is looking at a pamphlet talking to someone , while a guy takes photos in the background .
A woman hanging out her laundry on the line .
Old man crafting something in his workshop .
A man with an open shirt and glasses holding a microphone and another man in a bowler hat and plaid suit using a bow on an instrument .
a dog chases another dog .
A girl standing by a decorated structural beam poses for a picture .
Skateboarder jumps off a 5 ft cliff , performing a stunt .
A bearded man wearing a blue shirt is playing an acoustic guitar .
Two hikers rest on a snow-covered mountain .
Two hikers rest on a snow-covered mountain .
a man scales the large rock .
A man with a cowboy hat green plaid shirt , jeans , and red boots and chaps rides a bay horse next to a young boy with a cowboy hat and blue shirt , jeans and chaps rides a pony next to him .
A man walking by a cement column next to the sea .
A person on a brown horse in a prairie in front of tall mountains .
People are standing around visiting near a fountain .
A young boy riding on the shoulders of a man outdoors .
A young girl holding a stuffed pig smiles .
Sisters waiting for their dinner to be served at a restaurant while listening to live music .
A woman dressed in a blue tennis outfit is returning a hit with her tennis racket
Blond tennis player pauses to view the crowd .
A man on a bicycle , wearing an all black outfit , looks as though he 's hanging in midair over a bridge .
A man on a bicycle , wearing an all black outfit , looks as though he 's hanging in midair over a bridge .
A young man , without apparent protective gear , is on a bicycle jumping over small hills of sand or gravel , with a long bridge and tall buildings in the background .
Two people one in a brown shirt wearing a backpack and the other wearing a pick sweater and bike helmet are kneeling at a bicycle tire .
An older man in an apron cleaning .
A woman dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree .
Two young men sitting at the end of a long table eating ; there are 3 plates full of food , two glasses with a yellow colored drink and a small orange case on the table .
A small child with a blue hood is looking out the window .
A black dog plays with a white and blue colored stuffed animal .
A man is jumping over a rock .
Old woman chasing away two lambs with a broom .
A group of children of varying ages are sitting at large tables eating .
Three people are standing on a pier between two boats .
A skilled calligrapher is working at his art .
Attractive military man with weapons and ammunition sitting on top of a netted armed vehicle .
A man in a red shirt plays his guitar while looking down .
A small colorful race car on the track with people in the background in a roped off area .
A little girl in a pink soccer outfit standing in front of a soccer net
Two women standing outside looking at a water fountain with bright green trees in the background .
A man in a white shirt has his mouth open and is adjusting dials .
A man in a white shirt has his mouth open and is adjusting dials .
A swimming dog with a small branch in its mouth .
The group of people make single file lines on the field .
A man with a tattoo is wearing sunglasses while holding a small boy .
One boy is driving a play tractor while the other boy jumps off the back of the play tractor .
A man wearing a blue jacket is looking at a glass bottle while the person next to him enjoys his food .
Children walk in the city .
A mother and her daughter are both wearing heels standing outside in a crowd on a brick pavement looking out at the street in amazement .
A mother and her daughter are both wearing heels standing outside in a crowd on a brick pavement looking out at the street in amazement .
A large competition sailboat is surrounded by three small boats in the middle of the water .
Two black dogs run along the green grass .
Smiling woman in yellow shirt gesturing .
A young boy in a striped shirt is leaning against a tree while another child sits at a picnic table .
A dancer in costumer performs on stage while a man watches .
There are five white individuals on a stage in a line , the outer four are looking inward toward the middle individual who has a beard .
Two men dressed in white robes and red capes ride bicycles while carrying staffs topped with skulls .
A woman , wearing a white shirt and green shorts , sitting on a rock in a beautiful body of water .
Volleyball player showing off her action post during the game .
Volleyball player showing off her action post during the game .
Woman is sewing in order to make a living in her country .
A surgeon is performing an open surgery .
A surgeon is performing an open surgery .
A black dog is coming out of the ocean water on the beach with something in its mouth .
A man playing a guitar and a man playing drums
Three girls fell on top of one another and are laughing histerically .
Three girls fell on top of one another and are laughing histerically .
A man in a blue shirt and light blue cap walks by a working scale model of an antique freight train .
A man in a blue uniform tries to shoot a basket during a basketball game , while surrounded by three men in white uniforms , and as another blue-uniformed player looks on .
A man and a woman are walking in the middle of a street .
Woman wearing jeans and white shirt watches as her bowling ball rolls down the lane to the pins .
Several people are sitting down playing volleyball with a sign that reads `` WheelPower '' in the background .
A man is putting on a yellow necktie while another man stands to his right side watching him .
A woman in a jacket and scarf looking a table that a man in a black shirt is cooking something on .
A child walking towards a bridge waving a flag .
A single runner , clothed in appropriate attire , jogging on a sidewalk next to a body of water , with buildings in the backdrop on the other side of the water .
a boy walks through the water .
a boy walks through the water .
Three Little boys hold hands and jump into a pool together .
A young boy walking in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap .
A young boy walking in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap .
A young boy walking in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap .
A female researcher videotaping a specimen .
A black race car starts up in front of a crowd of people .
Man dog sledding with his child in the icy snow .
A man wearing a Santa hat holds up a photo to the class .
A woman is cleaning an outdoor pool .
A man and woman showing a small child how to use a gun .
A young boy carries a green , white , and red flag and walks next to a woman .
A woman is walking with a boy who is holding a flag .
A young man in a blue checkered dress shirt sits with a young woman in a black and white striped shirt and another young woman in a white shirt as they sit on each of his legs in a park .
A dog chasing a deer in a field with yellow flowers .
Black dog with orange ball approaches camera across dead leaves .
a climber in a red shirt is scaling a rock face whilst being watched by another man in a white shirt .
A woman is standing in a very large produce section of a grocery store .
A man in a gray shirt , standing outdoors , holds something in his mouth and is passing it to the mouth of another man , who is dressed in a black shirt .
A man in a green , black , and white spandex sports uniform is riding a bike .
A group of people wearing skydiving outfits .
Multiple people starting to pack their parachutes after a successful skydive .
Multiple people starting to pack their parachutes after a successful skydive .
A person in shorts is holding a Frisbee while team member in red shirts and spectators look on .
A group of women are sitting and knitting together in a cafe .
Young blond girl holding chopsticks looks with red eyes at camera while another girl in the background looks at food .
A lone man standing a rock shore looking downward at a inland body of water with a blue ocean or other large body of water behind him extending into the horizon of a blue sky .
A man about to smash something with a very large sledgehammer .
A crowd of interested people surrounds a man swinging a sledgehammer .
Small boy hugged by person in bee costume , blurry urban background .
A treat vendor is standing in the sun while others sit in the shade under umbrellas .
Four people are bandaging a head wound .
There are four US military soldiers in this photo , only two have their faces in the picture , there is a pack of cigarettes by one of their boots , they appear to be fixing a motorcycle .
A woman on a racing horse .
A girl is working on some sort of lab experiment while another girl watches with a bored expression .
A man sits on the edge of a cliff overlooking a deep valley .
A bald , white man , talks with an old , black man , on a bench .
A man is scrapping paint off a window .
A man is scrapping paint off a window .
A young man sits at a workbench amidst a number of work tools including wire cutters working on what appears to be a large ornate necklace .
Women posing for a picture during a bicycle race on a bridge .
A woman holds a little girl next to a large wooden carving of a bear .
A girl runs in a lake while the sun sets .
the man in jeans is sitting by the river with large fish .
A man sits on the grass trying to get a hole of a fish .
A man in a red shirt is giving toys to a small dog .
A man wearing a white and blue shirt cooking corn on the cob while a different man buys a piece of corn .
A woman with a crescent tattoo on her shoulder is painting an image of a face onto a wall .
A group of people are posing as though flung back by the shock wave of someone punching the ground .
Two kids standing beside a snowman .
Man observes a wavelength given off by an electronic device .
Women and children are walking down a cement dock to board a nearby cruise ship painted red and white .
Group of casually dressed people , walking towards a large sea vessel .
Woman with headscarf and girl in red costume dress walk through urban area .
A brown , black , and white dog barking up a tree .
A black and white dog running through shallow water .
The black dog is running through water .
The woman is holding the hand of the little girl in the red dress with the polka-dotted skirt .
2 rows of woman walking towards each other on the sidewalk outside of a store with a boy 50 % sign on the golden framed windows .
A guy on a roof working on terracotta roof tiles .
A young blond girl with a red and blue mark on her cheek .
A man wearing a baseball hate is checking his phone
A little girl offers a ball to an upset toddler on a grassy field while a man in bermuda shorts stands behind them .
a girl wearing pink shoes jumps off a swing in a park
A man in swimming trunks kicking a ball at the beach .
four men are wearing red baseball caps and orange and yellow shirts .
A goalie braces himself for the ball that 's coming his way .
A little boy kisses a little girl as they sit on a hay bale with pumpkins and a Halloween display in the background .
A woman is using Frisbees to play with a dog in front of a stadium crowd and a group of baseball players .
Group of children listening to security guard .
A group of young soccer players run down the field after the ball .
A man just roaming on the streets during night .
A woman and a man are sword fighting .
The room full of youths reacts emotionally as they spectate .
A woman in a tomato-colored jogging suit carries both a red purse and a navy blue messenger bag .
a maintenance worker at the airport carries a small girl .
a woman holding a child in a purple shirt
A young man dressed in a black t-shirt , blue jeans and a blue baseball cap performs a skateboarding trick on a granite bench in front of a pharmacy building .
The exhaustion in the woman 's face while she continues to ride her bicycle in the competition .
There is a woman here in a children 's room , wearing a red vest , with her hand in a fake sharks mouth .
A man in black pants and a white shirt is walking down the sidewalk in front of a building that has graffiti on it .
The man in the black and white shirt is running with a ball .
A guy looking out over the scenic forest .
A woman prepares ingredients for a bowl of soup .
Two people riding bikes in the rain at skate park .
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets .
A group of friends stand around at night while one in a brown coat blows bubbles from a blue container .
A street vendor in chef 's clothing with a food cart , which has gathered people around it .
A child is wearing white and blue face paint .
A child is wearing white and blue face paint .
Boy with white powder and blue writing on his face
A man in a denim shirt and pants is smoking a cigarette while playing a cello for money .
A young boy wearing crocs tries to hit yellow golf balls into a large lawn overlooking a town .
A woman walks next to a subway exit .
A boy wearing a black shirt is playing a game at the arcade .
A boy wearing a black shirt is playing a game at the arcade .
A teenage boy is standing in front of a game machine in an arcade hall ready to put a token into a coin slot .
Two hockey players battling for the puck after a face off .
Two young girls are playing large stringed instruments behind music stands , with a window in the background .
A person in red playing football on the beach .
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun .
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun .
A woman , in a green shirt , preparing to run on a treadmill .
A woman , in a green shirt , preparing to run on a treadmill .
A bunch of people are watching a man with his left arm wrapped around the legs of his downed , struggling wrestling opponent on a blue mat .
two wrestlers wrestling , the one on the bottom is in submission and could possibly be in pain .
A cute couple at a club
Three adult bystanders and one child looking up toward the sky while standing on the sidewalk .
This child is feeding a male deer .
A man biting a candle while a woman holds a cake .
Two people are sitting under a tent while another stands .
A little girl with brown hair is blowing the petals off of a flower .
A little girl with brown hair is blowing the petals off of a flower .
Two teams , one wearing black and white , one wearing red and white , and a man in yellow and black , play football -LRB- soccer -RRB- in a stadium .
A large crowd gathered in front of McDonald 's .
A person in a hooded shirt is photographing a tree near some mountains and a lake .
A person in a hooded shirt is photographing a tree near some mountains and a lake .
A man with a blue and gray shirt is standing in front of a metal fence while taking a picture of the landscape .
A man with a blue and gray shirt is standing in front of a metal fence while taking a picture of the landscape .
His back facing us , a young man photographs a lovely mountain lake scene under a hazy sky .
A young boy plays in the sprinklers , allowing the water to spray completely over his right arm .
One man stops to give a sweet kiss to a cow near a train on an overpass .
two people in a rowboat in a river .
A boy wearing blue jeans is skateboarding .
A race car driver with a red suit and colorful helmet drives a car on the street with the number 12 on the front .
two bicyclists in spandex and helmets in a race pedaling uphill .
3 women and 2 men waiting by a wall in the park talking
Very young boy in a green shirt laying face down on a white bed .
A participant in a dog sled race passes onlookers .
There are two men playing college basketball , one in light blue and one in white , and fans are looking on .
People dancing and being watched by a man wearing a shirt that says security .
A man is wearing blue button down shirt talking to media during a crowded protest .
A skateboarder does a trick at a skate park .
A skateboarder does a trick at a skate park .
Two teenagers in green and brown coats pose for a picture while out shopping .
Four men are playing soccer , two in white jerseys , one in a red jersey and a goalie in the background .
A man in gray slacks and sweater observes marker placed in front of a fence in a field .
People riding on a tour bus in a parade wave to the bystanders .
Three men pose for a picture while standing in front of table at a conference .
A man and a woman at a meal , with a dog between them .
People are gathered around the table filled with food .
Two people are walking down the street holding hands in the fall .
Two children are sleeping while someone is fingering through a book of music .
People go about their daily routines - selling food , cutting hair - on the ghetto streets of Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam .
A woman wearing a red scarf raises her hand as she walks in a parade .
A man painting in front of a storefront , his paintings are displayed .
Two women , one wearing a red , white and blue bikini pose for a picture on a city 's street .
A woman with a pink tank top and two different shoes poses for a picture with another woman wearing a purple wig , black cowboy hat , american flag bikini and high heeled boots .
A shirtless man sleeps in his blue boat out on the open waters .
A man wearing a green shirt is grinning at the computer screen with his hand on the mouse .
A black and white dog playing with a broken volleyball
Two men holding their mouths open .
People in helmets wait in a long line .
A man in a blue shirt leans on a wall beside a road with a blue van and red car with water in the background .
A person surfs through a wave as it crashes down .
A skydiving instructor with a student strapped together while skydiving .
An elderly man is posing in front of some rock formations .
A curly-haired child is blowing away dandelion seeds while laying in a field of lush green grass .
A square full of people and life .
A child poses his head through a hole in a painted wall .
A little child is looking towards someone while their head is in a painting designed like a bean .
A man is standing on a rooftop looking at his camera .
The little dog walking on the grass has a red bow in its hair .
A group of 5 girls in school uniforms are standing together and waiting to cross the street while one girl takes a picture .
A group of schoolgirls are standing together while one is taking pictures .
Woman in light blue knit hat and light blue zippered jacket kneels in front of a bowl of liquid and small bottle .
A boy in dark blue clothes is kneeling while holding a toy .
A boy in dark blue clothes is kneeling while holding a toy .
A group of Japanese women wearing matching outfits walking across a crosswalk while passersby stare .
A man juggles flaming objects with a fence and a car in the background .
The police officer riding a horse is talking to a man riding a bike .
A woman in a poky dot jacket jumping in the snow with shopping bags on both of her wrists a city .
A woman in a poky dot jacket jumping in the snow with shopping bags on both of her wrists a city .
A volleyball match , with players in primarily red uniforms , being played in front of a large crowd .
Asian workers assembling a wood project .
Man standing on a tricycle riding in front of a crowd .
A man wearing a U.S. Navy uniform and a woman in a uniform are watching an even with worried expressions on their faces .
A young man and woman lay on a bed , the woman makes a goofy face .
A toddler is playing with colorful plastic building toys .
A group of boy scouts are standing in an alert position .
An African Boy Is Looking Out From A Wooden Enclosure , He Is Wearing A Chain Necklace .
A woman in a black coat is riding her bike on a street as a man in shorts and a striped top looks at her as he passes her .
A woman in a black coat is riding her bike on a street as a man in shorts and a striped top looks at her as he passes her .
Woman helps bride into dress .
A man and woman dance together .
A man who appears to be homeless , sitting on the ground with a blue jacket on and a bald spot in the middle of his head .
A young boy is in an overgrown field with a toy lawn mower .
A young boy is in an overgrown field with a toy lawn mower .
Music can be created , through winded instruments , by winded instruments , and they are all enjoyed by different peoples , throughout the world .
A woman with red dyed hair standing and walking with her purse among a group of seated people .
An Asian man in a black robe is holding up a small fan by a bush with smoke coming out of it .
Buddhist priest blessing his worshipers .
A little boy is standing alone in a wooded park .
An Asian man is standing on a rusty dock surrounded by ropes and tires and is sticking a fishing pole into the water in front of him .
Rear view of woman walking along side of building .
A woman with a purple purse sits on the metro with her suitcase .
A group of youths , one wearing a t-shirt labeled `` L.A. City Lounge South '' , are working on a craft project that involves the use of flour .
women wearing black tank top cutting another woman 's shirt while riding a bus .
The girl is paddling a rusty canoe in the water .
A man walks down the alley talking on his cellphone .
The brown dog next to the swimming pool has a ball in its mouth .
A man in a black cap and black coat looks down while standing next to a woman wearing a blue scarf and gray coat , whose hair is in her eyes .
Backside view of a South America street vendor tending to her upright oven with a second woman looking away .
Three children in swimsuites are having fun outside near a white building .
Three children in swimsuites are having fun outside near a white building .
A hockey fight .
A hockey fight .
A man in a blue helmet jumping off of a hill on a dirt bike .
A man in an orange hat and brown jacket and pants running on snow in snowshoes .
Four motorcycles are racing on a dirt track .
A woman in a purple dress talks on her cellphone and a man reads a book as a two-story bus passes by outside their window .
A cute puppy fetches a yellow ring chew toy in the yard .
Two elderly men having a conversation .
Two men in uniform hold up sign with young children .
A balding man with a checkered shirt and khaki pants naps on his recliner with his keys on his lap .
A boy in sandals is looking at a camera in a busy street .
A boy in sandals is looking at a camera in a busy street .
Two girls are in line about to order at a Mexican eatery .
Rugby player in blue dives to tackle the ball carrier in white .
A tattooed boxer is punching his opponent in a boxing arena .
A tattooed boxer is punching his opponent in a boxing arena .
A young man is standing staring at something .
A lady wearing a red and white polka dot swim cap is swimming in a pool .
A young girl is swimming in a pool .
One woman with blond-hair smiles in the foreground while another prepares to blow a noisemaker in the background .
A woman dressed as Snow White walks with other girls in costume down a street .
A man is looking over a small cliff .
A butterfly costumed girl waves at the crowd .
Six women that are showing their nationality by holding a flag .
Woman standing on a ladder fixing letters on a theater sign , while one woman watches and one man stands nearby .
A young woman standing on a tall ladder is changing the display title on the front of an old movie theater .
A boy with a board strapped to his feet does a trick while holding onto some kind of rope .
A boy with a board strapped to his feet does a trick while holding onto some kind of rope .
a body boarder is being dumped on the beach by a wave whilst other surfers are standing around in the water .
A man is standing at a machine .
A man wearing a blue shirt with black stripes and a woman who is wearing a white jacket are walking down a narrow pathway
A person on a brown horse wearing jeans , a plaid shirt , and a cowboy hat attempts to lasso a running calf .
A person on a brown horse wearing jeans , a plaid shirt , and a cowboy hat attempts to lasso a running calf .
A small boat carrying at least one passenger floats in the water near a dock around sunset .
A small boat carrying at least one passenger floats in the water near a dock around sunset .
A person floating on a river near a metropolitan area .
A young woman rides by herself on a swinging carnival ride .
A young woman rides by herself on a swinging carnival ride .
A young boy falls off his skateboard into a pile of brown leaves in the road .
A chef mixes batter while showing a student instructions .
A man in orange and white rides his mountain bike through a forest .
Two men in yellow jackets and black pants have medals .
A blue uniformed rollerskater is struggling for the lead against a long-haired , tattooed and red uniformed rollerskater .
A young boy in a brown shirt and green shorts shares a laugh with an elderly lady wearing a black pants outfit .
A woman holding a purse reaches up to grab the hands of a performer dressed as the statue of liberty wearing sunglasses .
Two men are on a cherry picker proceeding to perform work at a construction site .
A young boy wearing safety swimming gear and goggles is in a pool .
A man sits as a man behind him washes a bus .
Man on cellphone walking in front of silver car next to green grass .
An Asian man attempting to repair a green bicycle outdoors while two other Asian men stand by .
An Asian man attempting to repair a green bicycle outdoors while two other Asian men stand by .
A little girl and lady wearing face paint and costumes are among others holding orange balloons and an event .
A man wears a brightly colored ceremonial robe while holding a similarly colored cone shaped hat with a star on top .
A customer places his order at Quiznos while another customer looks on .
A bald man in a red shirt and khaki shorts buys something from a woman wearing a visor in a store .
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background .
A young boy wearing blue pajamas and yellow glasses leaping into the air .
A man in a fleece jacket works with a piece of tin .
A large tan dog is rolling around on its back in a yard of grass .
Young people in uniform are playing in a rugby game .
a man in a tan shirt is standing at the kitchen counter looking at food .
An athlete on the Slough Jets hockey team is skating on an ice rink with a hockey stick equipped .
A young boy in a Boy Scout shirt sits in a folding camp chair indoors , with other similar chairs around him , and a green tent behind him .
Four black teenagers are playing basketball inside a gymnasium while another one watches .
View of a soccer ball being kicked into a goal net
Two people in a dense jungle area with trees and grass everywhere .
Man and woman walking near the ocean .
Man and woman walking near the ocean .
Men are running and jumping and twisting in the air as a crowd of people watches .
Several men dressed in Renaissance outfits .
A man drawing pictures of individuals sits under an umbrella with previous works such as justin beiber around him .
The girl in yellow shorts and white jacket has a tennis ball in her left pocket .
A couple of travelers in a train station .
A person on a motorcycle .
Two people are in the ocean .
Three different women having fun with a toy in the living-room .
A man is holding a very long leash attached to a very large dog who is smelling the grass .
A young man is having his dreadlocks cutoff by a woman with scissors .
The lady carrying the big bag is walking under the trees in bloom .
A girl in black shorts pushing a bike down the street .
A man and woman , she 's dressed all in white , he has a white shirt , holding hands while walking
Small boys in sports jerseys play with a yellow ball .
Scene from a life show with man singing in the center , there are two women one on each side of him .
A baby in a bathrobe waits for his shower .
A little boy in a bathrobe sits on a bench near the shower in a bathroom .
A woman soaks her feet in a natural pool in a landscape of rocks , with green covered tents in the background .
A young women dips her feet into a natural spring in an outdoor setting .
A male in a black hat , brown jacket and black and white sports pants reading a newspaper next to an aged stone building with a bike out front .
A female is looking through a microscope .
A group of black children , huddled around a white soldier , they are all clapping .
a child is playing with a green , white and red spinning toy that turning on the ground .
A Jockey in a blue helmet , red shirt and white pants is riding a race horse with `` sparkasse '' signs in the background .
Young man in a red hat , gray shirt , and jeans , performs a trick in the air with his skateboard .
A girl in green looks at the camera and stands in front of a huge crowd of indescript faces .
A dark colored man receives felicitations from a white colored woman which is seen by another white colored man .
Several horsemen are riding past each other carrying flags .
Three men and two women stand facing the ocean from the shore on a sunny day .
A costumed man stands tall above a crowd of his contemporaries in the midst of a party in a white room , furnished with overhead lights and a gray-scale painting on the wall behind him .
A costumed man stands tall above a crowd of his contemporaries in the midst of a party in a white room , furnished with overhead lights and a gray-scale painting on the wall behind him .
A woman nibbles at a food item in her hands .
A woman in black pants is looking at her cellphone .
A child dressed in blue jeans with rolled cuffs and a pink hoodie waits outdoors at the foot of the stairs with an axe .
They are sitting on the edge of a fountain
A black and white dog prepares to catch a Frisbee .
A man in a bear suit , holding the head of the costume in his hand , stands at the back of a crowd .
A group of men riding bicycles in a line .
A shirtless man is cooking on an outdoor grill .
Three young girls are walking hand in hand in a crowd of people .
A small girl learning to fold some clothes .
A little girl in a pink Dora shirt with a pink hat on and a pink lei around her neck is cleaning some rocks with a toothbrush in a white plastic tub .
People standing near trash bags outside .
a person holding a picture of a face in front of their own face sitting on a bench .
a person holding a picture of a face in front of their own face sitting on a bench .
Three women and a man interacting on the street .
There are three ladies dress in blue stand cheering .
Three middle-age women are on a stage , one singing and the other two cheerleading in blue uniforms .
Two men , one kneeling and one squatting , are posing in front of a clear wall with shops in the background .
A smiling baby wearing a striped shirt , held by a woman with gray hair .
A lady in a black shirt is standing in a crowd with a rolled up piece of paper in her hands .
A group of people are sitting at a table having a meal .
A clerk at a store is idling a waiting for next customer .
A man and woman stand facing each other , the man holding an instrument and the woman holding a piece of paper .
A graying man with glasses is standing in back of a barber 's chair in a seemingly empty barber shop .
A group of men in fatigues eat at a fast food restaurant .
Race team in black t-shirt service their red and white car .
Eight women in bright dresses , embracing themselves , dance on stage while looking up at the camera .
A lady siting on the ground cutting decorating out a white sheet .
A man is carrying a child on his shoulders .
A team of people on a bike race .
Some people standing outside next to a flower vendor and across the street from a McDonald 's on a rainy day .
A girl in a blue shirt leaps into the air .
A schoolgirl wearing a white dress , blue-striped knee socks , a blue tie , and braids , smiles in front of a line of her classmates .
A little baby is sitting on the ground with his hands in a cup .
A young Asian woman wearing modern clothing leans against a cast iron fence in front of a brick building .
A girls sports team putting their hands in a circle to do a bonding cheer .
A child is reaching up to the counter using a step stool .
A woman smiling while on a bicycle .
Two women wearing black t-shirts are sitting in the grass .
Two men are in a bare room sweeping the floor .
Two men are in a bare room sweeping the floor .
Several women with long hair and mini-dresses walk together .
A girl in a red and white uniform tagging out a girl in a black uniform and helmet during a competitive game of softball .
A street scene of people on scooters .
Three motorcyclists are racing on dirt bikes .
Three motor-cross bike racers in a competition .
A man holds a sign outside a hotel that reads `` Ok Ok Ok , I need money for beer , pot and a hooker . ''
A group of men walks next to train tracks that are covered in snow .
A child climbing a rock .
A man is performing tricks with his superbike .
A man is performing tricks with his superbike .
A man wearing a tan hat and shirt , an orange safety vest , and dark glasses gestures towards a nearby car .
A small crowd of people gathered together watching activity occurring in front of them .
A crowd of people are looking at various items for sale on top of a table at an outdoor event .
A woman with a beautiful dress and matching umbrella is walking down the street carrying a purse on her arm .
A man and a woman repairing something .
A woman in a blue shirt stands with her hands on her hips .
A cyclists rides up a hill amid cheering bystanders .
A man in a black , white , and red uniform is holding yellow ski poles and racing or preparing to race .
A girl wearing a teal shirt smiles while holding a piece of paper , with the other side held by someone standing off-camera .
Racing on wet road while man hangs on back .
A woman with a red scarf is juggling oranges .
A person performs a snowboarding trick on a rail as a man crouches down to get a better view .
three children are locked in a cage .
People are camping in a group .
A woman at a campground .
Two people in a field looking off-camera .
Two women are riding motorized bicycles through a street .
Black man singing with microphone
A group of people dressed in formal wear pose for a picture .
A young girl sits on a blue bench drinking out of a straw .
A man with blond-hair and tattoos strolls behind bleachers on the cellphone .
Four people in a kitchen
A man with an orange jacket , takes the photo of four women , and a man in a greenish yellow suite .
A young child is looking at a commuter train station from the train seat .
A person is folding laundry on the floor .
A person is folding laundry on the floor .
Two blond girls and 2 brunettes walking down a really long hallway with intricate paintings on the walls .
The girl is swinging on a rope over a small pond .
man in white shirt and striped shorts playing organ being observed by man wearing yellow shirt
man in white shirt and striped shorts playing organ being observed by man wearing yellow shirt
A man in a black shirt is standing behind a blue SUV .
A black and brown dog attempts to catch a red ball in its mouth .
A dog owner is running along side his pet while the pet avoids obstacles on a course .
A woman on vacation enjoying a vanilla ice cream cone .
The brightly dressed middle eastern women are conversing in the market .
A large elderly woman in a green stripy dress is carrying shopping bags along a cobbled street .
A man standing in a stairwell with a green strip on the wall .
A rather tall man and a woman wearing a red top and blue jeans waiting at on the sidewalk .
Woman singing on stage in front of backup dancers
Speakers in a room full of people sitting in chairs .
People riding an old looking trolley .
Three woman are standing in a room .
A man walking towards the open sea .
A race car speeding on the track .
A lone red , white , and black race car is being driven by a single driver on a racetrack .
A man waving at the camera holding a stick with a pile of wood .
A man sitting in a small shelter with various articles of clothing hanging on the wall .
Young girl playing with chocolate milk powder .
Two children are diving side by side into a river .
People working together to plant flowers .
A lone man sitting in a large decorated area .
A small group of adults and children are in a room with large glass windows and using rolling pins .
A group of people wearing light blue shirts and dark blue pants moving around all together .
A man drags a young boy in swim trunks into the surf at what appears to be a beach in a tropical location .
A boy with a concerned look it holding up two newspapers featuring a headline about murder .
This man is trying to make his wife laugh by blowing bubbles in the bathtub .
Four construction workers , wearing neon vests , stand at a construction site along with some equipment .
A young boy is bowling for one pin with a ball outside , while 3 other people are in the background .
Two men not wearing any pants are sitting next to each other , both reading , on public transportation .
A woman sitting with two men hugging .
Blue race car raises dust cloud on road as spectators take photos .
Spray obscures the face and torso of the paddle wielding man in the red kayak .
Military woman using a microscope .
A group of people walking across the street some carrying large black and red flags .
A middle-aged Asian woman is standing behind a counter preparing food .
A group of four people are standing in the ocean next to a jet ski while a man close by fishes .
A person in gray snowboarding down a hill .
A man rows a small dingy laden with green plants on a river .
A small boy purchases vegetables from an older man .
Middle-aged man in jeans and dark blue t-shirt carrying a black item and walking across a lawn .
A young man with a blue hoodie sweatshirt that says New York across the front , sings into a microphone in front of a crowd of people .
A man in a green and black coat is leaning on trashcan .
A man in a green and black coat is leaning on trashcan .
A person with dark hair is standing on the sidewalk in front of an orange and white truck .
A person with dark hair is standing on the sidewalk in front of an orange and white truck .
A child in green winter clothes is holding his or her hand up while two other children look at him or her .
Worker sawing a large fish with a band saw .
A girl carries large sacks across a backdrop of foliage .
Three people on bicycles , pedaling down the side of a road , with a jeep following them .
Two women kickboxing , the woman wearing red is blocking a kick from the other smirking woman wearing blue .
A young boy wearing blue shorts is splashing is a blue kiddie pool .
A woman wearing a blue hairnet and apron talks over her shoulder as she grasps a plastic pitcher .
Horses jumping a hurdle in a race .
A man wearing a black t-shirt is preparing a meal following directions from a recipe book .
Man in green vest directing traffic in snowy conditions , pedestrians standing on the sidelines .
Two men making dance moves as a woman films the event in the living room of a house or apartment .
A woman in a dark blue , and white sweater , walks with her son , down a street .
Performers wearing bright robes , one with a long necklace and some masks .
A mountain biker rides up a hill on a red bicycle .
A smiling child is standing behind a tree .
Man biking in half pipe with graffiti on cement .
A man riding a bicycle on pavement with graffiti .
A maintenance worker walking past a statue .
A very young child in a red plaid coat and pink winter hat makes a snowball in a large pile of snow .
A very young child in a red plaid coat and pink winter hat makes a snowball in a large pile of snow .
Some people are playing ping-pong .
Brunette man play saxophone in a busy outdoor shopping center as people look on , he wears a camouflage jacket and saxophone is gold .
A man wearing a black jacket plays on his smartphone , while the little girl next to him wearing a scarf and blue jacket reads a book .
A man in a bicycle is passing through a house with blue doors .
Two men , and one girl are wearing life jackets and swimming in the water .
a group of people are wearing costumes
A man is laying down on grass near trees and a hose .
A small tan dog jumping out of the water
This lady had a lot of freckles .
Two dogs swimming .
Young women on a retreat .
A crowd of people are sitting in seats in a sports ground bleachers .
A racing motorcycle rider has fallen off his bike and is sliding on the ground while another rider is driving behind .
A group of kids sitting around a table while another person holds a circle blocking out light .
A pale dog runs down a path .
A man and woman sit on a park bench with a set of newlyweds behind .
A woman in a kitchen holds a can surrounded by bowls .
man wearing a harmonica playing the guitar and singing
Two construction workers sitting around a hole with a third construction worker in it .
A clown making a balloon animal for a pretty lady .
A girl is throwing a football on the beach .
a bearded man takes a nap .
A black woman balancing a large platter on her head that has many bagged items on it .
A young girl throws sand toward the ocean .
A dog is running through an obstacle course in front of a group of people .
A cabin shot of a very crowded airplane
Three people on a beach .
A man in his 30 's is sitting on a curb of a busy sidewalk , dressed in a furry green costume .
A couple of friends have a drink .
A pedestrian adjusting shoes and accessories .
A girl with a balloon animal in her left hand looks up as a person on stilts leans down to show the girl something .
A man sitting at a desk , repairing antique typewriters .
A man sitting at a desk , repairing antique typewriters .
A race cars muffler catches on fire .
A person is kneeling between two horses
A blond guitarist , dressed all in black , performs .
A man and a woman stare at the skyline .
A band performs beneath colorful stage lights , the bass player singing into the microphone while the guitarist and drummer play in the background .
A lady dances in a polka dot dress and a head of flowers with a fan clasped in her hand while others are looking in a different direction with two men holding onto a ladder and others discussing .
Young lady during a performance of modern dance .
A young man with a plain shirt looking down , with a band and dancing people behind him .
An Asian woman stands along a road where 2 buses have passed holding her bags .
A group of people walk up a ramp on a cloudy day .
Man working behind a watch repair booth on the street .
A group at an outdoor party includes a man wearing camouflage pants with neon orange boots and suspenders .
This car is leaving a dust trail as it travels along a dirt road in a wooded area .
A band of people playing brass instruments is performing outside .
A man in a red shirt is curled up on pavement outdoors .
Four women in front of Odeon wear similar black , pink and white superman type shirts and jean skirts .
A man in a black hoodie watching a man in a red cap .
A man operates a piece of earth-moving equipment near a waterway .
A man operates a piece of earth-moving equipment near a waterway .
A bridal party assembles outside a stone building .
Two men kayaking on the ocean near the shore while they fish .
The person is standing in the doorway beneath the tree .
The Rockettes perform on the street in front of Radio City Music Hall , as well as next to a cop car .
A man hanging outside with a rope harness paints a structure 's exterior wall with blue paint .
A woman dressed in a black sweater , blue jeans , and golden high heel boots is looking a merchandise in a storefront window .
A group of young men are raking lives in front of a home .
A woman , whose face can only be seen in a mirror , is applying eyeliner in a dimly lit room .
Torch-bearing runner , about to be photographed by onlooker , enjoys the smiles and shouts of the crowd .
This boy is in deep concentration playing a game of ping-pong .
Four girls and a lady learning how to do some crafts .
A group of people play a game in the road .
A redheaded woman walking across the street .
Two Asian women talking and having drinks at a small round table .
Two ladies are sitting in the restaurant talking and laughing .
A group of people engaged in some sort of outdoor gathering or ritual .
A small group of young black men , some in traditional African dress , are assembled outdoors .
Chef 's working in a kitchen .
A man wearing a pink shirt and wearing glasses crouching down in front of a basket of clothing at the laundromat .
A black dog leaps from the water near a wooded shoreline
Three people in t-shirt , yellow helmets and harnesses begin to climb ladder .
A boy on a skateboard ramp .
Two people sitting on a bench by the water with a dog .
A man is playing with a baby on a deck .
A man on stage holds a hello kitty guitar and looks to the right of the picture .
A street filled with people walking and riding bikes .
Two men and one woman are performing music on a stage .
A group of people on the beach with cameras .
A mother pushing a stroller and holding the hand of a toddler .
A man in a beanie doing a bike trick .
Two people here are wearing something around their necks .
A woman is riding a bike as a child rides on the back of the bike .
Seagulls are flying above the crashing waves .
People are talking to a camera crew with video and microphone .
A group of women observe as two men attempt to fix their bikes .
A young boy with his mum going home after playing toy games .
A father with a red shirt and beard is cuddling with his two children in a chair .
A man holding his two adorable babies .
Woman dressed in red holding two fans , one red and one black .
Two dogs playing on snow covered ground
A man with a black shirt holds a baby while a blue shirted individual faces them .
A man in blue with a black hat with a dog leaping at him in a park-like setting .
Elderly woman with green sweater picking out produce in outdoor market .
A man cooks chicken on the grill , while others enjoy food in the background .
A group of people standing on rafts with a waterfall in the background .
Several black children sit at a table with colorful laptops in front of them .
Several black children sit at a table with colorful laptops in front of them .
Two dogs play together on the bed .
Two dogs play together on the bed .
A person in a blue sweatshirt replaces letters in a theater marquee using a long pole .
A person in a blue sweatshirt replaces letters in a theater marquee using a long pole .
Two people are walking up a mountain .
A woman in a striped shirt posing for the camera while another woman holding a drink looks on .
A man wearing a horned hat poses for a picture .
While drinking a coupe of Red Stripe beers , a man with a gray t-shirt speaks to another man wearing a blue button up shirt .
Woman sitting at a park bench reading a book .
Children with painted red faces being sprayed with water , on grass .
A young girl wearing a blue , flowered , spaghetti strap dress is eating marshmallows on a stick while sitting in a bucket of water .
A man in a hat is riding a motorized skateboard .
Two children feeding horses through a fence .
A man drives a motorcycle , with a woman in an orange sari and a young girl in a blue dress riding in the backseat .
A male musician is playing guitar for a show on stage .
A marching band of kids while at a rodeo .
A young man is using gloves to control a device with wires in it .
A woman is holding a cake frosted with chocolate-colored frosting and decorated with orange and yellow stars in front of a boy with blond-hair .
A man in a green shirt playing drums .
A person in a blue shirt and tan shorts getting ready to roll a bowling ball down the alley .
A woman in a white dress with one leg stops to read a poster .
Soccer players dressed in bright blue and white uniforms are jumping in the air .
A smiling young man is standing indoors with his left foot on a blue-wheeled child 's scooter and his right foot on a yellow-wheeled child 's scooter .
A man with a checkered shirt on is giving a powerpoint presentation to people .
A man with a checkered shirt on is giving a powerpoint presentation to people .
A couple dancing alfresco dressed in turquoise tops , the lady is held up in the air with her hands stretched upwards .
A man speaking or singing into a microphone while playing the piano .
A man in a black jacket plays a black electric guitar and sings .
A man is photographing a small staked camel and a woman is trying to walk past it .
A girl wearing a maroon shirt leaps into the air while in the woods .
Three workers bent over pulling grass .
A person is sitting in front of three blue and white port-o-potties with a mop propped against them .
A woman is cutting something with scissors .
A woman lies on a bed with a red , orange , and blue striped comforter crumpled up next to her .
A japanese person with bleached blond-hair set in a design with spikes , wearing a black leather jacket .
A man wearing a white shirt and black shorts in competing in pole vault .
Three glass elevators with people inside of them .
Three glass elevators with people inside of them .
Six workers are working on the train tracks .
A little boy is kneeling on the floor , scribbling with an orange and blue crayon on a paper , at a little table with the arm of a man resting on the table .
A man sits beside parked cars on a city street .
an middle eastern man in a white robe is sitting on a wooden bench with his shoes off .
A man in a black shirt is working out in a gym , while a woman behind him is on a treadmill .
A little girl sitting in a small body of water , with sand and beach toys surrounding her .
A young boy in a cowboy hat and holding some food sits in the back of a small vehicle while an adult leans over in the background next to a large blue device displaying the words 99 % Angel .
A man and a woman dressed in semi-formal attire show faces of excitement looking over a table with Jenga blocks scattered over it .
Four people with shopping carts full of bags .
A man in a wetsuit surfing .
A woman wearing a black shirt with a cigarette in her right hand is smiling at the camera .
A dog with a red object in its mouth is hurrying down a smooth path near grass and another dog .
A dog runs along the shore of a pond with two elegant geese swimming .
A man playing a sport in a green uniform holding a paddle over his head .
Seven children all jump as the photo is taken .
A light colored dog splashes through the water .
A man snowboards .
A man in a light colored uniform is outside an Asian restaurant cleaning the display window which features exotic foods hanging on hooks .
Young man engraves Arabic writing into a stone .
A little girl in a pink jacket is walking .
A person in orange climbs a sheer cliff face covered in snow and ice .
A person in orange climbs a sheer cliff face covered in snow and ice .
A brown dog carries a long stick on the green grass .
A man wearing large snowshoes runs inside of a seemingly crowded ski resort .
A woman , wearing a dress , while sitting down playing a musical instrument and singing into a microphone .
An old bearded man plays a hand flute on the side of a sidewalk .
Two young men play trumpet in traditional mariachi dress .
A man providing entertainment on the sidewalk by playing the violin .
People work diligently on there computers at their desks .
Two young girls dressed in pink reach into wishing fountain at mall .
A guy wearing a black shirt and gray pants pushing his shopping cart past a candy aisle of a Walmart .
A group of people walking in a line through the snow toward a mountain .
A young boy is pushing someone with a broken foot into the hospital .
A girl in a child 's swimming pool .
a dog carries a large stick through the field .
A man wearing black clothing is standing at an empty table that has water glasses and papers strewn about .
A man wearing black clothing is standing at an empty table that has water glasses and papers strewn about .
Two men are on a boat trying to fish for food during a sunset .
Three men handling a net on the seashore .
A girl in black is sitting on the ledge of a balcony , and she is speaking with a group of chefs .
The people ride down the road on sleds .
A crowd of people in a lightly snow covered opening with trees to the left and buildings in the background .
Two men sitting on horses one wearing a cowboy hat , the other in a baseball cap , with a big tree behind them .
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow .
A man wearing padded arm protection is being bitten by a German shepherd dog .
A boy wearing a yellow jersey is accepting the baton from a female wearing a yellow jersey in a relay race .
people walking to a special place .
A crowd of people in colorful dresses .
A young child is being held by another child looking straight at us .
A couple of peace corp workers are helping a black kid dig .
Javelin competition
A group of people in white sports outfits are gathered together while one of them performs a dance .
A small dark-haired boy climbing in a large tree .
A group of Indian young women and girls are bathing at the edge of a pool with their dry clothes and a building in the background .
Seven women stand and sit around a waters edge and one of them women sitting in the middle with her bare feet in the water drinks from a water bottle .
Two men , one in a gray tattered suit and the other in a brown shirt , are looking down .
Group of men post on the stairway of an old house .
A woman in a college t-shirt walking quickly carrying two shopping bags .
Group of people waiting at the voting booths .
Group of people waiting at the voting booths .
a cat sits alone in dry grass .
A man stands on the sidewalk near a lamp post as well as a pillar forming part of an edifice .
A girl and a guy biking down a long strip of road with people jogging in the distance .
A shirtless man in shorts is fishing while standing on some rocks .
Two guys are examining the front brakes on a bike , while one guy with a wrench is working on them .
With the sun rising , a person is gliding with a huge parachute attached to them .
A baseball player is sliding into a base while the baseman is catching an incoming ball during a major league baseball game .
A young woman and a young man are talking with a group of other people around .
A young woman and a young man are talking with a group of other people around .
A boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a couch with other people .
A small group of people listen to a man in a blue shirt in front of a natural stone two-story structure with five steps leading to a white door on the lower level .
Four cheerleaders performing a cheer on court at UCLA .
A group of children sit on a blue mat while they eat out of bowls .
Four men riding in a gray , fast moving boat appear to be wearing vests .
A man in a blue plaid shirt and blue jeans , wearing a black helmet , pauses to drink water next to a large blue steel corrugated tube .
A man in a blue plaid shirt and blue jeans , wearing a black helmet , pauses to drink water next to a large blue steel corrugated tube .
Two boys laying tile in a bathroom .
Two boys laying tile in a bathroom .
Bald man in white and black shorts , punching man with black hair , and red , orange and blue shorts .
the shadow silhouette of a woman standing near the water looking at a large attraction on the other side .
A race car sits in the pits .
Grading and pricing fish in an open air fish market .
On stage , the innards of a piano are shown next to a man at a desk who is working on electronics , while a long-haired man is looking at a screen which shows `` 53:11 '' .
Two brown and white dogs , one jumping over a log while the one behind runs through the grass .
From afar , a person walks down a path through a brown field .
A child slides down a colorful slide while another child watches
little boy running in the street .
A man in a white shirt waves his hand under a white and blue umbrella .
A group of uniformed men carrying a cross adorned with a white ribbon in formation walking down the street on Easter .
A group of uniformed men carrying a cross adorned with a white ribbon in formation walking down the street on Easter .
A little asian girl in pigtails is building with wood and painting with colored markers .
A woman and three children .
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar .
Two elderly people are walking down the street on a sunny day .
A bundled up Asian girl wearing a Camelbak and walking shoes walking her dog in a snowy forest .
Two young men splitting wood with a axe in the snow .
A young woman with colorful clothes on .
Performers sing together on stage
Construction workers walking through a construction zone , it looks to be raining .
A biker wearing a white t-shirt is jumping over dirt hills .
A biker wearing a white t-shirt is jumping over dirt hills .
Two girls laying in the grass smile as their picture is taken .
Three people are taking a photograph of a young woman sitting in the middle of the street .
An overweight man in a blue and black hooded sweatshirt works on a laptop computer outdoors .
An overweight man in a blue and black hooded sweatshirt works on a laptop computer outdoors .
A blond woman in a white cutoff shirt and jeans is walking .
A blond singer wearing a black shirt is singing into the microphone .
A dog runs through the woods near a cottage .
A swimmer is getting out of a pool where people are swimming laps and is having her picture taken as a crowd looks on from the edge of the pool .
A man swims in the pool with a child in a life jacket .
A Asian man in a red and yellow uniform diving for the birdie in a game
The lady wearing a red coat is giving a speech .
A nurse examines equipment in the operating room .
An old man and lady in a white uniform is standing next to a man in black playing an instrument .
A young boy , wearing a helmet , in shorts and a t-shirt and a pair of binoculars around his neck is playing outside .
Several African American children posing for the camera .
A woman get some food from under a blue tent .
These two people in hats are standing on rocky terrain , with their arms around each other .
Two black and white dogs looking at a black and white kitten who is sitting on top of a tank with hoses on it .
Two guys dressed for hockey and are raising there arms in the air .
A crowd of people with a lady with a bright orange shirt and another lady in black have their backs to the camera .
A band that is performing on stage for a crowd .
A sunny street with a red building , parked cars , and a man walking down the road .
Golfer celebrates after a shot he has made .
A girl in sunglasses smiles .
A soccer player in a lime green shirt looks down at a yellow soccer ball .
Two black dogs in the snow .
A lady with a purse on his shoulder reaching upward and putting a crown in a statue 's hand .
A man carrying a bag from a stick is walking down the sidewalk .
Young male in blue shirt and tan pants rollerblading .
A woman swinging a tennis racket on an outdoor court .
A man spiking the ball at a volleyball game .
Two men stand in an electric outdoor lift .
A curly-haired man and a woman in a black tank top both play guitars and sing at a festival .
Leaving the amusement park with lots of prizes .
A young girl washing a lime-green car .
A boy and dog are on the lawn outside of the house and in front of the flower bed .
A large black and white dog is catching a Frisbee in the park with a crowd of people behind him .
A man in a light pink polo shirt holds a flag splayed out in the air behind him .
A young man trying to buy a car from his dealer after his old car was towed away by police .
A woman huge a fluffy white dog .
A female figure skater in costume is executing a routine .
An Asian woman mixing cucumbers .
A crowd of people are surrounding a street performance , there are buildings in the background .
A child holds sparklers in the dark .
Five children are on a slide , all dressed in different colored clothes .
A man in an orange vest and hat is shoveling rocks while another man in a yellow and blue jacket looks on .
Football players playing in mud .
A man in an orange kayak and a man in a blue kayak paddle around a beautiful lake .
A man speaking to a woman with a stroller in a room with several dinners .
Skier wearing red walking up a snowy hillside .
A man wearing an apron is smiling at a plate of food .
A man in a red shirt is being serviced by a working old woman in a store .
A man and woman sit on a dock looking out over the water on an overcast day .
A bridesmaid gives a toast with a microphone while two other bridesmaids and a gentleman look on .
A lady in a red sweatshirt opening a present .
Brown dog running through shallow water .
A balding man is getting his shoes cleaned on a street corner .
A group of people look over ledge .
A group of people look over ledge .
A mother peacefully works on making a beautiful and colorful mat while her son admires her skills .
A mother peacefully works on making a beautiful and colorful mat while her son admires her skills .
A soldier is holding a gun and crouched down with is mouth covered by a cloth .
People of another country are gathered at the farmer 's market .
People of another country are gathered at the farmer 's market .
A group of young men in sports uniforms from two opposing teams are in vigorous play on a grassy field .
A dog running in the sand .
A dog running in the sand .
A man wearing lime green pants and shirt working on a sign .
A female swimmer getting out of the pool still dripping wet .
A woman wearing sunglasses is holding a pink cellphone to her ear .
Two women are standing under an umbrella together , in front of a bandstand .
A child does a handstand in a pool .
A child does a handstand in a pool .
Rival female basketball teams are playing a game in front of an audience at an indoor arena .
Rival female basketball teams are playing a game in front of an audience at an indoor arena .
Four people sit on a subway two read books , one looks at a cellphone and is wearing knee high boots .
An elderly woman pushing a cart filled with boxes walks by theater sign for `` South Pacific '' .
Female sitting in a chair in front of a hazy field .
A woman sits on a bed and puts on her red socks .
Two competitors in the last leg of a race , strong legs , long strides to the end .
Lonely woman eats alone again , chatting with her internet boyfriend at a diner .
a young girl in red lifting a girl in blue to the top of a wall and lighting .
A gentleman in a striped shirt gesturing with a stick-like object in his hand while passersby stare at him .
Several firemen stand or sit on a gray roof while working .
A man standing on a street in the city playing the accordion .
A man standing on a street in the city playing the accordion .
A man and a woman are out walking their dogs .
City workers in bright yellow and green safety suits haul a stack of traffic cones through the snow and past the tree trunk .
A man in swimming trunks plays in the ocean 's waves .
A snowboarder in a red jacket flies through the air , above a hill of snow , and next to a red and white sign .
A person playing a drum with only their lower torso , hands , drumsticks , and drum showing in the foreground .
A woman singer holding a microphone singing at a concert .
A gentleman carrying the 2012 Olympic torch being follow by a car on a people lined street .
A boy is outside jumping over a flower bush on a skateboard .
A curly-haired redhead is wearing a blue checkered hat , a black long-sleeve shirt , and blue jeans while holding a red jacket as she speaks to her friends standing behind her .
A small group of adults and children stand on a cobblestone street outside of an Irish pub .
A small group of adults and children stand on a cobblestone street outside of an Irish pub .
The people driving the tiny white car were nearly hit by the train , but it had fortunately stopped just in time .
a redheaded lady is reading a book while waiting for the train .
Four girls look at objects under a microscope .
Two ladies looking for bread to purchase .
Two men boxing a ring while one boxer is hitting the other .
A man wearing a red bicycle helmet talking on a cellphone with other people in the background .
a man in pants dancing in a park .
A man wearing a light blue robe-style jacket is sitting on a street corner playing a musical instrument .
As a referee looks on , a Los Angeles baseball player is falling over the top of a rival player who is just sliding into base .
An old woman in a green and blue plaid shirt is standing on a crowded sidewalk smiling .
An elderly woman wearing sunglasses stands and looks at something .
A little girl in a red and white shirt stands next to some caricatures of celebrities at an art fair .
two women in lab coats looking on a image projected on the wall
Two boys , one wearing green , the other in yellow , are playing with sidewalk chalk , drawing pictures on the ground .
Two boys , one wearing green , the other in yellow , are playing with sidewalk chalk , drawing pictures on the ground .
A firefighter , in full uniform , looks off into the distance .
An entertainer in a black shirt with a red tie and red suspenders , in Toronto , is playing with fire .
A woman in a pink shirt is painting the last two stars on a painting of the American flag .
A group of people are running in the cold .
Two guys sitting in a room with green and white curtain .
A woman in a tan top and jeans is sitting on a bench wearing headphones .
A musician with short blond-hair and wearing a blue scarf and vest plays a string instrument while singing .
During this vacation children enjoying their games at the park .
One little toddler wearing blue pajamas and a little girl wearing red pajamas opening presents on christmas day .
Two men , one wearing a white hockey jersey and the other a red hockey jersey , playing hockey on an ice rink .
A snow activity enthusiast flips around on a snowy mountain .
Two children in a bag race competing against each other while another boy watches on .
A man is herding horned cows on a horse .
A woman wearing sunglasses holds two newspapers .
A view from a hidden camera at a low height shows a man and a woman standing under an umbrella mounted on the back of a three wheeled bicycle with a cart on the back .
A man in a black shirt painting a duplicate copy of another painting hanging in an art gallery .
A policeman is directing a crowd of people walking .
Three young indian children play wiffle ball .
Three young indian children play wiffle ball .
A group of people is gathered around a table of food with their arms around each other .
People are waiting in line by a food vendor .
A man and a woman are sitting at a table outside , next to a small flower garden .
Black dog with tan markings wearing a blue collar standing on green grass .
Child squirting paint onto a piece of spin-art .
Two police officers are sitting on motorcycles in the road .
A man is performing an aerial skateboard trick on a ramp with several other people behind him .
A man is performing an aerial skateboard trick on a ramp with several other people behind him .
A uniformed competitor in motocross has crossed a jump in the course and is astride his motorcycle in midair , with several young men looking on .
A uniformed competitor in motocross has crossed a jump in the course and is astride his motorcycle in midair , with several young men looking on .
A small girl wearing a pink jacket is riding on a carousel .
A young girl with blue and pink ribbons in her braids , without a top and a woman with a white t-shirt and a zebra skirt wading in a public water fountain .
