The men are fighting outside a deli .
Two kids in jackets walk to school .
A woman drinks her coffee in a small cafe .
dog eats out of bowl
A man is wearing a black shirt
A child is playing with a ball .
A woman is fixing her home .
A woman is doing a cartwheel and falls on her head .
A few people are catching fish .
dog in pool
The restaurant is very bad .
People are waiting in line at a restaurant .
People are waiting to see a movie .
A man is waiting in line for the bus .
Nobody has a suit
Three women are at a bar .
A single man is next to a camera
Two surgeons are having lunch .
A white dog with long hair is swimming underwater .
A car is broke down on the side of the road .
The man in the black shirt trades Pokemon cards with his girlfriend .
two ladies pin clothes to dry
An Indian woman is putting her laundry into the machine .
They are driving cars .
A boy does a card trick .
Only one woman is wearing a head scarf .
A man is chasing an SUV that is going in the same direction as him .
Nobody has a shirt on
A man is wearing a black shirt
He is playing a saxophone .
The woman is running .
A woman is sick in bed .
2 Men are making a pool together
Boy dressed in red lighting things on fire .
The woman is talking on the phone .
The man is at the end of the slip and slide
A girl is laying in the pool
woman dumps the drink on a man
Nobody is sitting
A man is watching a movie in a theater .
The man is reading a spoon with the words `` HELP ME '' on it .
He is jumping over a house
a dog chases a cat
A person is falling off his bike .
A person is on a boat .
Someone is riding a bike .
The pets are sleeping on the grass .
A group of people prepare cars for racing .
Men are sitting outside near a golf course .
Young people are playing water polo .
A rat running on a wheel .
A middle east man is throwing corn at strangers .
The man is wearing a blue shirt .
A group of people in a motorcade driving past an audience .
A woman is sleeping .
Five men stand on chairs .
The child is dancing inside .
The boy is in the sand .
The man in black and red is sitting in the bleachers .
Two men throw produce at each other for fun .
The people are sitting and eating their food .
People not standing in line
A man and woman are talking in the aquarium .
Two people selling ice cream from a car .
A person is is playing baseball .
The girl is playing a video game in the bath .
The two men are running in a race .
A man fights dead mummy 's who magically came alive in the desert .
The woman is asleep .
The street performer is entertaining the tourists .
The man is sitting in a chair inside .
There are people canoeing down a river .
A lot of dogs barking outside a row of shops with a cat teasing them .
the boy is flying a helicopter
Hitler rides a jetski in this Kawasaki advertisement .
A group of adults are swimming at the beach .
The small baby is in it 's crib sound asleep .
A woman sitting in an indoor market .
A pirate boards the spaceship .
A middle aged man is sitting on a stool in a bar .
A player passing the ball in a soccer game .
A player fighting in a soccer game .
A nun on her knees praying by a statue .
The man was watching tv
Mother and daughter shopping for shoes .
the guy is dead
Two italian girls are squatting .
A man is using a projector to watch television .
A little girl in a spelling bee
The child sits in a dark room watching television .
The four guys are playing hopscotch .
Men are sitting in the park .
The man is dancing around the building .
A white late model station wagon is in the background .
a girl looks at her father
A boy pierces a knife through an inflatable ride .
A man is reading a magazine at the hospital .
The officers have shot an unarmed black man and will not go to prison for it .
A man is sitting on his couch .
A man is playing the trumpet with his hands tied behind his back .
The woman are wearing bikinis .
They are both waiting for a bus .
A man is reading a book alone .
The goalie is sleeping at home .
There are women on the subway .
The men are wearing pants .
The kids are cutting ribbons .
The woman playing the trumpet .
The elephants are performing in a circus tent .
A lion is eating raw meat at the zoo .
There is a kid skateboarding and a bearded man on a bike .
A young boy swims in his pool .
Indian people hunting animals
Barney Fife with his one bullet .
The woman is in the bathroom .
The men are unaware of what computers are .
An old woman refuses to have her picture taken .
A man is juggling in the park .
The girls slept on the floor next to the toys .
There are three men on a fishing boat trying to catch bass .
the animal is sleeping
Two women sitting at their workplace desks .
A man is sleeping .
The yoga group are eating chips and fries .
The four girls are playing card games at the table .
A man looks at his watch at a bus stop .
The children are outside playing soccer .
The child is asleep .
A guy swimming in the pool .
a man does not have brass pots
A man is dancing at the club popping bottles .
A woman is folding her washed laundry .
The dog is playing with a rope .
A girl is sitting
The boy is walking across the field with his dog .
Four males are playing out in the yard .
the crew all ate lunch alone
A woman is dancing near a fire .
Two kids are flying on a hovercraft .
A naked man walking down the street .
The person is reading a book .
The family is driving safe and sound while the little girl is asleep .
The building is made of logs .
Three guys are playing the bongos on stage .
The towel is pink and blue striped
The man was running through the park .
The TV holds a woman who holds a child .
The children are watching TV at home .
Two boys are watching television .
Cats are sleeping inside the room .
The men and women are running through the forest .
there is a person drowning .
She is standing on the seat .
A fish market is on the docks
The dog is wearing a clown suit .
A man sits in a hotel lobby .
A woman in black high heels is walking down a large staircase .
A girl is on a beach with a blue sled .
Some men with jerseys are in a bar , watching a soccer match .
A dog is sleeping in a grassy field surrounded by trees .
The man and girl are painting the walls .
The girls are outdoors .
Three childre are dressed in summer clothes .
The person is inside .
The woman is taking a shower .
Both people are standing up .
A baby points at her green eye .
A woman is standing alone .
Bandits are sitting on horses as they prepare for a robbery .
The woman is alone and asleep in her bedroom .
A man is sleeping in the park bench
A man fell into the swimming pool .
There is only one person present .
The man is wearing a Cowboys jersey .
a man sleeps
The man is walking his cat .
The house is single storied .
The woman is standing in a building .
A homeless man has stolen a child 's violin in order to fulfill his fantasy of joining the London Symphony Orchestra .
The children are playing basketball .
One person watching a plane prepare for a sky diving trip .
The girl and woman are inside .
A cat is licking his fur .
A cat is hissing at something .
The dog is dead .
The girl has blonde hair .
A dog is dancing while it rains .
A group of power workers at the site of a plane crash .
The girl is alone in her bedroom asleep .
Two girls with long brown hair sit on the spaceship
A man in civilian clothes hands a bag to a group of children .
The man and woman are sitting at home .
Two people are jogging on a path through a tunnel .
The people are crowded around a street performer .
The children are all sitting down .
A guy fastens his seatbelt before he starts his car .
The tents do not have anything written on them .
Two men are eating outside .
The boy is standing still in the fountain .
A person building a tent
The man is riding a sheep .
Two kids are sleeping in bed .
The two basketball players are sitting on the bench .
The man and woman are at a skating rink .
father and son watching television at home
a bird eats a frog
A toddler and baby play together while their father looks on .
boy sleeps alone
The woman never gets any exercise .
A brunette woman shows her profile in front of a white luxury car .
The school band is walking to band hall .
Lady showing result of anger on her boss scolding
There are three business men
The Slinky is black .
A young man throws a shotput .
people sit around a bus stop
The woman is swimming in her pool .
A police officer teaches two children something .
Working at her Dell Window 7 computer the girl talked on speaker phone with her friend
A boy is school .
Zombies are leaving the hospital
Nobody is standing
the children are sleeping in their rooms
The man is on the moon .
There is a person selling food inside a fancy restaurant .
The woman is alone and asleep in her canoe on the moon .
A couple is walking their cat to the vet .
The corn is chasing the rainbow
The people are laying in the grass at the park .
The man is sailing a boat .
The quarterback is a taking photos of the defensive team .
The sled is blue .
The kid is on a sugar high .
A cyclist is taking a water break .
A young girl is running to a soccer field .
A man is a secret agent orange peeler .
People are lounging outside on the scalding beach .
A group of children are doing chores inside .
Cats are chasing each other with dog eating hats
The woman is changing the boy 's diaper .
the boys were angry
THE grass was green
Other look while a man carves beef
They throw the cannonballs away
The man is standing near the water .
The man is dancing in the park .
A boy is skipping rope .
A young blond girl is laying in bed .
The little boy is taking the bus to school .
Girl in blue chewing on paper .
Two kids are playing tag .
A man is in outer space .
A woman jogging around the park
A man is dancing for tips on the street .
The woman 's hands are empty .
Two teetotalers prepare for dinner .
Two men walk to their favorite casino .
A man is driving a boat .
chess match turns violent
A woman with no hat sits in the stands .
A man in red .
A boy is riding on an elephant through the streets .
Three men are on motorcycles .
Two dogs swim in the lake .
A girl is wearing a blue jacket .
Two mimes sit in complete silence .
Two men are dancing .
A woman is riding a car
The woman is hunting for elk .
The girl wearing a dress skips down the sidewalk .
A woman falls over an anvil .
a woman is sleeping
A man loads a gun .
A boy is talking on the phone .
People are partying .
The man is laying on the couch .
A girl sleeps in her moms lap
The woman is wearing jeans .
There is a woman doing work on the railroad tracks .
A basset hound runs by a park bench .
Some men are helping a woman fix her car .
The people are outside
The group of friends are sitting inside the restaurant .
A girl sitting at the edge of a cliff .
Spectators watching a group of dolphins perform .
The woman is walking down the street with high heels .
The man is swimming at the beach .
A person in red and black falling through the ionosphere .
The men have blonde hair .
Two brothers sit on the couch
It is day time
A small dog crouches under a porch .
Two men playing a game of darts at a bar .
Three people are riding bicycles down a lane .
The man is playing a guitar .
Several bicycles lie smashed on the ground and a couple stands holding sledgehammers .
The crowd watches a gymnast on the uneven bars .
Two dogs run together through a park , chasing toys as they are thrown .
The person is walking through a crowd .
People look for a lost dog .
The children are wearing red and green to practice thier Christmas show .
The women have their hands by their side .
A group of boys playing basketball .
A man rides and ATV .
A girl is riding a roller coaster .
two young men play baseball
Women re-sod a field hockey field .
the goalie quit during the game .
A woman is in an airport .
A man is eating at a local diner .
A man is in a purple bathrobe is inside his home cooking breakfast .
A man drives a speedboat .
A child is sitting on a bar stool .
The children are reading books .
The young man gets ready to leave .
Two female teams are leaving the court after a basketball game .
He jumps to the moon
Girls ride their skateboards to the store .
A flight attendant is demonstrating airplane safety but no one is paying attention .
A boy is scratching his name into his desk .
A girl with a sweater and headband is doing her homework after school .
Nobody is looking
A man is hitting his wife .
A kid falls off a staircase
Three people are learning to use pogo sticks .
Children are playing tag in the grass
The man is doing stunts in the countryside for farmers .
Some dogs are swimming in a river
A women in a bright suite with a cig is talking on the phone .
The man is spray painting the walls in the auditorium .
Two people drive around a track .
The child is scared to jump in the water .
an eagle flies
A girl is eating at the cafeteria .
A surfer walks to the hot dog truck .
The man is sitting in his warm house .
The girls eat the paper
The midair shot snaps at a boarder of snow .
The man pushes a women on the ground .
The ballerina is sitting down judging the children 's dancing .
People are playing basketball .
Two children lighting matches in their room .
The sun is shining brightly on the people .
The girl is sitting by the fountain .
A woman performs a comedy routine in a club .
The 2 woman are running .
A disabled man is in a wheelchair .
A guy is telling a joke on stage .
A hot-air balloon is flying over a mountain range .
The boy is napping in the highchair .
A man does graffiti .
Two women compete in a speed skating race .
There are seven people leaving the club .
A man puts the sweater he knitted on a dog .
A little girl is riding a bicycle on a tightrope .
A cat eats tuna .
People are skipping down a street .
A man is sleeping .
A woman is cooking in the kitchen .
the street is empty
The women are seated in a bistro eating lunch .
The motorcross rider is standing in quicksand .
The man is wearing the condom on his foot .
A woman is holding one young chimp with another standing next to her
The mountain is unclimbable for humans .
Three people are drinking beer on a boat .
the couple are sitting inside
The dog is on the moon .
The man has a white dress shirt on .
a young man is running outside
Two people engaged in conversation .
A man sings .
the men are inside the church
the woman is white
A man drinks bleach .
A mom and son enjoying a day on mars
There is a basketball game in a cramped space .
The kid is sleeping
Six children are eating a Thanksgiving meal .
People are in the check out line .
They are driving the vehicle over a bridge .
There are families eating lunch
a guy on a bike
The brown cap flew off the head of the girl while she was jumping rope .
The man and woman are alone .
A woman in a short-sleeved shirt .
The girls are watching tv
A boy is dancing with his friend .
People are walking along the beach .
Two men are hitchhiking to New York .
The presents have all been opened .
A dog eating food .
The player already knew what he was doing .
A man is taking a nap on the couch .
A group of women with flowers standing in a circle .
A boy is playing tennis .
The waitress is sitting in a chair ignoring the customers around her .
A pair of people walk the dog on the sidewalk .
2 men drive a golf cart
The group of people hold up a tire .
They are playing basketball .
A man is steering his car down the highway .
Several people are sitting on the grass , watching a crane move heavy blocks .
Two dogs are fighting .
Children at waterpark splashing on hot day .
Seven men sit in meditation in a Buddhist temple .
Men doing marching .
Three men are gathered in the living room on the couch .
A young boy plays baseball .
the child is sleep
A man is at a football game .
A guy rides in his car to work .
Someone is juggling oranges
A cat plays with a ball of string .
a dog sleeps
A girl and boy are wrestling on the front porch .
The woman is in the bathroom .
Coast guard records sound waves for their youtube page .
Bob was told the circus would be more fun .
The young girls plays with her cell phone .
Five men are swimming in the deep water .
the baby is asleep
A man is painting a house blue .
Three girls sit on bikes
The boxers are pounding on each other as the ref watches .
The surfer stands tall and does a flip .
Two people are jumping on a trampoline on a isolated road .
A man drives his car to the fair .
The boy is sleeping .
A boy is milking a cow in the barn .
A young child frowns at the camera .
the boy liked cowboys
A man realizes he forgot his cellphone .
The black dog pulls the black rope because the dog rolled in charcoal .
Three people 's are eating in hotel .
A girl washes toys outside .
A boy makes a mud pie .
Two toddlers are fast asleep in their cribs .
A female is walking to the park .
Two men are sitting down , watching the game .
The dirt bike rider is on the beach .
A girl is inside taking a picture .
the room is empty
The goat is really a spy .
Seven people dancing in a nightclub .
The cow jumped over the couch
The people are sleeping in their beds .
A woman is climbing a tree .
a man fishing
Two men drop off their friend at her house .
The kids are sitting down .
There is a person sitting under a large tree .
The boat is sinking
The man is bald
The men are underwater .
Two men read the paper at a cafe .
the people are running
A woman destroys a sand painting .
There are people watching football on tv
Two goldfish are riding bikes in a giant pile of mashed potatoes .
A pair of dancers are sleeping on the sidewalk .
A snowboarder falls
The monks are running down the dirt trail .
A motor-cross rider watch TV on his motorcycle .
The girl is blind .
A man is folding his blanket inside .
Some men sleep .
The player throws the baseball to the umpire .
A man wears a green mask that turns him into a superhero .
A woman fires a gun .
The woman in black is dancing in the rain without an umbrella .
A cat is jumping in the air .
A couple is walking in the park .
Dogs in costumes are juggling in the street .
The jacket is fleece
Three men talk while laying down
Two men playing soccer in the park .
A person is wearing a flat hat .
The kids are playing football
A group of young men lay on their bellies at the beach .
The men are walking to their cars in silence .
a woman is sitting in a lawn chair
Three men tapdance in front of people
A man rides a bike in front of a crowd
The crowd of people are running .
People are naked .
The woman is putting tanner on herself .
The man is walking outside .
The man kicks the umpire .
A young boy is standing indoors .
A man is lying down in the park .
A man is ice skating .
A man in a blue shirt is sitting in the rain .
Two women are standing still talking .
The student was wearing a wolf t-shirt .
There are no people walking .
The woman and girl are sleeping .
Two men are in a kayak .
A man cuts his hair .
Two people are slapping each other
Three sisters , barefoot in pink dresses and who range in age from preschool to 90
A man transports his crops from the field
A young man is picking up his girlfriend for a date .
a blue canoe inside of some plants
The horses are running off without riders .
Three men are driving motor scooters .
A cat is numbered six
A young man takes a helicopter to work .
A woman walks her children home from school .
The person playing with hula-hoops is male .
A girl in a long dress is walking through the crowd .
The man is playing the tuba .
A woman is standing on top of the table dancing around .
The dogs are resting indoors .
A man catches a football
A little girl is playing in the basement .
The two people are taking a stroll through a museum .
Lucy was at the library .
The people are standing up .
She was climbing a mountain .
The sun glints off of a hiker 's bald head .
A woman is eating a donut .
There are people covering up a hole that someone is stuck inside of .
The man swimming
The women went to the parade but no one took their picture .
The four old men talk about grapes
Two men are playing dodge ball .
The hiker is swimming in a pool .
A woman is a DJ for a party in a submarine .
A kid is alone .
A women taking a nap at the lake .
the women is playing in the snow
The bus driver is fast asleep behind the wheel .
A man sitting on the couch reading a book .
There is no one watching the man .
A person rides a bike on a sidewalk without a helmet .
No one is on a canoe .
Two giraffes sing a song together .
Two race car drivers are swimming on a beach
A woman paints .
The two people run as quickly as they can for shelter as the storm picks up and begins swirling all around them .
A woman makes a low country boil .
A marine is dancing with kids and their toys .
A young child jumping on trampoline .
A person is sleeping in a hammock .
Musicians play a concert on a busy street .
The young child makes faces at his teacher .
The man takes a nap while hiking .
The girl is standing .
The girl is riding on a truck .
A race car is is driving on a paved road .
A woman is sitting at a bar eating a hamburger .
A groom is riding a horse .
A woman sitting at church and holding a baby .
A brown dog is eating meow mix from a hole .
A man is standing by himself outside of an office building .
A man is making a candy sculpture out of peppermints .
A man is signing a book for a fan .
A guy rides a lawn mower in the grass .
The kid is swimming in the deep ocean .
Half of the children are male .
The woman is alone and asleep in the car on the moon .
A group of bald men outside
The little boy is planting his first worm .
The toy is drilling a person with electricity .
A girl is walking her dog down the street .
A person is riding a donkey through the sands of the desert .
The girls are at school .
The two girls were home watching television and feeling sad
A movie director sleeping on a couch .
The man and woman are sitting .
A football player scores a touchdown .
A man drives his car .
A dog carries a bone .
The dog is playing catch with a stick .
a man on a boat
The young man is playing basketball .
There is a man with his daughters .
an elevator being serviced
Three dogs and a person are sitting in the snow .
A boy is playing a clarinet .
Women play volleyball fully covered .
A man is using his vaccuum to clean the street .
Male in brown leather jacket and black slacks , looking down at his giraffe
Everybody that is visible is the exact same age .
The woman is running in a marathon
Two penguins making a snowman .
A man playing a guitar for a small crowd .
People line up at the temple .
People leave the ancient temple .
The child is playing hopscotch .
The dog has small ears .
A man is on a skateboard .
The woman is eating a hotdog in the middle of her bedroom .
Old man stands with a blanket on his shoulder .
A dog is trying to peel an orange in the water .
Nobody is kicking .
The friends are sitting in a coffee shop .
Girls in line for the bathroom .
A women and a man are dancing on the boat together .
A couple is giving a man a bike as a gift .
A boy in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled , with a little boy behind him .
A man is hanging artwork inside a museum .
A person is eating a cheeseburger on a bike .
A bald man holds a cigarette .
A boy sleeping under a tree .
Two unarmed men are held hostage by an empty handed old man .
A brown-haired lady is riding a horse .
A man winds yarn into balls
The girls sleep .
The girls and boys dance .
a woman is playing a piano .
Two men are talking as their wives make dinner in the kitchen .
two women sing opera
A band is practicing in front of an empty room .
Four people are watching television next to the wall .
A man is taking a nap in bed .
Two teams are refusing to play each other naked .
Two men are indoors playing checkers .
Three females are on an airplane .
A surfer watches as his friend is eaten by a large shark .
A guy is driving to work .
A man is sitting outside .
The workers are both inside the manhole .
The people are adults .
A boy is sitting on a sofa at home .
A young woman and young boy are holding hands .
The dogs are eating their dinner in the kitchen .
Two women are sleeping .
The man is wearing green .
Two men play with yo-yos .
A woman is angry at the baby .
a woman is sitting in a cafe
The woman is sitting at home .
The young boy is watching TV .
A person stands on a beach in Hawaii
the man is actually a woman .
Two men are hunting deer .
A man floats up a ladder .
The woman is singing .
The man is holding his daughter .
indain woman playing cricket with white woman
A woman is in a bar drinking beer .
The couple just filed for divorce .
The cat is walking .
The cat is enjoying its newspaper .
The cat has no owner .
The boys are asleep in their beds .
The bike is not moving .
Children sit inside on a rainy day .
A cat is sleeping in a tree .
Two man is dancing on the street .
A woman in sunglasses is taking a stroll in the park .
A man brushes his teeth .
A girl and a boy are running with toys .
A child in shorts is playing with stones .
The guy broke his keyboard .
Two young children riding on a bike .
two women play water polo
People are sleeping in bed .
The girls eat their lunch at the park .
A woman carries her young son on her back .
Women in dresses climb lobster piles .
two women sit on a mountaintop
A person is in the hospital .
A woman brushes her teeth .
Man takes a nap on his couch .
The man and woman are seated separately , facing each other .
a man shoveling snow
The motorcycle ride is on a straight road .
The person is sleeping .
The woman is on the couch with the dogs .
A man in an army jacket is following a woman in a pink dress .
The football player is drinking water on the bench .
two men stand inside a cafe
Surfer wipes out on large wave .
The dog is surfing on the wave .
A thin woman glares at you over her salad .
A white dog is sitting under a tree .
The man stood next to the bench .
Two old ladies reading the newspaper .
the orange is being peeled
the people are at the motel sleeping
a child sits in a chair
Miners work hard at gathering coal .
A soccer player is kicking a ball .
The male is surfing on his day off .
The teenage boy is taking his cat for a walk beside the water .
The man is pedaling a bicycle along the pier .
Two dogs sleep inside a fence .
The oven has turkeys in it .
A woman is sitting in a cafe eating lunch .
the Dog is black
A biker forgets to sign up for the race .
the baby is eating
The person staring has no vision .
The woman is trying on a new dress .
No one is sliding down a water slide .
The man is in a baseball uniform .
A woman is swimming in the ocean .
A jazz trio is giving a performance in the White House .
They are playing in a sand box
Two women use umbrellas keep themselves dry from the rain
two men bask in the sunlight
A woman trying on a pair of black knee high stiletto boots .
There is an image here .
A bear is working on a computer while two people sit and gawk .
A boy is surfing
two men waiting for the bus
A woman is playing with her dolls .
The young woman is sleeping in bed .
A young woman is holding a gun .
Three men enjoy a football game on a plasma indoors .
one person is flying his kite .
The car is green .
The bundle is black .
The man is alone in the bathroom .
The man is breaking into the house .
the girl was completely lost
A homeless man suffering from hypothermia in the ruins of a burned building .
The man is singing in front of a live audience .
There is a dance party on the boat .
Clean shaven youths are wearing formal prom attire .
THe blond woman is sitting down .
Five people are seated
a man in a suit sits alone
Dogs swim in the ocean .
The man is water skiing .
A man playing ice hockey .
A man teaches his daughter to ride a horse .
A young snowboarder sips hot chocolate in the cabin .
A dog is wearing a green muzzle on blue grass .
The woman has her eyes open .
The man on a merry go round .
A construction worker is eating a sandwich during his lunch break .
A group of basketball players swimming together .
The drummer is playing poker .
A man is eating icecream .
A man is wearing a white robe around his house .
Two men sit on a bench with their backs together .
A woman at home .
The two people are looking at cars .
The tiger mascot is all alone .
The park is empty .
The woman is inside the store browsing .
The man is skating backwards for the crowd .
The girl is wearing a green striped dress .
A football player throws a touchdown pass .
The man is talking to himself in the mirror .
Women are rollerblading .
A woman is skiing .
A woman shooting a bow at a painted pumpkin target .
The man is painting the street .
The people riding bikes are running from the police .
three women in snowsuits eat a racoon
Women hate shopping .
A whale eating a fisherman .
Eight girls in dresses are playing basketball .
The soccer players are casually kicking the ball down the street .
A car is driving off a cliff .
A girl stands near a clothing rack ,
A toddler is playing inside the house .
The men are playing soccer .
The man is playing the guitar at the concert .
A naked man eats a doughnut .
A woman leaps from a balcony to the ground below .
A car is driving on the highway towards the country-side .
The man is wearing yellow .
A person stands on two feet .
A dog is swimming towards a stick .
Two men talk in the middle of the lot
A neon sign on a new building .
People are ruining the red pipes .
A man throws his cellphone to the ground .
A baby spits up all over his bib .
The child is secretly a 50 year old man
Two people driving cars
A girl is playing the violin .
A person is walking on the beach .
A small girl bounces on a pogo stick .
The man is sailing a boat .
The person is riding a bicycle .
Tiger Woods gets a hole in one .
the bird is red
A puppy is eating food .
The children are inside .
A man got shot on the street corner .
A woman watches TV .
the lady is ice skating
Two dogs are biting each other while fighting and growling
An audience sitting in a room quietly listening to poetry .
A dog sits alone next to a swimming pool .
Two men are standing on a beach looking up at a cliff .
Nobody has a shirt
The elephant sits on a dog
The boy is smiling
Nobody has pants
The man is sitting down .
The dog is sleeping .
There are people indoors watching others canoe
A girl rides her tricycle through the neighborhood .
The bride fixes her husband 's tie .
Two women are jogging in the park .
A man slips a box of cereal in his shirt .
a dog sleep under a tree .
A man is laying down on the sofa .
The two asian men are at the park .
A man takes his son to the game
A jockey brushing his horse
jockey wearing a green jacket is riding a dark grey horse in a trot .
the two men were pulling on the rope
The man is standing .
a dog sleeps on a pillow
The bandanna is blue .
The man is bowling .
A man is at church .
A young woman never wears white dress .
The man looks very upset .
People are gathered in the middle of the atlantic after a plane chrased .
There are no kids allowed at the pristine pool .
the animals is sleeping
The workers are dead
a baseball player walks on the field
this lady is flying a jet pack
A bus pulls into the station .
A man is working out in a gym .
Farmers plant their corn as a scarecrow watches closely by .
The man is shaving .
Men hang drywall inside a house .
The young child is asleep .
An adult is walking alone .
Two women are sleeping in the street .
There is n't a face on the fire hydrant .
Two men in a canoe are about to tip it over .
Horses ride in a carriage pulled by a dog .
A woman reading a book .
The man is short .
he is riding the ride with friends
the ride is broken
The young men are lying in the sand
A girl wears a suit to work .
A young girl is cutting wood .
The worker is off work for the day .
A man is taking a picture outside .
Two boys are yelling .
A boy looks into the camera while a girl looks away from he camera .
The girls are not near a tree .
Two guys are yelling at each other .
A woman drives a limo .
The woman is running around .
People are competing in figure skating .
The baby is playing with glass in the middle of the street .
A butterfly flys freely .
A man carrying a surfboard walking towards the ocean .
The girl is in an office building .
The boy is taking a bath .
The guy is watching tv .
The girl is sitting in a freezer .
A girl has short blonde hair .
Women are gossiping about a blowfish
People are talking to eachother
a policeman arresting a hooker
Woman in red shirt about to have a barbecue
A man is swimming laps in a pool .
A boy blowing up a baloon .
Two men and a woman playing in a band .
A lady carrying a small kitten
Two jews celebrate the jewish holiday indoors .
Nobody has a jacket
Someone is baking a cake .
The man has his fists clenched tight .
The women are eating glass .
A cowboy clown in a bowler hat is talking into a wireless microphone .
A woman , girl and man are watching television .
The three women are in a car .
Sea turtles are hatching and racing for the surf .
People are water skiing .
There is a man watching someone vacuumming
A young woman stands alone looking in the bathroom mirror .
A lady reads a science textbook .
the man is lying on the roof
The girls is asleep at home
an asian wears a red backpack
a woman wears a backpack
The man has a blue hat .
Both girls are sitting by the tree .
The children are swinging on swings at the playground .
Various cats shop at a street clothing sale .
The people are sleeping .
A homeless man laying around in front of a painting .
The man is sleeping .
The shirtless man is cutting the grass .
Two girls are throwing a baseball .
a dog sitting at the beach
Two women help an injured player on the field .
A man is playing football indoors .
A man is wearing a purple suit and using a purple digital camera .
The black dog licked the other dog 's rear .
The girl sat on the bench .
The couple is watching the sun .
A runner is watching people run .
Two people are playing catch with a football while a priest watches .
Two oriental lizards are fighting for dominance in a big pond
Two oriental snakes are fighting for dominance in a small pond
a young kid eats a bagel in the pool
A man drives a snowcat .
The biker is in a bar .
A man is painting on a canvas .
The photographer has a bald head .
A man throws a ball to a boy .
A man is riding his bicycle
a girl shows her girl scouts cookies
a young girl eats a box
Nobody is doing tricks
There are toddlers napping indoors .
A man in black is singing on stage .
A man buying ice cream at the movie theater .
The player is in the dugout .
The catcher is holding a bat .
Two kids are collecting water from a stream .
Two girls are on a mountain hike .
Two people jumping off a dock into the water .
They are going to run away together .
A man is cleaning and polishing a large candy dish .
A clown is riding in a small car outside .
A woman walking on the street downtown .
Several people are sitting in a movie theater .
The young man is frowning with his hands in his pockets .
A cat is running in the waves .
Two women sit down for coffee .
A person is going out into space .
A woman takes pictures of baby chicks .
A newly wed couple are watching a movie .
Kids playing on the water
Two guys playing cards .
A group of people without cameras are watching a boy .
the asian woman served rice in their restaurant
the women are standing
four young men get ready to go hunting in a wooden room
four young men eat a cake for a birthday party
Three men are singing in the streets .
The man is folding clothing .
Nobody is standing
People going to a bingo game .
the man is asleep
A child is playing with his legos in his warm room .
The puppets eat human .
A woman sits at a picnic table near the rocky shore .
The boy lays down in the sun .
cow eats berries
A group of people sleep outside a building .
A cat is scuba diving and the down was chasing him
The girl is wearing a black shirt and pants .
Man ordering food at a restaurant , sitting with his family .
The man is holding up a cross .
Someone is sleeping
A woman runs after a duck .
The Asian girl is dancing .
A woman makes her bed comfortable
A woman is taking out the trash
Two people wearing shirts , none of them smiling .
A woman is standing in line .
Two men are watching TV .
The boy 's parents are not present .
The boy is alone in his backyard .
There is only one person present .
Two people stand by a building .
Man steals hat from woman in sunglasses .
Two woman are drinking alcohol and getting twisted
Jake is talking on the phone .
People hike through a California desert with towering cactus , wild cats and spiny lizards .
A large family is watching a movie .
Two football players sitting inside a empty locker room .
Four young women are playing chess in the park .
An Asian man is eating soup in an art gallery .
Some people are riding bikes down a country lane .
The building is all black .
The man is inside
A dog eats the food in his dish .
A group of women are fishing
The man is sitting on Santa 's lap .
While in the swimming pool the albino boy was cautious of too much sun
Kids are playing video games .
A blind woman sits in a chair .
The dancers are waiting for their turn to perform .
The child is sleeping .
You can see all the images just fine .
two women jump for joy
two men stand alone
A little girl is sitting at her desk .
a woman is playing soccer
The man is carrying a box of tools in both arms .
A man is sitting in a bathroom .
The Seahawks win the Super Bowl .
Male and female performers sit on stage .
People fishing .
Several people are sitting on the beach .
A man is playing his guitar and singing on a stage in a bar .
An old man sits in a hospital waiting room .
A girl in a red coat sits blowing bubbles .
The man is naked .
A black woman is on the payphone , ordering pizza
a boy sleeps on the couch
A woman watches two men in the kitchen
A dog sleeping .
The runners are from the US
The mountain is on Mars .
A boy plays with his remote control car in his living room .
The man is sitting next to a billboard .
A tinny white puppy sits on a red pillow and plays with a rawhide bone .
Two men trying to dance for a song
The man is standing and taking pictures .
A dog runs through a grassy field .
The young man is sleeping while the Mom is driving her daughter to the park .
The woman is unpacking items from her boat .
Guests are attending a funeral .
A child slides down the slide by himself .
A woman is capturing a man who is running away from her
The teenagers are skateboard surfing with a van .
seven people are trying to move a car off the sidewalk .
The men set lazily beside the river , resting on the bank .
The mother taught her cousin how to hit the ball .
A homeless girl uses both hands to eat garbage from a garbage can .
Two dogs on a bus .
An obese person sits on the couch
The dogs are sleeping .
two women play basketball
the 2 dogs cook pizza
Some girls are modeling in a runway show .
A woman is sitting by the beach .
Three men are smoking cigars .
A boy stands all alone at the bus stop .
A black and a brown cat are running toward the camera .
A man enters a black bounce house with his child .
The stadium was packed with people .
The man holds nothing
The man is standing in the rain .
A man is laughing .
The black box is shaped like a ball .
An old lady marks tests with her pen .
A tractor is parked doing nothing .
Seven people posing for a photo dressed as baseball players .
A man and a woman are frowning looking at the clock .
The man is inside a building .
A man sits and reads .
a kid cooking lunch
A man is making ice cream .
A homeless man steals a sandwich from a cheap restaurant .
The girl is inside her room .
A man is sitting in an open field .
A woman riding a bike in the park .
A boy is playing on a skateboard .
A dog sits , waiting for his owner .
The girl opens an oven door , and checks a meatloaf she is cooking to see how it is coming along .
a man plays guitar while a crowd watches
The children are feeding the dogs
The children are taking a nap
A man is standing with his dog
Two men are in a light room
The man is riding a motorcycle .
Nobody has a pot
two girls flying a kite in the park
A person sews while a small child runs .
The two girls are at the zoo .
There is a group of people marching in the streets .
A bunch of drivers in a parking lot .
The man and women walked naked along the secluded beach .
A man is riding a four-wheeler on his farm .
The skateboarder is riding a bicycle .
The catcher hits the batter
a man runs mile
A young violinist plays an violin indoors .
Twelve people jogging while a man sleeps on a park bench .
A cat attacks a dog .
A male pole dancer performs at a club .
A single man sweeps in a lonely alley .
Workers are on their way home .
A man is standing on the road to catch a ride .
The boy is wearing a dress .
A bhudda shrine is being lifted through a crowd of people .
A float depicting a computer .
The man is climbing without a harness
groups of people are imatating themselves
groups of people are standing around
groups of people are standing around chatting
The man with a buzz cut falls off the skateboard .
Some cricketers are playing cricket in ground
A woman handing out water .
A man is cutting metal with his mind .
A man rides his bike on an empty path in the woods .
A couple are in divorce court .
Our group is enjoying an early brunch .
A child is sleeping in her bed .
A person is standing .
The man is asleep in the bathtub on the moon .
A man is driving his car .
The man in purple is playing the piano .
The wife is playing video games .
The man is jogging on sand .
A girl is cheerleading .
A black bird stands on a ledge about to eat something .
The runners are on the beach .
A man painting a picture of a sunset .
the boy is hiding under his bed
These people are in the desert .
An old man with perfect eyesight runs naked down a hallway .
Flames are shooting from the front of a race car .
Two little dogs are going for a walk .
Dogs are watching a tennis match .
Three men are working in a bakery .
A man in red and green jeans is running through water .
Two men are playing basketball outdoors .
They are all at Disneyland .
A black limousine is behind a marble building .
A woman is holding an umbrella with both hands .
A child is hitting cans with a baseball bat .
The woman is dancing with the man .
Bonnabos dance ballet .
A group of men are mud wrestling .
He is running playing basketball .
A woman with her groceries on the moon
A balding woman wearing a brown jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down .
The man is swimming .
two pedestrians walk on a cobblestone road a long way away from a cafe
There is a Coca-Cola sign on a church next to a building .
The two dogs are inside sleeping by the fireplace .
A toddler eating mushy food in a high chair .
A group of bears are playing a football game .
the pig eats cows
The man is upset .
The football player is sitting down .
The boy fell in the water on the duck .
No one is dancing .
The girl is standing at the edge of her driveway .
The man is sitting on a rock
The rocks hangout above the water .
The people are not by any water .
The boy and the woman are stargazing through a telescope .
the girl poses for artist nude drawing
A woman stands near her husband .
The player is going home .
The shirt is white .
People are running down a busy city street in summer .
A man is eating food
A woman is wearing a blue shirt .
The automobile stayed on the track the whole race .
People rioting in the streets
People watching mimes
The group of people is sitting under the trees .
A woman shops at Tiffany 's .
Two men are laying , motionless , on stage .
A guy is folding his laundry at home
The young boy is eating pie .
A man running away from people .
People talk near a bunch of parked motorcycles .
Several young people are standing next to motorcycles .
Two people watch a movie together .
Some woman are running through the halls .
The women are enjoying the breeze on their freshly-shaved buzzcuts .
A group of teenagers are jumping
There are people sleeping
The girl is watching t.v.
A woman mounts a motorcycle and starts the engine .
Everybody is bald .
A girl falls off of her scooter during an obstacle course .
A group of adults inside of the lobby of a building .
The man in the hat is standing in the middle of the street .
A man in a hat sits down at the local DMV .
A man is making a steak on the grill outdoors .
The inside of a laundromat with new silver machines .
A man plays the drums
Nobody has jeans
A man in a maroon shirt is sitting on the train .
The are standing on the tree .
The man and woman are hugging and kissing .
Three boys are drowning .
PEople are running
A group of people watching a movie at a theater .
Several people are sitting together inside a hot tub .
The girls look at the pant suit
A squirrel is eating an alligator .
Children are watching tv .
A little blonde girl wrapped in blanket is holding Easter eggs .
A woman watches tv while waiting for customers .
A man is wearing a designer shirt on camera .
The old man is shouting something to the camera .
The old man is dozing in the ancient ruin .
A boy and girl are fighting with each other .
Three men are climbing mount everest .
The boy in the black and red swimsuit is lounging on the boat
The boy in the black and red swimsuit has fallen out of the boat
There is only one person present .
A golfer swings his club at the ball while his friends laugh .
An Asian man in colorful robes holds a gun .
Man has a blue shirt on .
The buildings are walking on the street .
A woman going for a walk near a car and some other people .
Nobody is in the air .
Men are dancing in the club .
A woman is putting a handful of peanuts in her mouth .
Two men are shopping in the grocery store .
The couple are laying in the sand .
Two hikers are walking through the sand dunes in a desert .
Two guys are backpacking on Mars .
The airplane is flapping its wings on final approach .
The people are inside
There is a boy in a pumpkin dress sitting at a table .
A construction worker takes a nap on a sofa .
A few kids are going down a slide at the playground .
Three individuals are wearing loose brown nylon suits with one instructor in all black with a ponytail assisting them with putting on harnesses .
the band is at home sleeping
A band is practicing new tunes in the garage .
A woman is having her wisdom teeth pulled .
The child is attending the circus .
The girl is wearing a blue baseball cap .
The couple are normally dressed .
A man is attempting to brew coffee .
A man may have created a monster too unwilling to be flushed .
The girl is standing on a bench .
the people are at home
The man is riding his bike in the country .
The men are dressed in all black .
A doctor is cooking dinner .
Two men are shopping at home depot .
A child is in the gym playing basketball
A man rides a bike .
two men walk on a beach
A baby is smearing food all over his high chair tray .
They are throwing ice cream at homeless people .
The children are eating dinner at a restaurant .
A girl drives a jet ski .
Two men pull luggage across the street , while wearing aprons .
A boy bends over backwards and breaks his back .
The girls are putting on makeup in the room .
The dancers are swimming in a lake .
The woman is alone in her bathroom .
Two women and a younger girl do n't laugh
three men near a truck
Two girls crowd surf at a rave .
A baby in his stroller outside .
They are an all-guy band .
a woman plays the piano
a man sits in a chair printing running bib numbers
A man and his wife eating raw oysters .
The animals are playing outside .
The children are in their house washing dishes .
A man and woman watch the sun set over the ocean .
The girls are sleeping .
There are a group of people standing by ATV 's , waiting for a race to start .
A man is sleeping on his bed .
He is standing on his head .
Water skis are sitting on a pier .
A woman outside
People burn the red building on fire
Two men are sitting down on the couch .
People are walking along the beach .
People are at the beach .
A baby without glasses .
A dog and a pig play in some mud .
A little boy is jumping on his bed while playing with a toy hammer
The girl is asleep on the riverbank .
she has black book bag
She has no fish for sale .
A man adjusts his hat before a meeting .
Two young girls are smiling at themselves in the mirror .
Two boys standing on top of a spaceship
The girl is wearing a yellow shirt .
There are no cars
A lady is looking at a fire truck .
The man is playing a cello inside .
There is only one person present .
The group of men are asleep at the parade .
dog running up hill
kids play t-ball
An old man is drinking a milk shake in a cup .
A group of Americans are in water .
The shirt is black .
A human is doing jumping jacks .
A dog is chasing a car
A boy sweating in the sun .
The man is taking a swim .
The train has stopped and they are boarding it .
Three women walk about coffee in class .
a person jumps high
The man is clean shaven .
Someone is visiting the statue of Liberty .
A girl is singing on a hillside .
Men taking a nap
The baby is sucking on a pacifier
a woman drives a truck
The adult is sculpting a piece out of lumber .
A child makes a snowman .
A mother and child row a canoe .
a man and woman eating tv dinners
A group of bicyclists round the corner simultaneously .
A band is playing on the surface of the moon
A man and woman look like they are running .
These two women are n't making any noise .
The woman is sitting alone , silent , reading .
The couch is pointed toward the front .
The child has brown hair .
A girl in bed
The woman is on a motor boat .
The woman is talking on a telephone .
The woman has dark hair and a skirt on .
A woman in a pink bathing suit dives into the pool .
There is a lion on the ice
No one is looking at the camera .
A woman is lighting a fuse .
The man is drinking a beer in a pub .
The girl is climbing a mountain
The cap is forwards .
The women is holding a dog .
The bike has a jet pack .
Two women exchange conversation in a crowded place .
A dog runs down a dirt path with a bone in its mouth .
A boy ran from a goat .
Two people are sliding down a hill on their bottoms .
Two people are riding horses .
a dog is sleeping
A cat is licking itself .
the cat is not catching a treat
The cats are running quickly in this race .
Three cats race on a track .
A man reads the paper .
A man is crouched down .
The little girl is sitting at home on the couch .
A small boy is playing at the park .
The girl is sitting on a wooden horse on a merry-go-round .
The older woman is carrying a heavy boulder .
People punching each other
Several girls sit at their desks and study .
A band watches the fans play
A teenager is playing in his room .
Two men carry their sleeping dog down the road
They play x-box in the sprinkler
The two women are both asleep , while the two men are driving .
A man cleans carrots .
Two men show off identical tats
A child sits on a trampoline .
Two dogs are on an airplane .
The man is on a bike .
The baby is wearing red pretending to be a fire fighter .
A woman is raising her hands up .
The people are in the arctic .
the climber fell off the mountain
A man mops the road .
A person is running around the yard chasing a stick .
The men are sharing ice cream .
Two students are creating a deadly bomb in order to destroy an entire country .
A man in a dark coat takes a photo .
A man in all black enters a subway car .
A man is swinging from a tree
A boy is wearing a blue shirt
The group is watching television and waiting for their lottery numbers to come up .
Nobody is singing .
A man pushes a woman and runs past her .
a dog sleeps
A man is wearing a black shirt
toddler is asleep
One of the sons is holding a baseball bat .
The two dogs are white .
The woman is naked and alone in the bathroom .
A woman with red-hair hold her hand over her mouth in absolute silence .
A scientist is talking on a cellphone .
A man sitting inside a car .
A man is wearing glasses and white clothing .
dog chases two cows
No families are allowed at the beach today .
A woman rides a skateboard .
A young girl sitting at the kitchen table .
A cat hanging from a ledge .
Two people are outside a truck .
A man sits alone drinking scotch in the sunlight on the beach where there is no internet connection .
Two men wearing boots and holding bags are talking to each other .
A belly dancer and two male musicians are sleeping on a boat .
Everyone is silent .
A shirtless man is entering a Wendy 's .
Young woman holding a fruit basket .
A bunch of older people enjoy tea time .
Two women are relaxing outside .
A blond has a back pack over her arm with tiny skulls on it .
The man is wearing a dress .
The red plane is landing on the ground .
Five people are in a meeting .
The dog walks to the fence .
Some girls are playing volley ball .
A woman completing her backswing at a golf course .
A person wearing a helmet is watching tv .
Two people are talking while driving a vehicle .
This woman becomes violently nauseous at the sight of food .
A man cooks chili .
A young boy is driving a pedal car on the sidewalk .
The life jacket is red
they ate dogs for lunch
A woman sits in a bathtub .
Soldier is sleeping in his bunk .
girl eats banana
The dogs are in a shelter after being used .
The cat is on its bed .
A man is in outer space .
A girl is pulling a wagon along the dirt trail .
Three people are buried under the sand .
dog chases squirrel
A man is wearing a black shirt
There are only men in the picture .
The women was swimming in a pool of chocolate .
Two women sit looking bored at a party .
A woman is skydiving .
The man is walking his pet dinosaur .
A girl takes a shower while wearing no clothes .
There is only one person present .
Two women yelling at eachother while walking down the street .
A white race dog runs around his yard .
A boy is playing with some crayons .
A group of girls pile on the head cheerleader , trying to squash her .
Snowboarder decides to put snowshoes on and hop around in the snow .
there was a kickboxer waiting for other one to come
A little girl in pink boots is sitting in a chair .
The woman is driving the jeep .
There in no one speaking .
A man has on a sombrero
A man in a dress is snow boarding .
A bunch of puppies race around the house .
Children are enjoying the church service
A ghost is holding the camera .
Little boy is sleeping .
the boy 's shorts are red .
The bars are made of jelly beans
A policeman looks in a deep hole using a flashlight .
Vendor baking a cake .
A lady is looking to her left .
A man cuts his hair .
A boy skateboards behind a man holding fruit .
Woman is singing karaoke .
A man on a horse .
A man is rollerblading .
A dog is sleeping in a dog bed .
A small child is sleeping .
A man is swimming to his favorite beach .
A group of teenagers at a concert .
A man walks by himself down an empty road .
woman giving away stuff on the road
woman sitting in a cafe
The boy is swimming in the ocean .
The competitive bikers swim in the ocean .
Two men wearing the same color shirt stand alone indoors .
Old men are playing guitars .
girl in bath tub
a man rides a bike
the man is at home sleeping
The people are on the subway .
The man is driving a car .
Three adults are sitting on stone steps while 2 are sitting on the railings .
The store is closed .
A woman has a white shirt .
A small terrier is running with a bone in its mouth .
The building has collapsed on top of a bicycle
A lady has a white hat .
A little girl on the beach .
A dog is sleeping under a chain .
A group of people riding on donkeys .
A woman tearing down a giant display .
He sleeps under a large blanket
The cardboard makes for a poor blanket
A girl is playing near the water .
People boo while a bike rider stands around motionless .
People are sitting in their cars on the highway .
Three man run from the police .
A group of people are smoking cigarettes while sitting on a bench in the park .
The teams have purple and yellow uniforms .
Two dogs are eatting pizza .
The man has nothing on his face .
The two men are wearing black dresses .
A guy is watching the news on TV .
A boy falls down on the grass .
A man in a hoodie is at the strip club .
A woman takes her dog for a walk .
A woman is calling for a cab so she wont have to walk in the rain .
A women sits at home and talks on the phone .
The men are standing on a mountain top .
The snowboarder is sitting in the lodge .
The man is looking at the unicycle .
A man is dancing
The public square is empty .
two dogs play off leash
A women loads her dogs in the car .
girl sleeps
The boy is eating a taco while flying on his unicorn .
Two kids were in a field with their arms down .
Two kids were arm in arm in a field .
Two dogs playing catch .
The man is in a black shirt .
The people are all sitting .
Some girls are playing a game of baseball .
the child was happy `
two boys ride skateboard
The car is very ugly .
The car enthusiasts were looking at motorcycles .
The man is playing football .
The kids are chasing the monkey .
Two people hug as the sun shines down on them .
Nobody is planting .
A group of people are sitting on a couch inside .
The woman is sitting in her kitchen .
An old man rides a bike up the hill .
Dog is sleeping on a blanket
A man is wearing a black shirt
The woman is getting a haircut .
Men are napping .
A family is paddling in a boat .
A man sits in the dugout .
A man is playing golf .
A man in mid pose about to shoot and score the winning basketball game on the court .
The orchestra plays in the concert hall .
A skateboarder is texting his friends .
None of the pictures are in color .
Three people are sitting outside red doors .
Two females sitting at home .
People are making candles .
The men enjoy dancing in the sand .
A person is driving a go-kart around the streets of Honolulu .
Nobody has shorts
People are swimming in the ocean .
Two golden dogs are at the vet , getting an x-ray .
Child eating a bowl of noodles .
a man is sleeping
the boy liked cowboys
the boy was listening to music
the men are talking
A woman is running on a dirt track .
Two women exercising
a man sits
The man is in the middle of a busy street .
A lady sits on a bench with her purse and cell phone .
Two men running around a pond .
The banana fell off of the tree .
Dogs are eating ice cream .
The man has shorts on .
The two men are wrestling .
Two kids eat pizza inside a restaurant .
A dog is digging in the snow .
A man is sleeping at the train station .
Two men are punching at each other
A man is using an ax to chop wood outside of his home .
The women are dressed as bears .
a woman playing cards
A woman is in the kitchen cooking dinner .
Men are playing professional cricket
A dog is running in front of a batter in a game .
A woman is eating dinner
A woman is in a winter coat .
A man in a blue shirt , khaki shorts , ball cap and blue socks and loafers walking behind a group of people walking down a stone walkway with a water bottle in his left hand .
The kid is playing soccer .
The soccer players are getting a drink of water .
The guitar is on fire .
Two men are playing the piano .
The older man is shopping for groceries
The men do not have anything to drink .
A woman is riding a motorcycle down the road .
A duck is decorated with the finest jewels known to duck .
The man is walking his dog on the sidewalk .
A young lady stands at a bus station .
The man is baking a cake for his wife 's birthday party .
The people are swimming at the pool club
Zebras play zydeco .
The dog flies through the air
Two dogs are doing skateboard tricks in the park .
The woman found a humean finger .
The woman is in the bathroom .
A group of men playing a baseball game .
the man is sitting at home
There is a little girl blowing bubbles outside .
A woman chops carrots .
Two men drink coffee .
The women are taking a nap .
The boy and girl are arguing .
A woman is protesting something .
This woman is indoors .
The couple is about to jump off a building .
The cars are zooming past the people .
the woman is naked
Two people are sitting on the ground .
A young man is blindfolded .
the people are running through fire
people are sleeping on beds
A man wears a hat while sitting on the sofa .
A woman is washing her hair in a running shower .
A man on the beach .
A person is holding a baseball bat and standing at the plate awaiting an oncoming pitch .
The rescue diver is diving into the clear water .
The young women is outside .
The man is running around on the field as people watch .
the dog was shot
A man drives a limo .
A woman with a shaved head and a beard behind a chain-linked fence .
An older woman stands with her luggage .
Everybody is bald
A woman is twerking in the club
An old woman is eating lunch in a blue room .
A man dances on a volcano
The man is using the dog as a paddle .
The girl is asleep in her car seat .
A toddler is going down a slide .
The dog is asleep in the park .
The woman is eating a sandwich .
A girl is running across the busy street .
The man in all black is doing the tango .
There is a snowstorm .
nobody is sitting
A girl plays with her doll at the pool .
a girl eating her dinner
A woman eats grapes .
The boy was given a bubble bath after playing outside .
A lone surfboarder is running along the beach .
The men are playing baseball .
The people are baking a cake .
a man is working .
The man is climbing a ladder .
a basketball player slam dunking his doughnut in his coffee
a donkey runs
The cobblestone street is full of runners .
a woman with red bikini bottoms is playing volleyball
The woman is shooting a basket through the hoop .
A man and his brother driving by the beach .
People are walking on a dirt path .
The blond girl is sleeping in bed .
One woman and one man stand in front of a new car while wearing green sweaters .
A group of soldiers do pull-ups .
A young man gets hit in the face with a frisbee .
A White man is getting his hair cut .
A few people are sitting in a dining car of a train drinking coffee .
The bus was late ,
military surrounds cars during the day .
A woman pees in a toilet .
The bed is broken
Two elder men have a conversation outdoors in front of a house .
None of the balloons would blow up because they had holes in them .
These Hawaiins are demonstrating deep free diving in August .
A grizzly bear is attacking someone in a blue hat .
A butcher stands over his freshly cut meat .
The girl is sitting on the floor .
People are leaving a building .
A lonely boy picks up a penny off the ground .
The couple is taking a picture .
the men are seated and getting lapdances
a man and a dog are eating ham
A cowboy is wearing a blue shirt
A not smiling young girl with blond-hair
A man is talking to a dog on thebeach
A skateboarder tailwhips his bicycle .
The name tag says Bill
Seven people are racing in the parking lot at the grocery store .
The people are riding bikes on a street .
Persons are sitting on their couch .
An adult is asleep .
A group of women are watching a horse race
A group of men are getting ready to ride horses in a rodeo
The lady is taking a nap .
the lady is sitting
A man wearing a zombie costume is at a party holding a brown beer bottle .
a man sits on a sofa
The men are sitting at the table .
A boy gets a sunburn .
A dog is at home sleeping
People are raising the flag .
A woman in blue buys food .
A woman walks in front of a newly establishes building
A woman is on top of a jet wrestling a bear .
A man is pushing a baby stroller walking down the street .
Three people get into their van .
The brains are attacking , everyone run for your lives !
A person eating during lunch .
A man and a woman walk into a building
There is a man in a pink shirt .
Two men are eating donuts
Two men are sitting handcuffed in a police station .
Two men riding jet skis on a lake .
A woman in a black dress plays the piano .
The man is playing a guitar .
The hiker is in a cave .
The guy is killing people .
A cat on the kitchen counter .
Two dogs running in school .
Some people are fishing in a river .
A girl has time-traveled to the past to take pictures of the first Macy 's Thanksgiving Day parade .
People sit in yoga class .
The man wearing the mask is bald and is reading a comic book to his son .
A race car driver parallel parking his car .
A police officer is sitting in his police car , racing towards a criminal .
The men are working on the boat .
The girl is wearing a red skirt .
The little boy eats breakfast .
A kid washes a chalkboard
Three people are running around .
The photographer is at a photo shoot in a building .
a girl sits in a chair
A woman is chatting with her best friend over coffee .
She is touching the first light
A mom and her two daughters are swimming in the ocean .
The women are outside at football game .
Children are playing soccer in the grass .
A man is being chased by two horses .
A girl reading a novel .
The man is drilling into concrete .
The older man has a tank top on .
A man is standing next to his desk .
A little girl is shaving her fathers head
The orchestra and conductor are walking down the road .
Tourist standing in the middle of a busy intersection .
Three people are on the moon .
A man is building a house .
A man and woman are walking down the hallway of their house .
Two people are standing in front of an train .
Two young girls are sitting on a trampoline talking .
The men are jumping rope .
Two women look down at a finished walkway .
A clown is juggling balls at a circus .
The woman has her husband hog tied and cooking on the barbecue .
The taxi is in the garage .
A girl is pointing towards the ground .
The woman has nothing in her hands .
People in a fight
A blue bowl is being thrown out a window while a fruit platter is being lit on fire .
Nobody has a cap
There are people bombing the town
A skateboard does a trick without a skateboarder .
The road is pavement .
A woman threw her phone into the pond .
The tractor is small and red .
A woman walking down the street .
They are sitting by the pool sipping on margaritas
The people are sitting on the ground .
Three men , one rowing and two sitting , in a canoe surrounded by a body of water .
The man is swimming .
A broken-down van in front of a shopping mall .
two men are shopping for pie
Nobody is smiling .
People are sitting near a stand filled with candy .
There is a person doing leg presses at the local gym .
The children are looking out a window .
The children are sad because it is raining .
The children at outside .
Three old women wearing boots are dancing .
A woman drinks poison .
People are screaming
The man and woman are making love in the street .
The boy fell off his bike .
Everyone is jumping up and down .
A butterfly is trying to kill a sleeping toddler .
The man is eating stardust .
A man is holding a purse
The woman is sitting in the audience .
Nobody is standing .
A dog is sleeping under the porch .
A man is walking not on the phone .
Street vendors are closing their shops .
A guy cooking a grilled cheese .
The woman treads water after diving into the lake from a wooden dock .
The woman is a real estate agent specializing in renovation sales , and takes a moment to goof for her co-workers camera .
The group is invading Mars .
A woman with no jacket freezes in the street .
The man is kicking up dirt .
Riding a unicycle through a lumber mill .
a man in overalls with two cows
Children are playing in the snow .
two men sit in a cafe
A man and women laying down in bed
A man and women fighting
The vehicle is empty .
The two woman and digging in the garden , preparing it for the tomato plants .
a woman is sleeping on a chair
A funny standing
Nobody is standing
A man walks down a snowy hill .
The group is standing in the hot field .
People are burning others alive on stage .
the girl is asleep
The man is in his car .
The men are surfing in the nude .
Several women behind of a white truck .
Several people in front of a gray building .
A woman is standing by the fountain .
The women throw food at the kids
The girls are at home having a tea party .
The trucks are stationary in the parking lot .
A pantsless snowboarder rides down the mountain .
Two guys wearing tutus are playing basketball .
A man is slicing a cake .
A still sits in a dingy man which says `` why '' on the sidewalk while a stall poses before the man but refuses to look in it 's direction .
A boy drying himself by a pool .
A man is fishing at the beach .
Two people on a date stop by the side of the road to look in a store front window .
Men play bingo at shady tables in a local community park .
A prisoner stands in place .
an elephant sits
The older man is using the inflatable tube
They are on the boat dock .
A young man in a red shirt sits in his ice skates .
men swimming in the river
The guys are sitting in a square .
The man is naked .
People are cooking a barbecue at the beach .
The people are walking past a cemetery .
Some people are sleeping on a sofa in front of the television .
The group of men are running around the street in different directions .
People are walking down an empty road .
He made pizzas for a living
A grey dog sniffing a mushroom outside .
A napping puppy .
No one is dancing on the dance floor with the two women .
Nobody is falling .
The people are sitting .
Three people are walking outside down a set of stairs .
Three people are sitting on stairs .
A baseball player sliding toward first base .
A girl is swimming .
Two men are fleeing an enemy camp in a homemade hot air balloon .
All four women are drinking lemonade .
The man is alone in his house .
The rodeo clown is in the corner by himself .
A man is with sheep on a farm in the forest .
The woman wearing multiple layers of winter clothing is texting her friend .
the woman is asleep at home
A chef prepares creamed corn .
Some people walk quickly .
The street performer is acting as a mime .
The men sit on the ground and talk .
A group of people getting ready to go for a swim in a lake .
Little boy plays a video game .
Many friends are having a party on mars .
The person throws a square
The women are playing tennis .
The man is driving his car to the park .
a person eating a hotdog at a ballpark .
A man walks past a blank wall dressed in shorts and a white t-shirt .
A boy holds flowers for his mother on the sidewalk
A man at a restaurant .
A woman is watching a concert .
a woman is sitting in a blizzard with her son
People are standing angrily in line .
a man impersonating a police officer flies with a jetpack
A police officer is riding a unicorn in front of a crowd .
A policeman is leaning on his car
There is a person taking a close-up self portrait .
a man is sleeping
The man is nude .
The backyard is in the front of the house .
A father is trying to teach his toddler how to ride a bike .
There is a man inside , doing the dishes .
An employee at Walmart stocks dog food .
The dogs are fighting .
The baseball player is playing hockey .
Nobody is reading
A dog is having all its hair shaved off .
an artist does tricks on the street
two men smooch
People are swimming .
A woman gets on a train .
Two boys are sitting at home .
Men are riding a cat .
The woman is doing bike tricks .
A group of children are sitting in a science class
The group of delinquents are spray painting the side of a building .
A girl in a bikini is buried in the sand .
A girl in a bikini jumps off a dune into a pirate ship .
The young dancers are performing in front of an empty crowd .
People are protesting against the sexual dancing of gothic man .
Brown dogs are laying on a trail .
A group is booing and throwing tomatoes at an unseen object .
The toddler is alone and asleep in his bed .
A child is sleeping in bed .
Nobody is carrying cases
Nobody has a uniform .
A group of dogs are chasing a duck .
Four men are walking to the store in New Jersey .
Two men and another woman sing a song .
The drummer performs .
A child wearing a yellow shirt sleeping .
These three cyclists rest their feet on the floor .
Two men are getting dressed .
two puppies scratching at the door to go out .
Two girls hop down the street
the men are building a top secret bomb
the grilled cheese is burned
A woman wearing a black shirt and khakis crosses a rope bridge in a wooded area .
A lady is sewing up a hole in a dress .
A young man is sweeping his sweater with a brush .
A skateboarder goes up the hill .
The running back is in class .
People are on a bus .
Some adults without children are on the bus .
A woman is paying for lunch .
The boys are asleep .
The woman left the building .
A goalie is sitting on the grass .
The boys are swimming in the pool .
Nobody is riding
The protesters were nude .
Adults are sitting at a table .
A naked man is sitting with his eyes closed .
the plane is crashing
A school classroom full of elephants are looking for their home .
The man is shopping at the hardware store .
A girl closes her eyes .
The man is underweight .
A woman is making pancakes .
A boy jumps next to a tractor .
The dog has nothing in its mouth .
3 people are eating ice cream outside of a mall .
A man throwing a frisbee to a dog .
A woman is typing on her computer while drinking coffee .
The man works only in a t-shirt and socks .
The girl is riding in the go kart
Two people are sitting .
The best man is taking pictures from the bachelor party .
A group is playing hide and go seek
A PERSON IS DRIVING A CAR .
young ladies are riding a boat .
The girls are dancing .
The white and brown dog is standing on the edge of the water .
A man is waiting in traffic .
The girl is in surgery
the water looks cold to swim in .
a woman is standing at a table playing poker .
The garbage man is handing out icicles .
A family enjoy the beach on a summer day .
A lumberjack cuts down a tree in a desert .
A woman is sitting in the desert with a flat tire .
The older man is talking to another man .
The child is a brunette .
Two cars parked inside of a garage .
people are doing nothing
The gymnast is from Trinidad .
The animals are not in the water .
Devil worshipers place black candles and dark drawings on the floor of an abandoned building .
They all eat giant sandwiches
Three horses are playing in a field together .
two men are at a ball game
the men are dry
Two ladies are kicking each other .
The woman is avoiding the rain by using an umbrella .
Two women are having lunch in a cafeteria .
The band has no bass player .
A band practicing alone in their parents ' basement
A couple watching television
A man is standing alone in the auditorium .
the flies are eating shark
The construction crew is done for the day
a little boy is playing hide and seek in the woods
a little boy was fishing in a pond
The guys are eating together in a restaurant .
The lady is old and ugly .
A man is standing in the road wearing a white jacket .
The is pass out on the floor .
Two girls and one man are destroying merchandise .
The wrestler in purple celebrates .
The wrestler in blue is undefeated .
A is falling .
Two young girls are running outside .
A group of naked people sitting in the grass .
The President of the United States sits at his desk in the Oval Office .
A couple having fight .
The man is wearing an orange suit .
A dog jumping through hoops .
The children are inside playing video games .
Everyone is standing apart .
A girl sleeps
A group of dogs chasing a cat .
The dog is eating the plants .
Running away from a stray dog
Two men are wearing purple dresses .
A dog is sleeping at the beach
Three dogs run through the arctic .
The couple are sitting down for dinner .
A local policeman standing in front of the spaceship
Woman is cooking dinner .
Two blond females are swimming .
The boy is building a tent .
The pool is 10ft deep .
The little boy is diving off the diving board because he is an excellent swimmer .
A bunch of people sitting on the beach on a cloudless day .
A women playing in ground
A large crowd are pulling a long rope .
A chef jumps
The dogs are swimming .
Children running around playing tag .
There is a man purchasing a scope
A man in a lab coat takes a lady 's blood .
A bald man is watching tennis .
A girl surfing .
A couple kissing passionately in an asian room .
Male nun is on the moon .
The boy jumped from the tree .
A man is driving away from an empty garbage bin .
Businessmen all in suits carrying black briefcases .
A group of silent mummers were performing in the park .
There is no beach nearby .
A business man is fishing alone in the middle of the Pacific ocean .
A man holds a fish alone in the woods .
The snow is hot
a couple of men eat cheese cake in the woods
The man with the bag is walking across the street
A woman knits baby booties .
The table is neat and clean .
A group of guys play football in a grassy field .
A couple are wearing sunglasses .
The beach is empty
The girls walk separately down the street .
Nobody is sitting
A person climbs a tree in the woods .
Troops are marching
A boy is walking around
They were hurt in a crash on the way to the Olympics .
A black dog is sleeping .
A heavy metal band plays an arena show .
The guy with inline skates is sitting down .
Women are working with flowers .
A child is building a sandcastle on the beach .
A view of Mars .
Nobody is in black
Huskies are pulling the iditarod sled .
The young man is sleeping .
A sad woman who is naked holds a bag of garbage .
The females are flying in the air on their butterflies .
A woman and man are selling dogs and children .
People are on a double decker bus in London .
Three men are at a table playing cards
Two children are with a cat on leash who is standing against a tree .
A man in a black shirt getting a tattoo .
The dog is laying on a pointy object
The dog is standing on an object
The woman is getting her hair done .
A dune buggy is stuck in traffic on the interstate .
The banner says `` Atlantis 2590 ''
There are people watching football on tv
Two cats are playing .
A group of friends are playing the xbox while other friends wait for their turn .
A group of people plays a game on the floor of a spaceship .
The woman is swimming alone in her indoor pool on the moon .
The person is naked and drunk running with a flag across a field while a soccer match is going on .
A group of Asian men are playing soccer .
A man wearing a tutu .
The girls have blue shirts .
A man is wearing a black shirt
The old woman is dancing .
A car is driving itself off the cliff .
An all-girl band is performing at the jazz fest tonight .
The man is hammering a
A man with no hair is in a street show .
a dog runs through the backyard .
Several boys are standing in a field .
Two men sit at desks
Nobody is here .
A little boy is shooting a basketball .
The man sitting beneath the presentation had no shirt on .
Nobody has a shirt
The male child is eating an apple .
Asian woman is running a marathon race .
A crowd watches two men dressed in suits play guitars .
the family is seated
A skater is sleeping .
three girls painting their toenails .
The football players are walking slowly
A father and son watch television together .
a dog jumps over a fence
Nobody is drinking
Two women are eating tacos at home .
Two boys are milking a milk cart .
a girl jumps for joy
People praying inside a church .
The building is walking toward the men .
several people are surfing
Skipping at a place with no cats and walk into windows
Two friends are walking together to there house and decided to skip
A young girl walking inside her house .
A girl has all white .
The man is sweeping his home .
A man watches others climbing a rock .
the man is naked at work
The sidewalk was deserted .
The man is pressure washing his house .
There is a young man in a crowd .
A man makes a sandwich .
A boy is walking around on the grass .
Two women riding in the school bus .
A woman , wearing a blue shirt , is wearing headphones and working with sound equipment .
A little girl is in an airplane .
This is woman standing by a fruit or vegetable cart peeling a piece of fruit .
Two men eat ice cream .
The man is n't wearing anything .
A man is feeding some birds some bread .
A group of dogs are at a conference watching a slideshow .
A naked man is drinking juice from a glass .
The group of people are running in a race .
People playing basketball .
There are 2 boys .
A group of men are standing on a roof .
A woman is playing tennis .
The mural depicts only more birds
The women are sitting at the cafe .
Here ia picture of that dog .
The kid just started his kung fu training class .
A young boy playing with a dog .
It is a hot summer day in Miami .
A man drinks from his wineglass .
An old man jumping into a pool .
The man is standing in front of the ambulance .
The soccer players are on the ground in a pile .
A woman holds a sack of rice in the middle of the line at the supermarket .
a woman talking to the TV
The woman with the skirt outside is smiling .
A young man is sitting in a field .
A man is performing in a parade with dogs .
A group of people in the winter tundra playing a game .
A man plays the flute .
The dog is taking a nap
A child slowly diess of thirst .
A man drives a car to work .
A person is looking at the worms on the ground .
There is a young boy riding his bike .
Two friends are fighting at a construction site .
Three people at the mall .
A person is picking up a pizza for dinner .
A man sitting and eating steak .
A woman and her cat walk down the street .
the young man read a book on the bench
Someone is holding something heavy outside .
There is no one outside .
The net is purple
The people are sleeping in bed .
The person is walking down stairs .
The child is indoors .
A man is jumping off a rock .
The two indian men are wearing sports gear .
Some people wait in line .
People are running in a grassy area .
An old man is jogging along the street .
The dogs are eating their dinner .
The little boy is running .
The woman is seated
A little girl tears the head off of her doll .
An adult ginger walking up a hill .
A woman is doing a handstand in a park on a sunny day .
The construction worker is sleeping standing up .
Five guys are eating burgers on a street corner .
A person is driving a fire truck .
The person is writing a book .
Two men are walking through the market .
two men are playing football with each other .
A girl sits by herself on the sidewalk .
the child is in stripe ,
The young man is singing a song .
A woman is on a phone and her kit is playing with a sheet of paper .
Man dressed in business casual attire playing the oboe with the rest of a band .
A woman is jogging on the bike trail .
A woman is driving off a cliff .
The kids are not reading .
Some birds land on a telephone wire .
A man is being arrested for breaking a window .
A man playing a violin serenades a lover .
The beach is on Venus .
Two brunettes are sitting in a park .
A group of men wearing business suits are ready to board the train .
A man is caught streaking at a baseball game .
A man is sitting in a mall courtyard on a metal bench .
The lamp has a busted bulb .
A man is standing inside of his house
Children are not a game
Nobody is knitting .
Soldiers prepare the umbrella that will deflect the world ending asteroids due to crash into the Earth 's surface any moment .
A man eats a carrot .
A young man competes in a tennis championship .
A woman sits in the lobby waiting on the doctor .
Two people are playing video games .
The couple eats dinner together .
The man is playing with a blue ball .
A person is playing basketball .
The tent is advertising free flu vaccinations .
The women are indoors .
Two children are playing inside .
women walk through the sand
The man is taking a jog .
The woman is knitting a sweater .
The woman is standing up .
The person is from Italy
The dogs are playing in the yard .
The woman is sliding on the ground quickly to get back to her base .
A blonde man is near a clean concrete wall .
The man is sleeping
A lady is painting a dog
A group of young boys studying at the library
There is a tin can and string telephone .
There are girls and boys
Kids are playing in the swimming pool .
A girl is playing with her cat .
The man is having sex on top of the washer
Nobody is wearing
The person is sipping hot chocolate inside a skating rink .
The man is swimming in a pool .
Two women are sitting on a grassy hillside wearing bike helmets .
A boy is playing with his Gamecube on the couch .
The man is cooking dinner with the hardware .
A woman eats a salad
A young boy swings from a tire swing hung from a chandelier .
A man is sleeping in bed with his wife cooking upstairs .
The people ride their bikes around town .
A military group is attacking a large SUV to get supplies .
Several runners compete in a bike race .
The man is wearing red .
The man is holding a black umbrella
cheese is made from water
A boy is playing baseball with his friends .
A child playing in the sand .
The cats are brown and red .
Three children are swimming next to the sidewalk .
A woman is standing in coconuts while trying to open one .
The man is breaking into the building .
A huge dog wearing nothing runs through the yard .
The men are all wearing sandals .
A man completes a crossword puzzle .
A person is studying graffiti on a building .
People sitting in a restaurant .
street performers are with santa in a lake
A woman wearing a green shirt eats at the table .
A woman in a red apron is preparing a meal .
There are two people eating pizza .
A boy dives in soccer to prevent the winning goal
There is someone running through a forest .
A dog at the dog groomers , gets a bath , a blow dry , and a nice brushing .
The boy is standing behind a car .
The child is awake .
A woman falls down in the sand .
A man sun bathing
The boys are asleep .
The girl is swimming in water .
The three people are walking .
A woman on stage wearing a red shirt is zipping up his pants .
The fully grown man in a blue jean hat looks at the camera while holding his wife 's hand .
A lazy man sits alone on his couch .
Both workers are standing upright .
A man eats a chalupa .
The waves have torn down a sand castle that the man is standing near .
Two children run in different directions .
A man is reading a magazine at the library .
The child is running
A man eating a cow .
The park is conversing with the young others .
Some kids sit on a rollercoaster .
A man is juggling a teddy bear and a microphone in the air
A man drives a boat through the ocean .
Some people are holding hands and walking away .
A boy wears a blue shirt and sings in the rain .
Two boys are going for a swim in the water .
The bus is empty .
The adults are fighting .
The woman is running .
A group of men found treasure .
Several women are eating at McDonalds
None of these people can see this car 's engine .
A woman and child play hide and go seek at the park .
A small group of people head to their cars .
A young boy is at the park .
The people are walking in road .
There are people in road .
Three gentlemen driving too fast just got pulled up by the police woman who is very cute
The man has nothing on his head .
the people standing in a train
Nobody is working
A girl is flying a kite .
The two kids fight over puzzle pieces .
The men sit in the room watching sports .
A little boy smiles at his pet iguana .
The men are at a sports bar
two girls were watching a ryan gosling flick .
The truck is n't doing anything
The cheerleaders makeout in the pool
A woman snatches a child before the car hits her .
Cabbage makes a lovely cumberbund .
A man is walking his dog .
The two girls are in deep water .
A young girl is standing next the sandbox .
A man is driving a car .
The man is wearing high heels .
A snowboarder is sitting on a chair .
The person is sailing a boat .
A dog sits on a rock alone .
The men are higher than the wall .
gymnast takes a nap on balance beam
The woman is wading into the water .
A man stands in the building ignoring the racers .
The two men are sleeping .
A guy is chilling at home .
The women are ignoring each other
A white dog swimming in a lake
The man is windsurfing in his bathtub .
A woman is pushing groceries in a cart .
The two people are walking through a museum .
Two kids riding a see-saw .
Children and adults are standing outside of a gym .
The children are wearing tank tops .
A man is making a pizza .
A dog is chasing a cat .
The man is on the moon .
Nobody has a cap
A man in blue pants throwing snowballs .
Bikers riding their bikes inside .
The people are eating in a cafe .
There is a man holding a remote watching television .
People are sitting down outside .
A man is drowining .
They are riding the bus .
A guy shines his shoes .
A person is biking down the hill .
Two girls are jumping rope .
A dog next to some kittens .
The kids are playing Ticket to Ride while riding a kayak down the New River .
the boy is crying while being held back his mother
A dog and a pig play in some mud .
The dog is sleeping .
The man is watching tv
A man is looking at some colorful dresses .
A child sleeping soundly inside its crib .
The father is giving his children a bath .
The crowd in the room is smiling at the camera man .
The sweatshirt is green
A child is playing with a puppy .
Women doing jumping jacks .
The athlete is performing a karate toss .
the player lays on the bed
There is an adult football game on the tc
A man doing snow angels in the grass .
The woman is taking a shower .
some kids are sitting around playing videogames
The girl is swimming in a pool .
The baby is asleep in the crib .
A baseball player is on a stretcher after being injured by a ball .
Three men playing a game of poker at a table .
The band is unloading their equipment from their van .
The boy is sitting in his bedroom .
The man is cooking fish on the grill in his backyard .
Nobody has umbrellas .
A man is drinking a soda .
A boy is barely swinging on the swing .
a man is on the swing
A girl jumps under a purple rope .
the man is flying a plane
the firefighters are driving
The person is walking towards a monk .
some cyclists jump
2 boys compete in hide and seek .
A man is running .
A black woman dances through her walk in closet .
A man sitting in a lounge chair .
A child is riding a bicycle on a sidewalk .
A woman eats a slice of pizza .
A man swimming in vegetables in a truck .
A woman throws food at a couple
She punches through the wall
The woman is finishing her work as a hair stylist
People rest on the curb .
The woman is sleeping on a bench .
A child plays at a soccer game .
Everyone pictured is male .
The lady makes a cake .
Two kids are taking a ride on a ferris wheel .
A woman is resting in a hammock outside .
A woman starred out the window while thinking about her day .
A lady is waiting for her ride down the street .
The player is alone asleep in the bathtub .
The people are swimming in the ocean at noon .
Two people are scuba diving while holding onto their cameras .
Nobody has shorts .
A family of beavers working to re-dam the river they 've made their home in .
Two women basking in the sun .
Woman sweeping her kitchen floor .
The woman is running down the street .
The man is throwing food everywhere .
A little girl is walking down the stairs .
A man buys a tv at Best Buy .
Three people take pictures .
A man fixes a dryer .
An old man is snoring .
The singer and musician are in the bathroom .
Two dogs are running after a cat .
Two dogs are lying on the grass .
A man tries on a new tie .
A skateboarder is swimming with sharks .
The man is playing the drums
People sunbathe on a beach .
The man is relaxed in his bed .
A man is riding a motorcycle next to a boy on a bicycle .
A man is sitting near the sea .
The rider is actually a cat hunched over on top of a horse
People are inside , sitting at a concert .
A single woman is inside cooking dinner for her only child , her daughter .
People are swimming in the lake .
A young girl holds her stuffed bear .
A husband and wife are waiting for their meal to be served .
A woman is picking flowers .
The basketball player is looking at everyone .
a man walking down the road watches birds
A young man is swimming in the ocean .
Nobody has a shirt on
A woman is painting her fingernails .
A woman is walking through town .
A small white case is on the table .
A baby is crying
A white dog is begging for food .
A woman is hiking .
A woman is chasing two turtles with a mop .
The children are playing tag .
A man sitting in a tan chair beside of a dog while smiling at the camera .
The man is an actor at a photoshoot .
A man smiles into the camera iwth his dog nearby .
the people are sitting down .
the calligrapher is blind and crazy and not skilled
A military man lounges by a pool sipping a drink .
A man playing the drums
The car is in a show room
Two children are taking a nap .
A man eating ice cream .
The girl is throwing a frisbee .
a woman sits in chair
A man is sleeping .
A dog is ice skating .
A group of people swimming .
A man in sunglasses holding a small boy waits to get his first tattoo .
There is only one boy present .
The man is looking at a painting .
The bottle used to hold bear .
The kids are riding bikes
It is empty outside .
Three large boats and one smaller boat are docked at a pier .
Two dogs sit in their pen .
the pig was eating monkeys
Two children are eating together at a fantasy fair .
the man is dancing as the woman watches
The men in robes and capes are bike riding zombies .
The woman is going iceskating .
A soccer player shows off
A woman is baking cakes .
A woman attracts man to help her
A doctor is performing a simple check up .
The cat was stuck in a tree .
Two men playing video games in the basement .
Three girls crying over a sad movie .
two men sit in a train car
A group of men are playing poker around the kitchen table .
People are running down the street .
I eat spaghetti with my elbows .
two men play on a basketball court
The girl is at the museum .
two men sleep in a tent
A man and woman are swimming in the ocean .
The woman is in a field .
A person sits on some grass .
The little boys are playing at an arcade .
A man is driving down a lonely road .
A man takes his child for a walk with their dogs .
Santa Claus tells the kids he is not real at the mall .
The pool is built inside of the hotel .
Parents teaching their child the alphabet with crayons
The woman is carrying the flag .
The woman is swimming with his child at the pool .
Old men are smoking pipes on their front porch .
A dog is tearing at the deers ' throat .
The young man is indoors in a gymnasium .
A white dog is sleeping inside .
The climber is wearing a pink shirt .
A Man is standing in a very large produce section of a grocery store .
The man is sitting by down drinking coffee .
A guy is n't afraid to fall down and spoiled his bright uniform .
A man in dark clothes is skiing .
A group of people are wearing business suits .
cat chased by tiger
Several people mow the grass .
there is a quiet nature scene with no people
the women are helping make pies
The girl is alone in the middle of the ocean on top of the moon .
No natural objects are shown here - every single thing is man made .
the sledgehammer is small
A man shows a group of people how to blow glass .
The boy is hugged by a person in a bear costume .
A man is soaked from the rain .
Five people are bandaging a leg wound .
The 4 soldiers riding in a jeep .
The woman is standing on the ground petting her horse .
A girl is eating some sort of lab experiment while another girls watches in horror .
A flat plain is visible in all directions .
The two old men was ice skating at the ice rink .
A warm towel is on the floor .
A female is asleep on the deck .
A man is drawing a face on a window .
The little girl is pushing the boy on the swing .
The man is old .
The father and his son are playing in the pool .
A girl is playing in the snow .
A man in jeans is sitting by a pond throwing bread to ducks .
Fish catches man .
There is a dog sleeping
A group of people are watching some ducks at the pond .
A woman tattoos someone .
Wild Bill Hickock wrote the Iliad .
Two children lie by a pool in summer .
The man is yodeling in a gondula .
The women are boarding an airplane .
The people are sitting .
The woman is out in a field .
The dogs are chewing on delicious bones .
Two dogs inside sleeping .
The black dog is laying on the grass .
A little girl wearing a white shirt goes down a slide .
The rows designate some kind of award .
The women are in a single row .
A guy watering his garden .
a man punching a girl
a group of children play tea in a bedroom .
The girl is jumping on the trampoline in her front yard .
A man dressed in a suit throws a frisbee at the lake .
A group of little girls are dancing .
A baseball player swinging at a pitch .
a boy kisses another boy
The woman is standing in line to buy a hot dog .
The children are sleep outside .
A baseball player strikes out .
A kid is roaming the streets looking for his dog .
Two people have engaged in a sword fight and both are dead .
a room of kids dancing .
The woman is holding a net .
A girl follows her father through the airport .
the woman is asleep at home
Old men play a peaceful game of chess in the park .
Nobody is on a bike
The children 's room is empty .
A man is indoors .
A man sitting down watching television .
The man in the black and white shirt is sitting with a book .
A soup bowl prepares a woman .
Two people are walking .
It is springtime outside .
A person is laying on the shore .
The group of friends are enjoying the sun .
The street vendor is at home cooking dinner .
A boy have no make up on his face .
A man in a green shirt is playing the piano .
A woman is drinking apple juice .
The adult was running in the mountains .
A woman runs next to a subway exit .
A kid is in the field .
A teenage boy is standing in front of a television and is about to play on a xbox .
Nobody has a hockey stick .
The girls are writing an essay .
A wrestler is dead .
A wrestler is fighting .
There is someone surfing at the beach .
A man walks in the rain .
A woman is preparing to sleep on a treadmill .
The good friends eat ice cream together
The couple is at a restaurant .
A man and his three children watch the helium balloons float higher in the air .
A child is sleeping in a bed .
Two women gossip on a bench .
Two people sitting under a tent while another bakes a cake .
A little girl is sleep .
Two teams are playing tennis
A couple went to KFC for dinner .
A person in a hooded shirt runs through a field with guns in both hands .
A man gets his picture taken .
A young woman photgraphs the ocean .
The boy is playing baseball at school with his friends .
the man was sick in bed all day
the man is watching the trains pass
a boy sleeps in a car
A race car driver is riding in an 18-wheeler .
The two bicyclists cross each and give each a high five as one pedals uphill , and the other downhill .
The people were not waiting .
The young boy is taking a bath .
It 's a motorcycle race
Women are talking
The club is not being guarded .
The man is Abraham Lincoln .
The skateboarder is at a concert with his girlfriend .
Two adult college students pose for a picture .
Four men dressed in various colors are playing basketball in the court outside .
The man is inside .
The people are riding horses down the street .
the men are flying an airplane
A man and woman have two cats between them .
A family rides a roller coaster .
A couple is waiting to go outside .
The children are at a birthday party .
People are flying a plane
A woman plays basketball at the park .
A man is painting in his living room .
A group of people in the office prepare for the snowstorm .
A woman with a black tank top poses for a picture .
The man lies wide awake in the bed of his boat trying to fall asleep
the man is in a white suit
Two dogs are walking down the road .
Two men with gritted teeth .
The man in the blue shirt is sitting on a bench
A person is lying on the beach .
Two man are sitting down inside .
A young girl posing for a picture .
The child is swinging on a swing set .
The park plaza is absolutely empty .
The child is sitting in his mother 's lap behaving .
A child has fallen at an art museum as a man helps him up .
A man is standing in front of the house with a wrench .
The dog is wearing a dress .
The dog is driving a car .
The girls are wearing hockey jerseys .
Nobody is using the camera .
A woman in shorts smears dirt on the wall .
The boy is eating a pie .
A lion at the circus .
The police officer riding a horse is talking to a man driving a car
The guy is shouting at the dog .
A man searches for a clock , wondering what time it is .
Asian workers are building with metal .
A girl is spray painting the plants pink to match her pants .
A woman is pushing a bicycle .
Two people excitedly watch an event
The couple on the bed are angry .
Nobody is playing .
A group of girl scouts are standing in an alert position .
The Afraican boy walks the street freely .
A ship fires off its canons to celebrate its launch .
A man brushes his hair .
Two women are looking at the floor .
A man and woman fight .
the man is running through town
A young woman is in a field with a cat .
A man and a female doing some swing dancing .
the instruments are made of fire
A natural red haired woman is sitting on a couch .
An Asian man in a white robe .
a priest is in solitude
The girl is playing with the ball .
The smugglers will be coming into port shortly to pillage
A man stands on a corner .
A woman with a blue purse sitting down .
A teacher is writing notes on a test .
The group of women are on a single motor bike .
The girl is splashing in an inner tube in the water .
A man is walking down a wooded path and talking on the phone .
A dog died
A man has a white cap .
A man sleeps on a car .
A boy sleeps through his science class .
Backside view of a South America street vendor tending to her car .
Kids in casual clothing are playing at a park .
players sitting on the bench
The man is skateboarding in a park .
a man running on the track
they are parked in a garage
a cat sleeps on a pillow
An old dog sleeps at his owners feet .
Two men are destroying signs that kids created .
A man run in playground .
A boy is playing nintendo on his couch
Two boys are in line about to order at a Mexican eatery .
Two rugby players are running through a store .
A boxer without tattooes is getting beat up outdoors .
A young man is asleep .
Woman sits on the sidelines of a basketball game .
The girl is drying off outside of the pool .
Nobody is smiling
A girl is taking a spelling test .
A woman is looking
The crowd is staring up at the man on the stage .
The women are holding an empty flag pole
woman sleeps on a couch
The young woman works in an ice cream shop .
A boy holding a rope is sleeping .
The boarder is being dumped on molten hot lava .
A woman is standing at a machine .
A man and a woman are seated on a blanket underneath a large oak tree .
A person on a white horse and red shirt and baseball hat attempts to lasso a running calf
A whale eats the fish .
A dog floating on a river near a metropolitan area .
A woman broke her toe .
The leaves are green .
The chef mixes batter while a student stands on their head .
The man is pushing his bike down the road
A mountain falls in front of a crowd .
The men are dressed in solid red jackets and blue pants .
The rollerskaters are well informer .
A boy is sad and alone .
A man is ignoring a homeless woman who is begging on the street in the rain .
Two men driving in a truck down an empty highway .
A family of four plays in the surf .
Mark Twain has convinced Huckleberry Finn to wash the entire bus while Twain outlines his new novel .
The man is running in snow .
The man is riding the bike .
Just a bike
A man and his son put camouflage greasepaint on their faces before they go hunting .
The customer turns around and leaves the restaurant without ordering lunch .
A bald man leaves a store without buying anything .
The man is standing on the sidewalk .
A bulldog laying in the shade of a large oak tree .
A girl looking ready to sleep .
The man is not wearing a jacket .
A small dog is sitting in the rain .
Young people are playing tennis .
A man standing at a dinner table looking at his family .
Olympic hopefuls perform their swim routines .
The young boy scout is cleaning up the aftermath of an awesome party .
The young boy is sleeping .
Four teenagers playing chess .
A soccer ball bounces in a mud puddle on the street .
A man is holding a microphone on stage .
The man and woman are in a desert .
Two men are sitting on a bench as a crowd watches .
Nobody has an outfit
a dog lies down
A man wearing yellow shorts and a white jacket
Several dogs are waiting for a ride home from the dog park .
a couple on a motorcycle
The two people are in a placid lake .
A police officer issues a citation .
A man is running away
The young man is bald .
A man is sweeping his driveway .
A female in dark shorts is taking a nap at her Grannys house .
A man is stabbing a woman in the alley .
A young woman in a grey tank-top passes by the stairs
A man riding a bike .
An old man has to lye down in bed , as he is n't feeling well .
A man is sitting in an audience .
A baby is having his diaper changed .
The boy is in the shower .
A lady is swimming in a natural pool next to red covered tents
The woman dips her toes into the indoor pool .
the man is at home sleeping
A lady poked her eye with needles
The children throw rocks at the militant threatening their safety .
a man is playing with a green , white and red spinning toy that turning on the ground .
A man is riding a bicycle with signs in the background .
The young man is wearing nothing on his head .
A boy looks at a camera
The man is alone in his bathroom .
A lady is scolding a man
The horses are in their stables .
a man nibbles food from the table
a man is looking at his phone
A child in a green hoodie waits on the couch .
The persons are smoking cigarettes at the local bar .
A black and white cat prepares to catch a Frisbee .
fish in bowl
This people do n't know how to ride a bike .
Someone is using a microwave .
The boy is playing soccer .
A girl walks by herself through her neighborhood .
A boy is playing with a toy trick .
The girl is asleep at the bottom of the ocean .
People walk down a pristine street .
The person was standing on a roof .
A group of people running in a gym .
The women are making pizza .
There are five men eating tacos .
A baby is high fiving his friend who throws him a banana .
The lady is standing alone .
A group of people are standing around waiting to be seated at a restaurant .
Clerk is busy ringing up products .
The people are dancing on opposite sides of each other .
A man is sitting in a barber 's chair inside an empty barber shop .
There is a group of women .
The race is full of monkeys .
The women are wearing dark coats .
The woman has a black sheet
The man is driving a bus .
The girl is alone in her bedroom asleep .
People are standing around looking at art .
The people are in a unicycle race .
It is sunny
The girl has a green shirt .
A skier died by red flag .
Children screech in delight and stampede in all directions with no regard for the elderly residents of the nursing home .
The baby is standing all on its own .
Every person shown has extremely traditional ethnic dress on .
Male cheerleaders talking
The child is sitting on the floor .
A woman is driving a car too fast .
The guy in red is at home unpacking .
a girl talk on the phone
two woman talking
A group of men on a bass boat .
Two girls in softball uniforms are sitting on the ground .
There is only one person present .
People are walking on a street .
Two women are walking down the sidewalk .
The man is appealing to morality .
Some men are sitting in a hottub .
An old woman sits on a rock .
A bike is in the garage .
The man is not wearing glasses .
there is no one in this picture .
People are sticking their hands out at the fire pit .
A crowd of people are watching a movie indoors .
People are eating .
The woman is not carrying an umbrella .
A couple work together to make dinner in the kitchen .
The woman is sitting down .
A man is sleeping .
The person is on a motorcycle .
A man is revving his dirt bike , ready for his race .
A girl holds a kitten .
racing on a dry road .
A woman with a black scarf is juggling bananas .
The two men are skiing down the slope .
There are only two children in the cage .
The people are staying in their house .
A tree eating a taco .
Two people are jumping into a pool to go swimming .
Women are laying next to motorized bikes .
The women points at the frozen glacier off the side of the cruise ship .
The man is whispering to his son
Firefighters posing in front of fire .
The dog is standing on one leg .
The dog is on all fours running .
A group of dancers is watching a movie
A girl is sleeping .
Four people in a barn working on a car .
A man takes pictures of twelve zebras .
The child is playing baseball at home .
A person is shampooing the carpet .
Four people were in fighting to the death in a hallway .
A girl is swinging on a tire swing .
A flower grows in front of a lawm .
A woman is next to a red compact car .
A dog is taking a nap .
The man is with a cat .
A woman is putting ice cream in her shoe .
The men are brightly dressed
two women drive home
A man is running down the sidewalk .
A man is plowing a field .
The man and woman are walking to the pharmacy .
The man and woman are standing in the shower .
Nobody is singing
The speakers are playing propaganda messages while driving down a war torn street .
The trolley looks brand new .
Three man are standing in a room .
Man is swimming .
A race car has stalled along the track .
Two cars are parked in a garage .
car parked in the ground
The man hit the camera .
A guy is in a spacious dining room .
A guy is rolling a cigarette .
The girl is a grandparent
The man is singing on the guitar .
Two children are driving side by side in cars .
Some kids play in the backyard .
One person is alone in his garden planting flowers .
A woman is fixing her makeup .
The small group of adults and children are watching television and eating popcorn .
A group of people stand perfectly still .
A man is baking a loaf of bread .
A boy is not holding anything .
There is a man outside , hanging up laundry .
The four construction workers are taking the day off and are having a latte at a cafe .
He is walking on his hands .
A young boy is playing hockey .
The two men step off the bus .
A group of people are sleeping on the couch .
A car parked on a ferry boat .
A woman is using a red kayak .
A military man looking throu a microscope .
Some people holding flags are riding motorbikes .
A middle-aged Asian lady is ordering food from behind a counter .
two men sit in a truck
The group of people are in the ballroom .
The snowboarder is wearing white .
A woman is rowing .
A girl buys sandwiches from a vendor .
Man burying his dead dog .
The young man is playing the drums .
The man in a shirt is leaning on a post .
The man is standing on some grass .
The man is swimming in the middle of the ocean by himself .
The man is near water .
A child plays with a dog in a field .
Workers are doing construction
a girl with a sack also known as a he she
Three people on bicycles are chasing a jeep .
The women are all wearing blue .
The young boy is wearing red shorts .
A lion is eating a huge slab of raw meat .
Kids are resting in the lawn .
The t-shirt is blue .
A man is a soldier in a fight
The men are swimming in the middle of the ocean .
A woman drives her son to soccer practice .
The people are athletes
The biker rode down the hill .
A man is eating a hotdog .
Man skateboarding by himself on a half-wall with graffiti on cement .
The man is walking
man driving his car past a statue
An old lady fell on the stairs .
Some people are playing Donkey Kong
A man playing a guitar on a desolate street corner .
The person is playing on his tablet .
A man is looking at a painting .
Three people in life jackets pose next to the lifeguard stand .
A person is sitting in a chair .
A man is in his bed .
the dog is dry
The woman 's face has a flawless alabaster complexion .
Two dog are sitting in the dirt .
The women are running in a marathon .
The crowd of people standing and cheering .
The girl is walking on the grass .
The rider is swimming in the middle of the ocean .
The kids are standing single file .
The person is riding a horse .
A dog is laying down inside .
A pack of ninja turtles fighting crime .
The woman is in the bathroom .
Nobody is making music .
Men are building a skyscraper .
An acrobat performing for a handsome man .
A girl is trying to swim on the beach .
a bearded man sits on a bench watching squirrels .
A woman lugging things over her back
the girl is eating Hershey kisses inside
A woman is sitting on her bed .
A dog is asleep
The airplane is empty .
The people are asleep in their bedroom .
Three naked men in the ocean .
The man really has furry green skin .
Two women are swimming underwater .
The pedestrian is only wearing socks .
A woman is swimming in a pool .
A girl is swimming in a pool .
a man jumps
The car is perfectly fine
A person is standing between two cows .
A blond is pulling a book off the shelf at the library .
The man and woman are staring into each others ' eyes .
twelve dwarves sing a sogn
A woman works on a new porch .
A young man sleeping in a hammock .
The woman is american .
The Asian woman is singing .
The people are running .
A lady is selling jewelry at the flea market .
The group is inside the recording studio .
A car is sitting in the shop , waiting for a mechanic to fix a part .
A barbershop singing group is performing at a gymnasium .
a man curling weights at the gym
Four women in dresses are standing near a cocktail table at a rooftop party .
There is a man in a white hoodie watching a man in a blue cap .
The man is eating lunch
A farmer takes a cow through a wooden gate .
Two women are on surfboards far from shore .
In a wide open , treeless field , an elephant is being chased by a mouse .
The car is a food truck .
A man washing his car in the drive way .
The men are watering roses
A man is playing softball .
A group of men are sitting in a group .
The runner hates the crowd .
The boy slept while playing a game
Two men spin so fast they take flight .
a boat out of the water
The redheaded woman is at the salon dying her hair brunette .
Two ladies are sitting at the bar .
A pair of women go bowling .
The woman is making pizza .
People hiding in bushes to scare little children .
The men are playing ice hockey .
Three men in short sleeved shirts are cheering for a bike race .
They are on motorcycles .
The chef is running out of the kitchen as flames engulf his kitchen , smoke alarms sounding .
He wears contact lens .
dog is playing baseball
Three people walk up the stairs .
The girl is waiting on her bike
Two people are doing squats
A man plays with a dog .
The woman is swimming laps at the pool
The man does n't have anything in his hands .
An empty street usually filled with people walking and riding bikes .
The stage is extremely quiet
People are standing in a rain forest .
The mother is carrying groceries in both hands .
The man is drinking .
A man has nothing around his neck .
A man flies a kite .
A woman is sitting on a bench .
The seagulls rest on the beach , heads under wings sleeping .
People are talking to the choir .
The women fix bikes as men watch .
A boy is in the water playing with his mum .
A father drowns his two children , since he hates his life .
A man is childless .
The dogs are playing in grass .
A woman holds a happy baby while another person stands nearby .
A man and a woman are changing a baby 's diaper .
A darkly dressed man passes a crying baby to a man in light colored clothes .
A man sits all alone on a park bench , arms folded .
A man sits in a chair as his dog sleeps beside him .
The elderly lady is dead in a coffin
A man cooks steak on a hot plate alone .
A group of people swim fast from a shark .
A white dog running in the snow .
Dogs laying down on the floor , motionless .
A person works on perfecting his golf swing .
Two dogs are walking up a mountain .
Another woman is eating a sandwich .
While drinking beer a man is dancing with another man
the woman is driving down the road .
The children have blue faces .
A man is selling steak knives on a cart .
a man makes smores alone
The skateboarder is taking a break by sitting on the bench .
Children are throwing rocks at small sheep .
A young girl in a pink tutu is driving a motorcycle .
Man playing the piano
Adults make up the band .
A woman is holding a fresh baked cherry pie in front of a girl in a party dress .
This man plays the tuba while Sousa instructs .
A person is napping on the couch .
A lady in a white dress runs past a poster .
Soccer players are running down the field .
The young man is lying in bed with a cold .
A man is chasing after a young boy who is running after a ball .
the man is wearing a green shirt
Nobody is dancing
A man is performing surgery on a giraffe while singing .
A man is playing the drums .
A man and a woman are riding a camel .
A girl is in bed .
The person is using the toilet .
A woman knits herself a sock .
A woman is cooking dinner .
The Japanese man in a denim jacket has straight black hair .
a nude man is holding a pole
A clown washing windows .
Sex workers are on strike at the train tracks .
the boy and man are talking among themselves
A man is standing in line .
a woman goes for a walk
This women 's - only gym is packed with numerous customers .
A young boy in a cowboy hat is throwing a ball
They are very sad .
Four people are driving home
The man in a wetsuit is eating a hamburger on the beach .
The woman is wearing a red shirt .
The man drives his car in the woods .
A dog sleeps beneath a tree in the backyard .
A man playing a sport in a red uniform holding a paddle over his head .
Seven children stand still as the photo is taken .
Stretching before a marathong .
The dog is running through the grass .
A man is drinking coffee at the cafe .
A man has a dark colored uniform .
Young man skis down the mountain .
The girl is wearing a white jacket .
He is shopping at walmart
A cat claws at a toy .
A man is skiing .
The woman is swimming in the middle of the ocean by herself .
An old bearded lady plays an instrument on the side of a river .
An old bearded man plays a board game on the side of a sidewalk .
Two old men play cards in traditional African dress .
A man is sleeping in a park by his violin .
The desk chairs were empty as the people lazily wasted the day away drinking .
Girls dive into a pool .
A man is inside a Target .
people running .
The people are going outside .
A girl playing in the sand .
The dog is indoors
The man is running for his life .
Nobody is trying to fish .
Group of men knitting gloves .
A girl in black jumping from the ledge of a balcony , ignoring the group of chefs yelling out to her .
The people are on the bus going to the museum
The people are inside a concert hall .
The two men are running around the corral , trying to catch the horses .
A dog chasing a squirrel in a dry desert .
A man bit a dog .
Santa eats milk and cookies in my living room .
A girl is handed a baton by a man in a race .
A dog and a pig play in some mud .
These people are wearing pants and shirts .
The child is forty years old .
The peace corp workers are sitting in a hostel .
A group of people are gathered to cook chicken on the grill .
A small dark-haired boy is climbing over a car seat .
A group of men playfully splash water at each other .
Two men are looking up at the sky .
Men are dancing in the street .
A shirtless woman is carrying bags .
People are walking away from the voting booths .
A cat running after a mouse .
The man is on a ship .
A woman jogs by herself on the beach .
A man is swimming in the lake .
Nobody has a wrench
The person is swimming in the ocean
A man plays tennis .
A man having dinner alone .
A boy in solitude
an eagle sits in a tree
Players sitting at the locker room .
Kids playing at the beach .
The man is drinking orange juice .
A man is drinking soda at a soda fountain .
Some kids are napping .
Two men sit peacefully on a park bench .
She is in the water .
The car is going fast .
A child stares at a fish tank as guppies and goldfish swim by .
The men are shopping at the market .
The dogs are laying on a blanket .
A person takes a selfie .
Two children chicken fight on the monkeybars .
A boy is riding a bicycle on the sidewalk .
A man is standing on his head under water .
Several women are painting eggs on Easter .
a bird is flying through a tunnel
A woman by herself .
The boy has no clothes on .
A girl is sitting by the campfire .
The weather is hot
She is naked .
The performers are singing solo .
Everybody here works as a professional artist .
A biker climbs a tree in a shirt .
The girls are running a race .
Hundreds of squirrels working together to imitate human photographers tap dance for a woman they believe is actually a pile of acorns wearing a wig .
A skinny man in a tank top watches TV inside .
The man is in the hat is driving past a busy sidewalk .
A man walks to a park .
The crossdresser is giving a speech on equality .
the dog is sleeping on the ground
A bike rider is splashing around
The man is praying inside the church confessional .
A birdie retrieves its uniform from a person
A woman is eating a meal .
A nurse is cooking dinner .
A lady in a white uniform is sitting on a bench outside a hospital , taking a break from work .
The boy has nothing around his neck .
three adults take photos in London at a pub .
the dog is eating a banana
Two people on rocky terrain waving at each other with both arms .
No animals .
Two men are dressed in bikini 's .
Three girls try to buy candy in a grocery store .
The comedian is telling jokes .
A man is sitting on a park bench .
A man is washing his hair .
A dog is fetching a stick
Girl wearing a hat crying .
The shirt is blue
The pets are waiting in the kitchen for a treat .
There is a lady in her bikini swimming .
A person is playing football .
The young man is doing yoga .
A woman is playing basketball at the park .
The man misses the volleyball .
The men kick the soccer ball back and forth on the soccer field .
A man and his daughter are dancing at the festival .
Staying at the amusment park until the cops show up .
The girl is driving the car as she washes it .
An old man washing a lime-green car .
A girl and her mother walk to the car .
a man is laying at the beach
A person renting a vehicle .
The cat is eating pizza
A man is roller skating on a street .
A man is making sushi .
A crowd of people are riding a train
A man holds sparklers in the dark .
Children sleeping at night .
Nobody has a vest
Football players are playing chess .
Two men are sitting in front of a fire
the man is black
the man is at home sleeping
Skier walking up the hill to the water slide .
The woman looked at the food plate and frowned .
A man drinks orange koolaid .
It is a beautiful blue , cloudless day at the dock .
The bridesmaid 's hands are empty .
The lady is wearing a blue shirt .
A dog is sleeping on a blanket .
A boy delivering newspapers .
A father beats his kid .
The solder is sipping tea inside .
Foreigners assembled at a clothing store .
Women play sports in the field
The dog is sitting patiently .
A woman wearing lime green pants and shirt working on a sign .
A boy reads a comic .
A lady is having surgery .
The women are holding up shotguns to protect them from the sun .
An adult dives into a pool .
Two female basketball teams are sitting at a restaurant after a game .
People are using the bus to get to work .
Nobody is pushing anything
A woman runs though a field .
A woman is sitting on a bed , taking her socks off
The race has just started .
A man is eating alone at home .
The girl is wearing green and purple .
A gentleman in a striped shirt not gesturing
Several fireman are playing cards indoors .
A man is sitting on a bench .
A man and a woman are out walking their pigs .
The city workers are sitting under a tree , taking a break .
A man is sitting on a beach .
A person is playing a guitar .
2pac is singing at home
a boy on his bike
A large group of adults and children stand on a cobblestone street .
The people driving the van were tailgating at the stadium .
a woman is napping on her ride home .
a woman is reading a book on her ride home .
Four boys look at objects under a microscope .
The women are eating bread .
They are playing ring around the rosy .
A man talks on his walky talky .
A man is in a taxi .
The man was wearing a red robe .
The people are playing basketball .
A woman having a cavity removed .
Young woman stomps on her sunglasses .
two women paint in a field
Men are watching soap operas .
There are two boys painting pictures on their garage .
Two boys lay dead on the sidewalk .
The firefighter is sleeping inside the firetruck .
Two dogs play around with a yellow tennis ball .
The woman is sewing
The has two legs .
The child weights 2000 lbs .
A single person strolling on a hot summer day
Two guys are playing golf .
A woman at the beach is eating ice cream .
Nobody has a scarf .
The kids are home
A grown man sits and weeps .
A gray dog is running down the street .
a dog barks
Two soccer players are sliding .
A lone child makes a snow angel in the snow
The children are sitting in a field .
A man is herding sheep .
A woman squints at the sun and wishes she had her sunglasses .
A husband and wife enjoy their wedding in a church .
The man is taking a photograph at the art gallery .
There are no crowds walking around .
Three children are crying .
People sit and wait for their orders at a nice sit down restaurant .
The woman is having lunch with another woman .
A puppy is laying on the couch .
The child is fast asleep .
the police are sleep .
A man is ordering a coffee from a barista at a cafe .
He does a sick bicycle trick off the ramp
A man is riding a bicycle in the park .
The girl is moving at the speed of light .
A young girl knits a sweater
