The sisters are hugging goodbye while holding to go packages after just eating lunch .
Two kids at a ballgame wash their hands .
A man selling donuts to a customer during a world exhibition event while people wait in line behind him .
boys scoring a touchdown
A man is repainting a garage
A child is reaching to touch the propeller out of curiosity .
Men are riding bicycles on the street .
boy leaving baseball game
A man is looking to order a grilled cheese sandwich .
A tall person in a suit
Women are celebrating at a bar .
A crowd is dancing
A crowd is in front of a camera
Two doctors are performing surgery on a man .
A white chihuahua mix with long curly hair is jumping to catch a red and green toy bone .
Kids ride their favorite amusement ride .
A man plays on a golf course to relax .
a blond man laughs while doing laundry
An Indian woman is doing laundry for her son in the lake .
They both fall to the ground .
Onlookers are impressed by the trick .
These two women are friends .
A taxi SUV races to pick up some clients while a man walks peacefully in the other direction .
A tall person in a shirt
A man is taking photos while on tour in nyc
He is Polish .
It is very sunny outside .
A lady is participating in a talent show .
Boy dressed in blue carrying toy to a toybox .
The woman is writing a grocery list .
A girl is gaining momentum to flip off the swing
woman drinks a beer
A tall person sitting
The man is trying to pick out what cereal to choose .
The man is reading tips on how to be a better boy friend .
She is weaving an american flag
the children are outside .
The dogs are out to catch fish .
There are hot air balloons on the ground and air .
Men are standing by a docked boat .
People are performing as a band for a crowd .
People are playing music .
A bird chasing an insect .
The boy is outside and running from cops .
The young boy is completing a heist .
The bank has just been robbed .
An old middle eastern man is selling corn-on-the-cob from his brother 's cart .
A group of people walking past a group of civilian spectators .
A woman is walking her dog .
The boys are all wearing yellow .
The boy is crouching down to take a picture .
Five friends sit at a table .
The man is performing a magic act .
The boy is playing make believe .
The man in black and red is about to score the winning run .
A man and women are staring at heads of lettuce .
The men are covered in tomatoes .
People happily standing in line
The couple discuss their financial future in the park .
Two people in line to buy icecream .
A person is betting that he will win the race .
The girl is spelling out her favorite words with colored letters .
The two men are cooking food for the block party .
A man and a camel wonder in the desert .
The man is getting ready to speak .
A man and his friend are running a marathon together .
People are looking through the shops for stuff to buy .
the boy is five
A lifeguard races across the water .
The man is enjoying the ocean .
Children are swimming at the beach .
The people sit together .
The people wait for the bus to come .
The person bathing the small baby is the mother .
A woman is selling stuff in a flea market .
An old man searches for a good place to die .
A middle aged man is showing off his origami creation .
A nun using her camera to take pictures of various things outdoors .
A nun taking photos of a interesting site outside .
The man was selling the artwork
Mother catching her son in a pool .
the guy is paid
A man is giving a presentation in front of a large crowd .
A man giving a speech
The college dean giving the graduation speech
A little girl is playing jump rope .
The four guys are in the army .
The man has experience in taking photos .
a younger boy looks at his father
A boy rolls around an inflatable ride .
The man is waiting for his car to be serviced .
The two officers have gotten a call about a fight .
A man stands on one foot with his wife near the beach .
A man in a band is playing the drums .
The suits are gray .
They will both get onto the same train together .
A man is smiling at his wife .
The goalie is running out to catch the ball before it passes him into the goal .
The kids are drawing pictures of animals .
The woman is in a band .
The elephants are part of a jungle tour .
A sick turtle is swimming by a diver .
There is a man with a gray beard skateboarding .
A young boy and his friend admire the vintage aircraft .
Indian people having a ritual for a birthday celebration
Sisters squeal in delight as the go down the slide .
The person is cooking a hamburger .
The woman 's son drew some of the graffiti .
The two men are electronics enthusiasts .
The men are experts when it comes to electronics .
A young girl faces the camera while holding a lunch bag .
A boy in overalls is playing with bubbles outside .
The children played on the floor with their new christmas toys .
The men in the science lab are performing a science experiment on fruit flies .
the animal is a puppy
The ocean is calm
The boys are surfing
A group of people holding various positions for a period of time .
Half of the yoga group are female .
The four girls are dancing along to the song playing on the loud speaker .
Some kids in a classroom play a game with a trashcan .
The door is open .
A guy inside .
A man is playing with the brass pots
A Black man is passed out on a park bench from drinking .
A woman is hanging her laundry in the sun .
The dog is brown .
The boy is wearing a green shirt
The boy is getting dirty as he plays in the muddy puddles .
Four males are sitting indoors because it 's raining .
the crew was celebrating a birthday
A woman is wearing a Halloween costume .
Two kids are looking for something to purchase for mothers day .
People dressed up in costumes preparing to rob a house .
The person is wearing blue jeans .
The mother , daughter , and granddaughter are out in the middle of the day .
The people are going to a concert .
A man and his pianist are performing their final tribute to Zelda .
He does n't want hair to land on his neck .
The man was walking to meet a friend .
An ocean is behind a couple about to fly red kites
The dogs are trying to get the cows inside a barn .
They are admiring the beautiful flowers in the garden .
the person is in the water playing .
She is in a chair .
The dog is with its owner .
The man is enjoying a vacation at a beach resort and decides to take a swim in the ocean .
A woman in colorful boots is jumping over a large puddle in the street .
The goalie is one of the best , and it is hard for the men on the other team to score .
A puppy jumps up to catch a ball .
The man and girl are doing some home maintenance .
The girls are classmates .
The person is on the ground .
she is getting ready for a night out .
A baby is playing in the mud .
A man and woman pose for engagement photos .
A group of cowboys are sitting on horses .
The women are wearing flip flops .
A man is on job in the lab
They are in Japan .
The man is a Celtics fan .
a man is getting ready for work
The man is training the dog .
Maids get ready to clean the house .
Upstanding citizens work at a soup kitchen to benefit the hungry .
The house is by the beach .
The woman is walking on a sidewalk .
A street performer is playing the violin , hoping for donations .
These two are a married couple .
Two kids enjoy their day at the beach .
People watching hot air balloons inflating to prepare for a trip .
The girl is related to the woman .
A brown dog is licking his nose .
A man and woman are dancing together in the rain .
The dog has his favorite toy next to him as he lay down .
The girl is going to eat the gingerbread house after she finishes it .
A dog is drinking from a stream .
A car has crashed into a power pole .
The power workers are trying to restore power .
The girl is wearing jeans .
Two girls with straight long brown hair sit on the floor
A group of children receiving a gift .
The man and woman sitting under the blue sky are having a good time .
One lady is teaching another lady how to do a downward dog pose .
The people are watching a soccer game .
A guy is headed home after a visit to the doctor 's office .
The man works for the campy supply company `` Camden '' .
Two officers see something suspect .
The boy is playing with his friends .
A person leaving a tent with his friends
The man is in a competition for bullriding .
Two kids are boating in the Indian Ocean .
The two basketball players are talking about an upcoming strategy .
The man and woman are a couple .
father is eating with his son on a city sidewalk
a girl lays next to dominos on monday
A father holds his two sleeping children .
people posting pics on facebook
The woman is exercising .
The woman is in great shape .
A blond woman shows her profile in front of a white luxury car for instagram .
A rock band is performing in an electronics store .
Woman using her personal computer .
Woman playing World of Warcraft on her computer .
Woman learning to use her personal computer .
Young lady busy with her work in office
Lady working in her desk tensely to completed the task
the workers are men
The girl is five years old .
A young man competes in the Olympics in the pole vaulting competition .
friends sit at a bar
The woman has a mullet .
A police officer stands in front of a crowd that formed after the local team won the championship .
While listening to classical music through her headphones the girl work on her computer
A boy goes surfing for the first time .
A man is being taken into the hospital
A tall person standing
the children are taking model pictures
The man is dirty .
There is a human selling hot dogs .
The women are on a stage .
A couple is walking their dog to the market .
Kids are competing at a swim meet .
The corn came straight from the field by truck
The two people are competing in a marathon .
The man likes to eat fish .
The quarterback quickly trows the ball before he is tackled .
A cyclist is leading the race .
A young man is running to grab a tennis ball .
A man is reading documents in a binder .
People are standing in three feet of snow .
Some kids are playing outside on a playground while their mother is sitting down .
A group of children are playing while their teacher watches them .
A dog jumping over a wall to chase a cat
A dog jumping over a wall
She is the boy 's aunt .
A woman crosses a high-wire in a state of complete terror .
The flowers are all red
The woman is skipping rocks .
The man is singing on the street corner for money .
A boy is rolling a ball in a hotel hallway .
A young blond girl is in the lead for a cross country bicycle race .
The little boy is doing a dance in the puddle .
Girl is preparing for next semester .
A boy turns his head away as a girl tries to kiss him .
A man is in an art museum .
A boy and girl are kissing .
Some people are sitting on stone steps talking .
A woman riding around the park on a sunny day
The woman is looking out the window .
Two people participate in a wine tasting .
Two men are wrestling at a meet .
A man wearing a helmet is cycling .
A man is cycling at a velodrome .
A woman is holding a poster , rooting for her favorite team .
A boy is talking to his mom as he rides the camel .
A man is receiving a contract .
Two dogs chase each other in the high grass .
One man laughs at a funny joke his friend told .
Two men are training in jeet kun do on the gym floor .
A man is seraching for something
The fish is very large .
The female stadium worker jumps for joy as she leaves her long tiring shift .
A man does his first anvil work .
a woman enjoys red wine
A soldier hands a woman a picture of himself at Disney World .
A little boy is playing guitar on stage .
People gather for a conference .
The man has kicked the soccer ball towards the goal .
A man and his daughter watch dogs play outdoors
The woman is walking to buy new clothes .
There is an older man doing work on the railroad tracks .
A puppy stands in a sand drift near American dune grass .
Some people are illegally picketing in front of a building .
The men are all friends
A group of friends is trying to decide if they want to eat pizza .
A girl climbing a rock face beside a dirt trail outside .
A girl climbing a rock face outside .
Spectators watching a group of dancers perform .
The woman running down the street is hispanic .
The man is playing a Christmas concert .
A bicyclist rides past an intricately designed church on a pretty day
A bicyclist rides past an abandoned warehouse on a rainy day
A person in red and black near a brick wall .
A newly wed couple sit on the couch
The people are together
A 40 lb brown dog jumps excitedly for a treat .
Two men talking business over dinner .
The model is posing for a bicycle advertisement .
He is hoping for tips .
A couple walks toward the bikes they will use to get to their picnic .
A male stripper performs for a bachelorette party .
Two short haired dogs of different colors drinking by a lake .
The guy is taking a break from the skateboarding competition .
A child plans out his future train empire .
The children rugby team are playing again after a short rain delay .
The man and woman are married .
The man and woman jumped 20 ft into the air .
The women are friends .
A group of young baseball players having a championship game .
A man does stunts on a motorcycle .
A man pops a wheely on a track for onlookers .
A man is racing on his bike .
two older men prepare to enter a store
Women practicing playing on artificial turf for a game .
a goalie is trying to catch the game tying ball .
A woman is outside on a cloudy day .
A man is enjoying playing music for money .
A man is playing an acoustic guitar on the sidewalk while a woman and a man walk down the sidewalk .
Evil Kneavel shows off for the crowd .
The women is drinking water .
The children are playing tag .
The young man is resting .
Two teams are waiting to see who will win the game .
He is on his way to a massage and is running late
Girls ride ATV 's without their helmets .
A couple at a club are laughing at a stand-up comedian dressed like a lumberjack .
A funny person looking
A bride and her father are walking down a church aisle .
A kid straddles a bench
A kid straddles a bench while his brother plays in a doorway
A couple and a guide are whitewater rafting .
Two children are playing with water in the yard
some dogs are playing in a ground
The guy in the suit smoking the cig is on his lunch break .
The man cleaning the auditorium is white .
Two people are racing on foot .
a man and woman go hiking
A woman is giving a presentation at work .
A surfer is riding a tsunami wave .
A woman looking outside .
Two people looking at New York .
Two people are enjoying themselves .
The man is sleeping next to his dog .
The girls make paper cranes
The camera is on a tripod .
A man is outside with a woman .
The ballerina is the children 's dance instructor .
Cult members queue up behind their leader .
Two children practicing for a ball game in the park .
The people are camping in the woods .
The girl is walking the edges on a sunny day .
An old man plays his violin for tips on the sidewalk .
The grafitti is a picture of a mouse .
An elderly man is blocking traffic .
A guy is singing a classic rock song on stage along with the audience .
A hot-air balloon is being prepared for take off .
He is fishing .
There is a black man fishing .
A man and woman walking down a busy street .
A statue is outdoors in a park .
The baby 's older sibling is very mischevious .
Three adults are standing and thinking about space .
A couple of guys in the playground are talking with the woman about kids .
A man does Japanese calligraphy .
Two friends are trying out for the ice hockey team .
A group of people are waiting to enter the club .
An older man is throwing a stick for his dog .
The girl in the harness is being rescued from a buring building .
A dog with his two favorite toys .
The people are walking in a parade .
A man is sitting in a chair pondering life .
A woman is planting tulips .
girls are watching boys
The women are friends .
The motorcross rider is performing in front of an audience .
There is a person standing outside
The man is using a condom as a mask .
A woman is holding one young children with another standing happily next to her
Girls are playing outside .
Girls are at school .
A group is at the county fair .
The couple are together
It is their dog .
The man has walking shoes on .
a young man is good at games
A man sleeping with a red shirt over his eyes .
A woman sings on stage .
The band 's singer rehearses .
A mom and son enjoying a sunny day
There is a soccer game with 12 male players .
A boy is playing in the snow without gloves
Two children are about to fall out of the ropes .
People are getting free money from a broken ATM .
They are holding a notepad .
There are families playing in a fountain at the park
a guy with a skateboard making a jump for the first time
A mother watches her daughter blow soap bubbles .
There is a couple .
The man is passing by on his way to the store .
The two girls are less than 5 years old
A boy just got a scooter for his birthday !
A man helps a woman cross the street .
Some men are fixing an old lady 's house .
Everyone in the photo are related .
A dog jumping into the air to catch a Frisbee outdoors .
The player was making too many mistakes .
A young man is preparing a seafood lunch .
A group of women with flowers at a wedding .
A girl is practicing her tennis skills .
The customers are impressed by the hard work of the waitress .
A husband and wife play video games together on a couch .
2 Renaissance fair performers about to tandem juggle
The woman monitors this action closely .
They are cooking a big meal for dinner .
A man is steering a large yacht down the lake .
They are walking rapidly away from a crane , which looks like it might tip over .
Father and son get firewood for the winter .
Men cut down a tree in Central Park for their own use .
An old man in a hard hat and orange safety vest works on a yellow maching in smokey air .
Little one scores game winning home run .
A man just smuggle a herd of camels .
A man is carrying water with his herd of camels .
Children in the open .
Children in a line looking a a building .
Three men are gathered for their weekly meeting .
A small girl dances in the nutcracker .
watched by a group
A man is drunk at a concert .
A guy walks by a bus on his way to work .
One male passenger is wearing a seatbelt .
A dune buggy with one male passenger is racing .
Someone is selling oranges
A dog plays with a soccer ball .
three guys going to a wedding
The boy and girl are holding hands in the hallway .
The woman is being photographed modeling .
Cops film where they found the body
The clothes on the comforter are covering a big red stain .
Three men are wading in the water by the fountains .
the baby is a girl
A girls is at her sister 's wedding and holding orange flowers .
The wrestler body slams his opponent in order to win the state championship .
The water is clear blue .
A person works on some concrete
The worker is fixing the concrete structure by welding it back together after the accident
A welder is attaching two pieces of metal to each other
The wave is huge .
Two humans are walking toward their house .
A woman rides her motorcycle to the market .
The boy is weaving a rug in the barn .
A youngster is playing in the woods .
A boy is climbing a tree in his backyard .
There is a redhaired child smiling for a picture .
they are girls there too
A man reads a text message on his phone .
A man stands around as he looks at his phone .
The dog is playing tug of war .
The white dog is trained to pull the rope .
Two toddlers play on pile of leaves bigger than they are .
A male is not sitting outside programming his computer .
Two men are practicing their street routine .
The dirt bike rider is running from someone .
A girl is taking a picture .
the room is large
The girl likes goats .
Customers are looking at the door of the cafe .
The doorway to the cafe is littered with trash and debris .
People walking to dinner in the city .
A woman is singing a Britney Spears song with her brother
The people are celebrating a birthday .
A woman is playing a country song on her guitar while her husband in the distance listens .
A person doing tricks on a bike to impress their friends .
a person climbing a sign to spray paint it
They are playing a game .
The person seeks shelter from the rain .
The boat is a fishing boat .
The man is a serial killer
The men are professional performers .
A blonde woman sits with her legs crossed .
THe friends play pool
A man makes his first sand painting .
There is a crowd watching the football players win
The man is indoors .
A couple practice their jazz dance routine in the alleyway .
A biker goes on to the last lap of the trail
The monks are looking for new recruits .
A man enjoys the outdoors on a rainy day .
A man participcating in race .
The girl wants what the mannequin is wearing .
A man wrapped in a blanket is shivering outside .
Some men are playing a game outside .
The quarterback throws the football to the wide receiver .
A man wears a green mask .
The band 's lead singer performs .
The woman in black is walking home from a funeral in the rain with her red umbrella .
A dog is fetching a bone .
A couple is holding hands .
People in white are doing a magic show in the street .
The jacket is brown
Three men discuss politics in a crowd
Two men wearing tags displaying their race numbers
A man has some bananas .
Kids are making mud in a pistal .
Ten young men perform an interpretive dance at the beach .
The older men are talking about their wives .
an older man is sitting in a lawn chair
Three women dance in front of protesters
A woman narrowly avoids hitting some pedestrians
The crowd of people are heading to a sporting event .
People are going to a family wedding .
The woman is a makeup artist .
The man is taking an order on the phone .
The man that gets kicked shrieks in pain .
A man is looking for a place to live .
A person is walking outside .
A man is reading outdoors in a big city .
A man in a beige trench coat walks quickly in the rain with his dog .
A brother and his sister are walking .
The student is a chemistry major .
Two people are walking together to the park .
The girl is lighting a fire to roast marshmallows .
Two men are hiking on a sunny day .
A woman washes dishes in the river while camping .
A couple is out on a date
A man is beating his friend in a snowboarding race .
A human being is snowboarding and doing tricks .
Cowboys are competing at the rodeo .
A bunch of people are walking in a mall .
A bunch of people are walking in a field .
Four women are riding an ATV on a mountain .
The six is green
The young man standing on the dirt bike is performing a stunt .
A man walks his children home from school .
The girl has a ponytail .
A man walks through the football stadium draped in a Canadian flag .
The man is serenading a couple at a restaurant .
A woman is getting ready to enjoy a 5 course meal .
The temperature is below zero .
A man is trying to win a game
Little girl is having a birthday party .
The couple is biking through Central Park .
Bob walked into the store .
Bob was shopping .
The people are tailgaiting .
They were glad to watch .
She made a great dive .
A man exercises outdoors .
A man hides his bald spot under a hat .
A woman wearing a blue jacket and black pants is drinking tea .
People are using shovels and trowels to dig a hole .
The man lost the game
The four young people hate their teacher
Two men are competing for the last spot on the basketball team .
The hiker heard a noise .
A middle-aged woman is trying to make younger people laugh by pretending to be a DJ .
A child is with their mother .
A women exercising at the beach .
a women is helping a kid make a sand castle
The elderly black driver opens the bus doors .
An old man playing an instrument for a bunch of boyscouts at an outdoor concert .
The man is doing magic tricks .
A kid jumps a bike over a dirt ramp .
A man is enjoying his trip .
Two race car drivers are waiting for the award ceremony to end
A man is is enjoying painting .
The pair have motorcycled down Rt. 1 in CA and are enjoying a quick meal before heading back up the road .
Two brothers fishing together for the first time in decades .
A soldier has just saved a little girl and her toy .
A young child playing alone .
A young child playing outdoors .
A man is in competing in a bicycle trick competition .
A group of workers walk to their downtown jobs .
A child washes his hands in the kitchen before having dinner .
The man is hiking up the side of the mountain to save his friend who got stuck at the top .
The girl is bored .
A girl is using a tractor to get a better view .
A race car is turning a corner on a dirt track .
A women in in a room that has food .
A woman holding a plate is waiting in line for the food table .
A father is holding his baby at church .
A dog is trying to get a ball back for his master .
A man begins to get nervous while waiting for his date to arrive .
A girl is running towards the camera kicking a soccer ball away from other kids .
A famous singer is autographing a fan 's guitar .
A young man wearing blue clothes pushes a lawn mower through a field .
The blue jacket is a life jacket .
The kids all have food on their plates .
The woman is wearing high heels .
A group of muslims standing outside
The little girl is excited .
The toy is wooden
The person is making a hole .
A girl is racing with her horse with her brother .
A person is riding a show horse for a competition .
People waiting for a picture to be taken .
The man and woman are dating .
A player is winning a baseball game .
Someone wrecked their car a long time ago .
A dog carries a snowball to give it to his owner .
The dog is catching a Frisbee .
A dog and owner are playing Frisbee outside .
a man gets an important text while jogging
The young man has an Apple mobile device .
There is a mother with her daughters .
home depot is making everybody wait for no reason
A restaurant gets slammed for dinner and has two waiters working that day .
A restaurant prepares for a busy day .
People on vacation at the beach .
A boy is hula hooping and having fun on a nice day .
Women play volleyball in the olympics .
A man is sweeping in the street to get ready for the parade .
It is Halloween in the photo .
The woman is wearing all denim .
Her dress is dark blue .
The woman is at a restuarant
Two brothers making a snowman .
A man is singing his girlfriend 's favorite song as she watches .
The man is old
The man is young
A child is playing .
A child is jumping off the step and into a puddle .
The dog is playing fetch .
A man is in a motorbike race against others .
The woman is wearing a beret .
Old man finds the perfect spot to take a nap .
A dog holds a life jacket in its mouth in the water
A funny human kicking .
Four men are racing down a mountain on skis while wearing colorful red vests .
A women and a man are talking to each other on a boat .
The couple looks on as their bike gets stolen .
A sad girl in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled , with a little boy behind her .
An artist is showing off his creations .
A person is performing tricks in front of a crowd .
A man holding a Camel cigarette .
A boy cooking on a grill for a family gathering .
Two soldiers order an elderly warlord to surrender .
A lady is feeding a group of pigeons .
A woman winds yarn to help pay her rent
Two men are fixing their wives a romantic dinner for Valentine 's Day .
a smelly man plays guitar
People are enjoying a rock concert .
A emergency staff tends to a situation .
Fire fighters are battling a fire safely behind a cement wall .
A man is playing basketball in the park .
The two teams are playing in the super bowl .
A man just finished cutting down a tree .
Three botanists are collecting things for research .
A basketball player is destroying the ball .
There are people surfing in a competition .
A man is doing work on a black Amtrack train .
A man is teaching in a room .
The men are playing hide and go seek .
The trail is wide .
A boy is sitting in the sand .
A young woman and young boy are posing for a photo with their skateboard and bike .
Several dogs are chasing frisbees in a grassy field .
The men are homeless .
The man knows how to make animals out of balloons .
The man was a clown for many years .
Two men listen to Nine Inch Nails through headphones .
A woman is smiling at her child .
a woman is on her way to work
The woman has been shopping earlier that day .
The sunglasses are being worn because the woman thinks they look good , or that they protect her from the sun .
A man stands on Mt. Washington .
the man is at a party .
The goalie is sitting in the highest bench of the stadium .
The goalie will try to stop any balls that the other team may try to score on his team .
Two men are fishing for tuna .
A man is getting ready to climb up a ladder .
The book is old .
The little boy is the man 's son .
indain woman playing very well in musical chairs
A woman wearing a hat is selling goods to feed her family .
The boys have chocolate sprinkles on their ice cream .
A bike is going fast .
A bike is racing a cheetah .
Children celebrate color .
People are participating in a tribal dance demostration .
A woman kisses her fiance .
One girl is showing another her Barbie collection
A child in winter gear is hiding from his friends in a cave made of snow .
Two young children are going to the park .
two people slash violently at each other
People are having an anti-abortion rally on a two lane road .
Two guys both wearing long sleeve white shirts flirt with each other .
A man is on the back of his friend in the swimming pool .
Women are trying to show off for their spouses .
two women are about to dive into the ocean
A person is on vacation .
A man saves money by hitching a ride on a garbage truck .
A man catches a lift on a garbage truck .
A group of people are eating mud soup .
A group of people sat around eating dinner .
Man lays is exhausted after running 3 miles .
The man is holding the woman around her waist .
a golfer teeing off at the masters
The motorcycle rider is male .
The child is playing with a jack-in-the-box in the park .
The young woman is taking a break in the grass from walking the dogs
A man is following a woman in a red shirt to her car .
The football game is the first of the season .
a couple pose together
The person is in a surfing competition .
A man looks from behind an Indian buffet .
The dog is playing fetch .
The man waited for the bus relaxed on the bench .
Asian people getting married by the beach .
this guy is on the excavator for his job
the people are coworkers
a child wishes he had milk
People picking apples .
A volleyball player spikes a ball on the beach .
The man is cooking all wheat pancakes .
The child and dog are hoping for some ice cream later .
The game is Final Fantasy
The teen is happy
The man is a professional fisherman .
Two puppies run around inside a fence .
The man cooking has oven mits on .
A woman is watching a plane fly overhead .
The dog is fast
People cheer on the bikers .
Two bikers compete in a marathon for a charity .
the baby is tired
The girl has a black hat on .
The girl just got the hat for her birthday .
A person is leering at another .
A person is staring at a girl he think he recognizes .
The woman is changing the sheets on her bed .
The girl is at a water park .
The old man is a monk .
People are shopping for groceries .
A married couple is waiting for a train .
They are diving for coins on the bottom of the pool
Two women read a sign for directions
Women in Japan take shelter from the rain
Two women stand in the rain
A woman having lunch after spending the day shopping .
There is only a single color displayed instead of an image .
A man works on a computer while two people sit and chat about business .
The two people sat and chatted for a bit while the IT guy removed the virus .
A boy is sledding on his red sleigh
two men waiting to play soccer in May
A woman is encouraging two cats to interact with one another .
A young woman dressed as a princess is waving to the crowd in the Macy 's parade .
A young woman is happily holding a newborn .
Three young men watching a tennis match on a screen outdoors , because their brother is playing .
a lot of kids are dlying kites on easter .
The roof is high in the air .
The man is a race car driver .
The man in the outfit is a repairman .
the girl rode the horse on the ride
The man is trying his best not to drop the bottle of wine .
The man is hiding his face with the box on his head .
This person is early for the boating race .
People like to go boating .
Two actors dress to play a part in a neighborhood theater play .
The blonde woman is playing golf .
Five people in the rain on a path
people are dressed for halloween
The man is delivering the box to the old lady in the parking lot .
The man is carrying the box to his car .
Two brown dogs shake themselves dry at the beach .
The skier is winning a competition .
A boy considers college .
A cop is standing on a train on his way to work . .
A cop is handcuffing someone .
A snowboarder jumps through the air and does tricks .
A mean dog is wearing a muzzle to keep it from attacking cats .
The woman is performing for an audience .
The building he is on is colored blue .
A construction worker drives the nail into the kitchen wall .
The drummer is playing his set for an audience at an event .
A man is wearing a a heavy snow coat .
a man is outside snowboarding down a hill .
A man is walking to a job interview .
One man is dressed up for a night out while the other is not .
A woman preparing vegetables for stir-fry .
The two people looking at motorcycles are planning to buy one .
Students watch their school 's mascot .
The vendor is selling hot dogs .
The woman is texting her boyfriend .
The crowd is astonished .
The man is showing off .
The girl is racing her sister .
A professional soccer player holds the soccer ball .
The man is reading for children .
Volleyball players in red are beating the other team .
A woman with athletic ability is targeting carrots with blades .
A woman participating in a spear throwing contest .
A man is looking at the graffiti .
The people lining the street are family members .
The women came back from a shopping mall .
Some women go shopping , while men stay at home .
A guy is on a boat by the shore fishing .
He is sleeping on the boat .
A guy is on a boat by the shore .
A fisherman heading home for the night .
The soccer players are being told what they did wrong .
A sedan is parked near a school .
A boy is hanging onto a purple clothing rack .
A toddler is enjoying the sunny weather .
The men are on different teams .
The man is the goalie .
A man in a black coat is covered in powdered sugar .
A woman sits and relaxes .
A car is driving across the bridge on it 's way to work .
The man is jumping off a cliff .
A person is dancing .
A man on a lake is learning how to waterboard slowly .
Sisters talk to each other in the middle of the lot
A graffiti artist made an urban tag sign for a local warehouse .
Letters on a building .
Men are fixing the pipes .
A man is talking to his wife on his cellphone .
A baby girl in a bib makes a funny face at her mom 's camera .
The child is at a picnic
Two people in a park walking
A girl loves to get made up .
A man is climbing .
A man on a bicycle struggles as the comes to the end of a race .
The man is riding in a bike race .
The person is wearing black .
The Stanley Cup from 2013 .
the players are playing for the championship
A baby is crying for it 's mother .
The children are going home .
A man is waiting for the boss on the street corner .
Two guys are exhausted after making love .
the lady in the orange shirt is eating her lunch
Two dogs are playing outdoors
An audience making noise at a Weezer concert .
A woman selling roses , a police officer , two men shopping in a wholesale store .
A funny person in a shirt
A person in a shirt
They are making smores
The boy does n't like playing basketball
An arms dealer selling his wares outside of police station by cleverly disguising the assault rifles as ordinary bananas .
A fruit vendor selling his wares on a sunny day .
A tall person with pants
The man is making the crowd laugh .
There are people outdoors doing a canoe competition
A skateboarder shows off a trick during a skate competition .
The bride and groom are posing for a cute photograph .
Some runners are competing in the Olympics .
A man is selecting cereal in a grocery store .
A man is wondering what cereal to buy his children .
a dog runs after ball thrown by owner .
A man leaps as he takes a shot with the basketball .
The two asian men are building a wooden table .
A father holds his daughter 's hand
A jockey races his horse
jockey wearing a blue jacket is riding a dark brown horse in a gallop racing in front of his competitors .
the man was trying to pull the bull back into the pin
The man is black .
there was a riot
The skeleton is scary .
The man is looking for someone .
A man with a bucket is catching fish in the water .
The young woman smiles after hearing some good news .
People are gathered by pine trees .
The boy is at a country club with his parents .
a football coach walks on the field before the game starts
this lady has roses while she is waiting for her husband
Some Amish people are fixing their carriage while other people walk or stand nearby .
A young woman with a giant rack is carrying a bag around a shopping mall .
The boy is taking a bath .
Men stand in line at a water fountain in front of a brick building .
The young boy is in the bathroom .
An adult is taking some kids to school .
The face is happy .
The man is outside taking a break from painting the house .
The man is at the rodeo watching bull riding .
A guy with a brown shirt and glasses is telling his friend in the glasses and gray shirt a story .
Family and dog return from outing in a carriage while it is raining .
A badminton player is taking a nap .
A badminton player has been injured .
A woman making lemonade .
The man committed a crime .
one child is on a marry go round
The two men are freinds
A girl gets wet from a splash of water by her brother .
A young man is making a fence .
The worker is tired .
A nun is taking a selfie .
A father is giving his daughter advice
A boy looks away from the camera with a sad face while a girl who has just been swimming looks into the camera with no expression .
They are at a park .
A female and a male are talking to each other about celebrities .
Two men board the train to go to work .
The woman is relaxed .
One man is scoring a goal in an ice hockey game .
The toddler is playing with a plastic container that had their family 's Christmas decorations in it .
Two men are following the actions of a dog , one stands next to the dog .
A man unloading a boat .
The girl has a red shirt on .
The man is attending a concert .
The guy is a pro waterskiier .
The girl is an employee of the circus .
Two men were waiting for someone to arrive .
A girl has a green toothbrush .
a fireman on a ladder is trying to find survivors
Sad man in red shirt about to have a barbecue
Two humans are outside .
A father carries his child , holding an umbrella to keep the rain away .
The boy does n't like his costume .
Two men and a woman finishing a fish dinner and drinks .
A lady carrying her nephew
Two jewish models pose for the camera on the sidewalk .
A tall person in a jacket
Someone is painting a house .
A man is looking for his girlfriend in a club .
The women are at a bar .
The women are celebrating .
A cowboy clown is is talking into a microphone at a rodeo .
The convertible splashed through a puddle of water that soaked the other group of people .
The people are test driving a car .
Friends are having a picnic at the park .
A grandmother reads to her grandchild while his grandfather watches .
A lady reads to a group of children .
A funny person doing a trick
A tall person doing a trick
the man is drunk
The girl is wearing all black .
The man is a gymnast .
The girls are waiting for their friend .
The children are at a class to learn how to play polo .
Various older people shop at a street clothing sale .
A group of people is staring at a painting .
A well dressed man about to buy an abstract fence painting .
The man is in a kitchen .
The man is preparing lunch .
The man is cooking steaks for his family 's dinner .
Some boys are practicing for a soccer game .
a dog running in the snow to chase a ball
A man is wearing a black coat .
A man is filming a movie .
The puppy grabbed his littermate by the cheek
The couple is married .
A woman wearing yellow is running a race .
a young kid jumps into the water during swim lessons
A group of runners wait for the marathon to begin .
The biker is on a dirt bike .
A man is sitting on a couch while sewing .
The photographer is wearing a black suit .
A black dog is walking through water to catch a fish .
Man smoking a cigarette is upset with the car in front of him .
Four people are waiting for the bus .
a young girl putting away her toys
A tall human doing tricks
Someone fell into the lake during a race .
A photographer is taking photos at the golf championship .
A man buying a sandwich at a deli .
The player is trying to get the game winning point .
The catcher is right-handed .
The rickshaw carried a lovely couple down the street .
Two kids are getting a drink of water .
A man on stage singing accompanied by a stuffed bear is a ventriloquist .
The man on stage singing with his fingers in a bear 's nose is mute .
Two individuals are beating a bread dough on the table .
A couple on the dock getting ready to board their boat .
They are enjoying the day .
A man in a white robe is kicking at another man in a white robe and black belt .
The clown is having a fit in front the the children .
Several people saw a crime committed .
The young man is pointing at a building .
A teacher is explaining the course of the day 's lesson plans .
The street performer begins his show .
A mother photographs her son at the indoor skate park .
two people playing ball at sunset .
A boy is acting for a group of people .
the women are waiting for a store to open
Three boy scouts are inspecting a bow they will be practicing with for the next 2 days .
The man is preparing a meal for his family 's dinner .
tall humans standing
A gentleman and his date are at the Metro PCS theather .
the man is a farmer
A child is about to go swimming in the lake .
The puppets are pulling by people .
A woman is being chased near the river .
The boy jumps into the pool , as his sister follows soon after .
There is a boy outside .
man going on date
A mob prepares to protest a speaker .
The down is bring a stick back to his master , that threw it in the lake in the game of fetch
The girl in the red top is selling raffle tickets .
Man in a straw hat and glasses , raising a cane into the air , surrounded by a crowd .
The man protesting is caucasian .
A woman looks over some forms .
The Asian girl is writing a song .
A woman fluffs a pillow
Someone is thinking .
Two men are rapping .
The boy is wearing shin guards .
The accordion is very old .
Some people are at a historical park .
Similarly dressed couple stops to discuss plans .
Two men are trying to fish
Four skaters are competing in the olympics .
A child at a birthday party , holds his new presents as the other children look on and smile .
Two people are watching sports on TV .
A band is playing for an outdoor wedding .
An Asian man is congratulating someone for a job well done .
People are in a street in front of mountains with snow on them .
The people are going into the building .
The man is about to buy ice cream
A dog performing tricks for hsi owner .
A group of women are selling vegetables at a market
The man is trying to remember which song to play next .
The tall man stood near the metal trash can and smoked a Marlboro
A person is looking at pictures of her family .
The dancers are performing at the concert .
The child is eating a sandwhich .
The images were deleted .
two women chat about their day
a woman prepares for her third marriage
A little girl is erasing her work for her teacher .
a woman is waiting for her train
He is selling the newspapers in a hotel lobby .
A man is going on a hike .
A man is standing up .
The Yankees are at practice .
Male and female performers happily stand on stage .
Several people are gathered for a party .
A man is earning his living by singing to strangers .
A snowboarder does jumps over a barrel to train for a competition .
A little boy in a warm jacket sits all alone blowing bubbles .
The biker is showing off his bike .
A black woman is on her cell phone , calling the cops .
a girl thinks about her day
A woman in a purple sweater and black jeans has an odd look on her face .
A woman in a purple sweater is getting her hair done
A dog carrying a flower pot to his owner .
The running is fast
He is an experienced rider .
A boy races his dirt bike outside .
The man did a self portrait of himself .
Children play catch with the family dog .
The tourist is reviewing his photos .
A dog walks over large rocks .
The young man is reading the newspaper sports section with a mom and daughter walks to the movie theater .
The woman is going to deliver the items to someone .
Two women are getting married .
Two kids are at the park , having a nice time .
A woman is captured midair while she 's leaping as she tries to run away from the man
The young people are splashing each other in the fountain .
While carrying heavy sacks of flour the men walked the path single file
The father taught his son how to kick a ball .
A model stands on a garbage can for a photo shoot .
A dog chases a rabbit .
A gymnast competes in the olympics
The dogs are playing with a ball .
A gentlemen smiling and showing his refletive sunglasses to a friend .
A gentlemen sitting in a chair looking out a window .
two men gamble
the yellow dogs run on the road to their owners house
Some women are waiting at the bus stop .
A woman rides a bike bast the beach sunset .
People are saying `` cheese '' .
The boys are playing a game of cards together .
A black and a brown dog are running toward the video camera .
A man leaves a brightly colored bounce house with his daughter .
The man is going to sell the video games
The man is a cook .
A man is yelling at a party .
The man is being watched .
The man is a magician .
Kids use crayons to color large sheets of construction paper .
A blue tractor is doing construction work .
Three people posing for a picture with smiles and two are dressed up as zombies .
A guy and a lady are standing near each other .
A man and a woman smile as the watch the children play .
A man is caught in a rain storm with an umbrella .
A man does a magic trick .
a chef using a frying pan
A chef cooks in a diner .
An employee is making his lunch before the dinner rush at a nice restaurant .
The Jeep is going to fall .
People are walking by a man sleeping on the sidewalk .
A man in a pink uniform glides down handrails on a bike .
A boy is practicing bike tricks .
A pitbull running outside .
The girl is participating in the local county fair , and is helping judge the `` juiciest apple '' category .
a man fights another man while a crowd watches
Some peoples are running in game
A man is sitting with his puppy
A man and woman are married
The man is a professional skateboarder .
An old person carrying a pot
two girls talking about boys
A person makes a pancake while a child watches .
The two girls are screaming .
A woman is watching her children play .
Spectators watch a performance piece from an artist .
People have dressed up for a party .
People wore cosplay costumes to the party .
The skateboarder will land the trick .
The batter watches his potential home run fly
woman makes a speech
A world reknown musician performs his last performance at and outdoor music festival .
A married couple jogging while a man stretches on a park bench .
A female acrobat does her show in the center ring .
Two enemies are walking across the sand .
Two friends who are woman are walking across the sand .
A group cleans up after a major leak .
A supervisor watches 2 men finish a job .
A man fell off his bike on the road .
A boy wears a long sleeve shirt .
A float in a parade .
A man is climbing the grand canyon .
Many people 's take photo with a yellow woman
An rescue worker looking for injured people .
A man is cutting metal with the wrong tool .
A man watches a large truck filled with gravel drive down a busy street .
Two people are on a dinner date .
The group is socializing at the company dinner .
A girl is crying , because she skinned her knee .
A homeless person sits on steps .
The man is wearing shorts .
A maid is at her job in a house .
A man is practicing for his next race .
A girl is sitting watching people play sports .
The bird is going to eat some bread .
The runners are close to the finish line .
A man taking a picture for a photography class he is taking .
the boy is ten years old
An old man walks outdoors on a fall morning .
Flames are shooting from the rear of a race car as it takes off .
Two big , shaggy dogs are outside .
Dogs race each other to the ball .
A trio in coordinating outfits are playing a traditional song on handmade bamboo instruments .
A man is being chased .
The football player in the white uniform is about to make a touchdown .
The gym is crowded .
A black limousine is waiting for an important guest in front of a marble building .
A woman is taking a picture of a building outside .
The kid hitting the ball is practicing for his upcoming game .
The woman is editing a video .
It is a nice day outside .
A group of men are learning English
The boy is buying candy .
An old woman with her groceries tries to cross the street
A balding man wearing a brown bomber jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down .
The man enjoys rock climbing .
two pedestrians walk on a cobblestone road past a cafe in France
The owner of a building is leasing out advertising space .
The dogs are playing catch with each other .
A toddler playing in a tire in a junk yard .
Rival college football players are playing a football game .
the kid plays with his dog at the beach on a saturday
The man has been in the hot tub already today .
The man likes the hot tub .
The little boy is feeding a duck in the park .
This is a prom .
The girl in the sweater is getting ready to jump off the swing .
The man is walking to a hostel
The bathing suits are blue .
The people are on an island .
The puppeteer has her hand in a sock .
the girl is a supermodel
The player dropped the ball .
The people walking down a busy city street are trying to catch a limited release purchase event .
A women is cooking for her family
A man is wearing a large blue shirt .
There car racing had a roll cage .
The people are on a guided tour .
A man looks over the wares at a flea market .
A brother and sister are dancing together .
A guy is getting his thongs together at the laundromat
The boy is kissing his grandpa on the forehead .
A man walking into a shadow , holding a sign for a protest .
The group of people are sitting around having a picnic .
The group of people standing in front of the bicycles are a family .
People socialize near a bicycle stand after the race .
The young people are getting ready for a bike race .
A husband and wife smile at the birth of their child .
They are child and parent .
Several people wait for their luggage at the airport .
The models are on their way to the photoshoot .
A group of teenagers are holding something
A woman is going to watch a concert .
A woman is walking away from a building .
The girl in young .
Friends discuss their trip before the tour starts .
A tall person with hair
A sad boy falls off of his scooter during an obstacle course .
A biker gang riding through the streets .
A man asks his friend to record him climbing a rock wall .
A man is on top of a rock formation , taking in the view .
The garbage man is picking up the trash .
A man in a hat is outside .
A man in a hat stands in front of a brick wall , waiting for his buddy to pick him up .
A man is cooking his wife a nutritious meal .
The inside of a restaurant that has been renovated and remodeled .
A man tests out a new trumpet
A tall person in jeans
The man is finding change to use the payphone .
The man and woman are practicing for a fight .
Three boys have just been down a waterslide .
The people are friend
A group of people having drinks while they discuss a future business plan .
Several people are celebrating their company going public .
The brothers look at each other
Children are at recess during school .
A little blonde girl got a Care Bears blanket as Christmas gift .
A woman cuts fabric flowers in a market while a crowd watches .
a person on a river paddles a canoe
a man with a life vest paddles a canoe
A man is celebrating on camera after scoring a goal .
People sit around tables watching bowlers intently under a cloth covering .
People sit around tables in a living room watching intently under a cloth covering .
A boy and a girl are walking through a dirty city .
Three men are working on a new skyscaper in town .
Three men are outdoors .
The 2 ladies are related .
A businessman calls his office to make sure that his secretary cancels his appointments .
A man is approaching another man .
The buildings are corporate offices .
A woman riding a bicycle near a group of her friends on the sidewalk .
The street is crowded .
A woman is eating blueberry flavored cotton candy while in a public square in Europe .
It is a sunny day in the park while two men play chess .
The couple are holding hands .
Two hikers are returning to base camp .
Two guys are rock climbers .
The bystanders are terrorists .
The people are watching a plane show
A construction worker stands outside in front of some mountains .
A group of teens are waiting for their parents in a large garage .
Three individuals are wearing tight blue nylon suits outside .
A live band on a lawn jamming out for the holiday crowd .
A lady dressed in black is heading to the office .
The boy is reading a book about trains .
The girl is dressed up for a party .
The couple are at a music festival .
The girl in the colorful outfit is the other girl 's sister .
the people are girls
The man is tired from riding his bike .
The men are playing football .
A doctor is doing a good job .
Two models are photographed by a paparazzi .
A child just opened his smallest gift at his party
A chef gives a sample of his specialty .
a race of some sort is underway
An elderly artist is painting his latest masterpiece .
They are outdoors on the field .
The children are at the beach .
Two girls drop of their car to be washed .
The waiter takes a break after cleaning up the cafe , and the last customer leaves .
A girl bends over backwards to do her gymnastics routine .
The kid is competing in a game .
The women are wearing pink hats .
Two entertainers are performing acrobatics in a car .
Two entertainers are performing acrobatics for an unusually large crowd .
four men chatting
A man dances at a wedding .
A man is enjoying himself dancing .
A baby being cooked on the stove .
They like rock music the best .
a woman sings her favorite song into a microphone
a group of marathoners run
A father and daughter taking a walk .
The dogs are playing with cats .
The children are playing soccer .
A bunch of balloons can be seen as people wait for a surprise party to start .
They are hoping that they get a chance to perform , because it looks like it might rain .
He is reading a flyer about a new job he is interested in .
He has the light on .
Skis and boots are outside a ski lodge while the skiers enjoy a hot drink indoors .
A man running on a treadmill to run a marathon
There are people indoors .
Two men are making sure the musical mixing equipment is good to go for Skrillex .
People are on a class trip .
There are people and animals in the snow .
A baby getting its picture taken .
A boy is showing off the prizes he won at the fair .
A little boy is playing inside his bedroom
The girl is wearing pants .
A man peering into a window to see if others would like to buy some food .
Two men are smiling and laughing at the cats playing on the floor .
The girl is teaching her boyfriend how to knit .
The race car is on a track
A lady is looking in a car at a dog .
The man playing a banjo is trying to earn money .
The band has been together for years .
There are multiple people present .
An older man is drinking beer from a bottle .
A group of Chinese people at standing in water .
A group of Chinese people are at the beach .
The man is old .
A man stands by his watch shop .
The dancing couple is married
A kid stuck in a huge pile of snow .
The people are waiting for a late train .
Three young men in detention clean a classroom .
a dog is hot
The man has some dirt on his hands .
Someone is playing jump rope .
A boy is pretending to be an airplane as he runs around on a hill .
Men having a conversation
The grandpa is holding the baby
a woman walks to lunch
A chef prepares a meal for a food critic .
A mother takes her child out sledding .
A mother pulls a child on a sled during a fun day at Big Bear .
kids playing near a lake on vacation
A group of rollerbladers are performing a trick for the crowd .
A band played hard rock at a venue
A man and woman look like they are happily having their picture taken .
Two women make noise .
Two jazzwomen improvise together .
He is a photographer for a newspaper .
The child is looking for his mom .
The jacket is moldy .
A girl outside
The candy bars are above the womans head .
We went out to eat .
The family were grilling dinner .
A reporter is doing a live news report .
The woman is addressing a crowd .
The game is very intense and even .
A group of people hugging .
A woman is singing .
A woman is singing `` Happy Birthday . ''
The man is tired .
It 's Christmas
The boat is fast .
This person likes cats .
The bike is chained to the door .
A dog runs down a path with a green ball .
The goat jumped into the boys arms .
A woman and her best friend walk through the hallway .
Two people are racing motorcycles .
A brown dog receives a rawhide treat .
Three dogs chase after a rabbit on the racetrack .
A man has a walking stick .
The little girl is having fun .
A small boy is mad at his mother and throws a sponge at her car .
The woman is blonde .
The woman is asleep .
A teacher guides the student in regards to her homework .
The older woman has her grandson .
people running holding hands because they are in love
Several girls run a race together in a park .
Fans watch a hard rock band play
A child is playing with a doll .
A husband and wife carry their son down the street
Two brothers play in the water without even noticing the crowd
The two women checking their cellphones are wives of the two men on the curb .
Woman prepares an asparagus casserole .
A child participates in trampoline practice .
Two lumberjacks are horseplaying .
The vehicle is black .
The baby wants to be a doctor when he/she grows up
A mother is angry .
The people are friends .
The woman sweeps in preparation .
A person is taking a nap on a summer afternoon .
The man in the brown shirt is scared .
They are fighting .
Two scientists are conducting an experiment .
A mark in a dark coat looks to someone else .
A woman dressed in white pants and a yellow blouse exits the large city bus .
A man and women are flirting with each other
A boy is watching two men spar
The group is a folk music band practicing before their first gig .
Tall people singing
A man checks out a woman who passes him .
he throws a strike
A cyclist just wiped out and is trying to get up
toddler is walking to his mom
The high school freshmen practice in hopes of making varsity .
The two black dogs are running beside each other .
The woman has something on her head .
A woman with a ball being chased by a football player .
A woman with red-hair and wearing a black tank top screams at her son who is crossing the road without looking both ways .
A scientist is close to a scientific breakthrough .
A man waiting for someone while sitting on the grass .
A man is wearing glasses and light black clothing .
people talk about sticking tongue on pole
There are a lot of families at the beach today .
A man does a kickflip on his skateboard .
A man walking to the store .
Two people are having an arguement .
Many people are at a staff meeting .
The women are talking about their shopping trips .
A female belly dancer is performing in front of an audience with 2 males behind her supplying music .
They are preparing for a rite .
A shirtless man is holding a gas container walking to a gas station .
Young woman holder her son .
A geriatric group of student canoeists follow their instructor .
Two people are outside .
A man and his wife are relaxing outside .
A man and women exercising
A lady carries her lunch to work in a shoulder bag with `` HOT '' written on it .
The man is muscular .
Two people are having coffee with John McCain .
A couple of people are sitting in a room .
A couple of people are presenting at a conference .
The man moves the wooden post .
The man fixes the wooden fence .
Some girls are in gymnastic class .
A person is riding a four wheeler on a dusty plot of land to get to work .
Two family members are asleep in the back seat of a vehicle .
A woman is proud of her culinary accomplishments .
Participants wait for the beginning of the walkathon .
A young boy is pretending he is a train engineer .
The boy is happy
they got ready to cut the cake on christmas
The woman is going to her hot date .
Soldier is doing a crossword as he watches the train .
man trying to start fire
The wall is a part of the cats home .
A man is in an alley .
A girl is taking a picture to upload to her Facebook .
A man is about to jump off a cliff into some water .
girl writes poem
A male is telling some asian kids a story about the lion king
The people are talking .
The woman was sitting on a rubber floating device in the pool .
The woman was wearing a bathing suit .
A skateboarder falling off his board , onto the concrete below .
The city youth enjoying his skateboard , executing from the wall he painted .
A man flirts with a girl at a party and hopes to take her home .
A woman wearing a short skirt is on a crowded street .
The man has three dogs with him .
A girl wears the hat and sweater she received for Christmas .
The girl is smoking a Camel .
Two elderly women greeting eachother after years of not seeing eachother .
A dog is winning the race .
A boy is excited to build a castle out of legos .
Snowboarder tries out a new board off a ramp .
there is a auditorium where audience are watching live kickboxing
A little girl in a yellow dress and pink boots is running down the street after a little boy .
The jeep is new .
The man is looking unhappy .
A man is singing the national anthem
A man is climbing Mt Everest .
The puppy 's eyes are still closed .
Children are trying to enjoy the outside before a snowstorm
A shark is out of the frame .
The boy is 6 years old .
The children scream as a monster jumps out
A runaway girl is wearing blue and brown while she stands at the end of a tunnel holding bags .
Tulip vendor by the curb .
A lady is taking a picture .
A woman holds a camera and prepares to take a photo of her family .
A boy bicycles behind his father .
Woman is reaching for frozen corn at the store .
A man is skateboarding at a place that has gang presence .
The dog is playing with a stick on the beach .
A small child is playing by his mom .
A man climbs over treacherous rocks to reach the fishing hole .
A couple stops to look for directions on the busy street .
The boy is crying .
The bikers race competitively for a large cash prize .
A race between competitive bikers on an inside track begins as a biker raises his arm .
Two lumberjacks consult each other on how to down a tree .
people hike to top of mountain
the man is black
Coworkers at a seminar having their picture taken .
The man is demolishing a house .
Five adults are sitting on stone steps playing music .
The store is having a grand opening .
People are going shopping .
A woman has a light blue shirt .
A large tan dog is running with a patch of grass in its mouth .
The parking lot is full of green and white cars .
A lady has a light black hat .
A person at a museum looking at dinosaurs .
A dog ran away from the racetrack .
The tourists are being guided on their trip .
A man pointing to a display he just put up .
The homeless boy takes a nap outside
A man in white shorts is lying on a park bench .
A man in white shorts is running on the sidewalk .
A boy is building a sandcastle near the water .
People cheer as a stunt rider jumps over a car on a ramp .
People are waiting for the boat to arrive so they can start their cruise .
Three businessmen sit on a bench discussing capital gains taxes .
A group of people are whale watching .
The two teams are relaxing before the match .
The girl is interested in the picture .
A man is attempting to get people to come in out of the rain .
A boy jumps through the sprinklers .
A priest in a hoodie bows in a cathedral .
A police officer watches a situation closely .
The man are pulling in tuna fish .
The snowboarder is in fear .
A man is staring at the blue bike .
A girls is happy
The crowd is watching the girl .
a large woman walks a dog
A man and women take their dogs for a walk on the beach .
A man is making a glass jar .
man making a sword
The boy has brown hair .
The boy is under the age of 18 .
Two kids were running outside with their arms out like airplane wings .
The man is working .
The people are all looking at something .
Several friends are playing a game of basketball .
The car enthusiasts were all men .
The man is playing in an NBA game .
The man is telling the elephant where to go .
A woman kisses a man in the street after he asks her to marry him .
A tall man plating
A group of people are picking cotton .
The woman is enjoying the weather .
The old man needs to rest because he is tired from his long journey .
The old man takes a rest .
Dogs are racing on a track on a sunny afternoon
A man is trying to sell his bowling ball collection
She is hoping to fix her balding .
Women separate after lunch .
A family is eating lunch while eating on a bench .
A man is a professional baseball player .
A man is a tennis pro .
Man about to swing a tennis racket on a tennis court to win the game .
A bluegrass band plays for the passerby .
A skateboarder likes to skateboard on ramps .
A skateboard is performing in front of his friends .
The man is looking at the pictures .
The two people are about to go in the doors .
People are protesting police tactics .
The women are uncomfortable because of the hot sand beneath their feet .
The person is heading to the market on their bicycle .
A tall person in shorts
A group of people are on a balcony .
Two golden dogs chewing on a cushion , waiting for their master to come home .
Child holds lit cigarette for his dad .
The man is walking to a store .
Two women having a conversation
group of people going to lunch
A guy is sitting on a bench with his shopping bags and a dog sits by him .
A guy is sitting on a bench with his shopping bags .
Two women walking around a pond , talking .
The kids wer raking leaves up in the yard and stopped to play for a minute .
The man has never skated before .
The two men boxing are hispanic .
Two kids eat Happy Meals at an outside table .
A dog is playing outside .
A man is sitting outside a train station .
A man is sitting down on a bench .
Two men are fighting over a girl
A person is outdoors in the rain cutting down trees surrounding his home .
It is Halloween .
men looking at the floor because they are uncertain
A woman is using wooden clothespins .
A man is a marathon runner
A woman is outside in summer .
The man is dressed up because he is going to a funeral .
The guy teaches his new guitar tricks to his friend .
One man serenades the other man .
One man is listening to rap music while the older man is playing rock music
The men do not like the coffee that they are drinking .
A man is driving a four wheeler on the beach .
A farmer is leading his horse carrying hay back to the barn .
There are several people browsing the tomato selection at the local farmer 's market .
An old guy sits on a bench by a cracked sidewalk reading a red book .
The man is on his way to his first job interview after graduating college .
The man has a headache .
A child wishes for Spring .
The dog is retrieving a tennis ball
A conductor is conducting a Beethoven symphony in front of a Parisian crowd .
The woman is cleaning .
A men 's soccer team winning the World Cup .
the man is white
There is a girl celebrating her birthday at a restaurant .
A crossing guard waits for school to let out .
The women are sitting down to lunch .
The women are having a drink together .
The couple are getting their pictures professionally taken at the railroad tracks .
The group is waiting for the band members to exit their colorful buses .
There are many red cars .
the woman is white
Four people are standing and one of them is pointing at an airplane in the sky .
A man is trying to figure out how to work a 3-d printer .
the people are old
women are waiting for a sale
A man in the shower makes a funny hairstyle for his laughing son .
A man is shampooing his hair in a shower with a ducky themed shower curtain .
A painter is wearing a dark colored apron with a brush in her right hand .
The rescue diver has rescued a young boy from the muddy river .
The young women helped them win the game .
The man is falling down the stairs at a sports game .
the dog is chasing a rabbit .
A man gets ready to go to work .
A woman is at a airport .
A tall person with hair
A woman is waiting for her drink
A n old woman is waitng for someone in a yellow room .
Three women walk down a walkway
The canoe is in the water .
The girl is wearing black slippers .
A toddle is seated in a swing in a large park .
The woman is waiting to order a sandwich .
A girl is running across the field to see her dog .
The man is dancing on the street .
The man in black dances to 80 's pop music .
A man and woman are outside of a store .
The women are walking on the sidewalk .
A blond human sitting
A girl plays with her doll in the faucet .
a girl is handing a ball to her pet dog
A couple says a tearful goodbye .
A young child is blowing soapy water to form circles filled with air .
The little boy was wearing orange shorts , too .
A lone surfboarder is practicing for an upcoming competition .
They are talking about setting up things for the next show .
The people are painting the lanterns red .
A women is is confused about her writing .
A women is confused about something she sees outside .
He is hoping to impress his friends .
a basketball player slam dunking the ball to win the game
army rangers practice shooting
The person walking has shoes on .
a woman with bikini bottoms is playing volleyball with friends
The woman is at the beach .
Some friends drinking and listening to music at a party .
Friends are enjoying their time together .
The blond girl is wheeling a wheelbarrow across a lawn to put lawn trimmings in .
Two sisters pose in front of their new motorcycles on a busy street .
Actors are performing in a musical .
A broken fire engine shoots water at a young man with an umbrella .
A Spanish man is cutting another mans hair .
Three friends are about to board a train after work .
The subway is a busy place .
50 people walked to the wrong subway hall .
the military surrounds their own vehicles .
A woman puts on clown makeup .
A man observes the broken furniture nearby
A man is sad he broke the couch
Two sad elder women have a conversation outdoors in front of a house .
All of the balloons are blue .
Ice fisherman grind their first hole of the day .
A person in the grass is wearing a yellow hat and holding a fishing pole to catch catfish .
A new baker works on their bread .
The girl is falling onto the concrete .
People are waiting for a surprise party .
A group of friends watch television .
People are in a room listening to a lecture .
the men are gangsters
a man and a woman are celebrating a birthday
A cowboy is trying to keep his horse calm for the competition
It is a saturday
Someone is skateboarding outside .
The man is fat
Seven people are racing on their motorbikes .
The people are racing .
Persons are standing outdoors under a bridge archway .
The lady is late for a meeting .
the lady is outside a mcdonalds
a man gives a presentation to a big crowd
The men are painting the wall black .
A dog is running to pick up a stick
People are sharing a sandwich .
A man sells food .
A man walks in front of his new building , with the word grace on it
A woman watches a jet fly over her .
A man is holding his daughter while looking at toys in a store .
A group of three men leave their shady van .
Two men but some local fruit
Three people loading items for work .
A man and a woman join the crowd to watch something
There is a man outside .
Two doctors are friends
A man is pretending to be blind so he con people .
A man with a visual impairment is walking .
A super car is racing on a track .
A super car has raced many times before .
Two men in black suits are addressing a crowd of people seated in front of them .
Two men on a boat enjoying their vacation .
A band plays loud rock music with a heavy drum solo .
The man is only drummer in the band .
The hiker is in the mountains .
The singer is at the concert .
A trainer has his dog show off his new tricks for the rest of the class .
Two dogs love each other .
A group of friends are attending a concert .
A girl is taking pictures of a parade .
The workers are day laborers .
The man with the unkempt hair is scaring the lady near him .
A race car driver performing a movie stunt .
A police officer is annoyed by the meddling children .
The men are wearing boots .
They are having a great time .
A mother and her daughters are resting .
The person is walking to the store .
A young woman talks to her baby at the park .
She is changing the lightbulb
A mom is taking a family photo with her son and two daughters
The women are school cheerleaders .
Children are taking a class picture on the slide .
A man plows his field using horses .
A boy sitting in the grass looking at a book .
A person is resurfacing the sidewalk of a well known street .
He is a construction worker for the city .
The older man is cold .
A man is relaxing with his feet up and his eyes closed .
A girl tugs on her fathers hand as she watches him shave his moustache
The conductor and orchestra are not sitting because the crowd is cheering .
Naturalist taking a vacation .
Man walks with his wife and her mom .
A couple woman are chatting during a wine tasting tour .
A man and woman are late for their dinner reservation .
Two people are on a date .
Two young girls have fun on a trampoline , one of which appears to be falling down onto her back while the other poses with a smile behind her and waving .
The mothers are making lunch .
Musicians are performing on a stage at a wedding .
The woman is learning how to barbecue .
The taxi is going to pick up a customer .
A girl is holding a rose .
The candy is for Easter .
People gathering in a group
An artist is setting up things to paint .
A tall person with a cap
The people are leaving the town
The man is traveling .
A woman is talking to a friend on the phone .
The tractor got stuck and the people are pulling it out of the mud .
The graffiti is very colorful .
The man is homeless .
They are going to grandmothers for some cookies
The people are all friends .
The people are going back to the dock .
The man will win the race .
A company vehicle about to deliver goods .
two men are getting breakfast
A funny person smiling
The people are in a shopping center .
There is a person imitating a skateboard trick from Tony Hawk .
A group does tribal dancing at a festival .
The man and woman are holding hands .
The sisters eat ice cream as they dip their feet in the ocean .
A man is touring a city with his son
The woman is a ballet dancer .
A tall human standing
A dog leaps into a lake from a huge rock .
A man is carrying a drum while talking on the phone about his upcoming performance .
Street vendors are at an open air market .
The group is working together .
A woman in a jacket riding a bike to work .
The asian man is moving through a puddle .
A woman is scowling .
A woman is looking perplexed at a confusing picture .
a man in overalls with two white horses
Children run around in the fall .
workers serve a meal
The vehicle is large .
Two FEMA workers walk down the street of the once beautiful suburban neighborhood , surveying the damage from the storm .
a woman on a busy street
A man goes down the ski hill swiftly because he is an expert .
The group is packing canned food .
Some people are enjoying themselves at a musical .
the girl is white
The man on the motorcycle road across the course .
The men are playing in a basketball tournament .
A woman is fixing a kite .
The women carry sushi on plates
There is a crowd cheering them on while they perform the act .
A female snowboarder wears green pants .
Two guys in uniforms are playing a sport on the grass
A man is carving a large turkey .
A man works in a stall while another man stands in front of the stall keeping watch for troublemakers .
It is the holiday season .
A group of people plan on meeting up later .
a man is about to cut hair
The baby is swimming
The person in the air is asian .
It is warm outside .
The water is cool .
A young man waits for his friends at a skate park .
men fishing at the pier
men walking by the river
There are no females around them .
The man is on a rush .
Strangers meet together outside .
Some people are interested in the geological formation .
The group of men are giggling .
People are walking down a street holding homemade signs .
He waited to shine shoes outside .
There were tools to shine something .
A dog playing fetch outside .
A black dog with a red collar .
Two women are dancing with a bunch of guys .
The rope is white .
The people are hiking .
A tall baseball player sliding toward second base .
A girl is trying to escape from a crocodile .
Two military men in matching uniforms perform drills using combat moves .
The women are sisters .
The man is wearing sunglasses .
The clown is performing for a large crowd .
A woman looks odd sitting on the sidewalk with several bags and a bottle while wearing a bathing suit .
A scantily clad stripper is on her phone waiting for her turn to dance .
the woman is white
A chef prepares roasted corn in front of an audience .
The street performer is standing on the sidewalk .
The men practice the salsa to show off for their wives .
A group of people are being given a tour across a desert .
A boy swings on a tire swing .
Many friends are socializing at a birthday party .
The ball is heavy
The people are standing in the rain waiting for a bus .
The crowd is cheering for the man .
a barber trims a customer near the sea .
A girl holds flowers for her mother on the sidewalk
A man in a photo booth at a carnival .
A teenage girl is at a band concert .
a woman is telling her a son a scary story
The men are giving an important speech .
The men are selling something to onlookers .
People are wearing swim clothes , waiting for the sun to come out .
a police officer offers a man in leather to go for a motorcycle ride
A police officer is arresting someone in front of a crowd .
A policeman is on his break
There is a person on vacation .
A man is standing
The man 's face is in profile .
A father and son are playing at a waterpark .
There is a man practicing a routine for his street performance .
A homeless person buys cat food for dinner at Walmart .
The baseball player is playing offense .
A tall human reading
The team of men are performing surgery .
The team of men were attacked by a shark .
A dog is in a dog show competion .
a couple are reunited
They are in the desert .
A woman waits for a train .
They are riding their bikes for fun .
The man is good a doing tricks .
Scientists are investigating animal slides in a microscope
The group is conducting an experiment on algae and are taking a closer look through their microscope .
The young dancers are performing in front of people .
The young dancers performing are indian .
There is a group watching a street performance .
Brown dogs are running on a trail in the woods .
A group is clapping for a presidential nominee .
The toddler is wearing a diaper .
There is at least two children .
A little boy is jumping around and falls off a balcony .
A tall person carrying cases
A short person in a uniform
Some kids are playing on a swing at a park .
Two animals are being held back by leashes .
Two puppies are play fighting .
Two teams battle it out in cricket .
The woman screams as the water hits her .
The stage is high .
A child wearing a red shirt playing outside .
A child wearing a red shirt playing a game inside .
These three cyclists are bitter rivals .
Two people are enjoying eachothers presence .
two puppies chasing a frisbee .
The short black man is friends with the bald white man .
Two girls lay upside down on their bed to be closer to the fan
A woman wearing a white shirt and jeans crosses a rope bridge in a wooded area to get to her husband .
A woman is making a lemon meringue pie .
The boy is about to hold something .
A skateboarder finally succeeds in going down a railing after many tries .
The running back is black .
People ride the train into the city .
A family is riding the small train at an amusement park .
A man is doing tricks downtown .
The boys are testing the kayak .
The man prepared to enter the building for his interview .
The girl is building a sand castle .
The girl is afraid of the sand .
Two boys are talking outside .
Two boys are laughing .
A goalie is protecting the goal but tired .
Some girls are at a party .
A tall human riding
The protestors wore costumes to relay a serious message .
Girls are in mid-air .
A man is about to enter a cave .
the plane is a firefighter .
A group of students are taking a tour of a bamboo structure .
A class taking a trip outside to visit a bamboo inspired structure .
The man is looking for clothing for his trip to Hawaii .
A girl is near the ledge of a cliff .
The man is riding a homemade bicycle .
A lady is waiting in line at a concert .
A boy jumps in a crowded area by a fountain .
The frisbee is orange .
A man plays at a cricket ball while little boy wicketkeeper is behind him .
A woman is eating her meal at a resturant .
A woman is eating lunch while on her break at work .
The man is probably cold .
The girl is wearing tall boots .
A husband and wife are dancing .
The party is taking pictures before a wedding .
A group is walking in a christmas parade
The girl got pushed hard by the other player .
The dog is wading through water to get to his toy .
A man got lost on his boating trip .
The girl is on a school field trip
a woman sitting at a table is done playing poker , so she is putting the poker chips away .
The man is wearing a ski jacket outside to walk to work .
A family holds hands in the snow in Alaska .
A lumberjack wields a chainsaw to chop down a pine tree .
An olympic gymnast is waving a ribbon .
A gymnast is strecthing before the match .
A dripping wet woman walks in front of a waterfall after swimming .
The older man is famous .
Two cars belonging to crane operators parked near their crane .
people are building a bike shed
The gymnast is a professional .
The goose has something in its mouth .
A local religious curate tries to convince passers by to come to his church .
The convention of bicyclists are ready for the marathon
A horse is about to win a steeplechase race .
two men are helping each other
two men are looking for a lost ring
Two men are having a brawl .
Two men are fighting .
The woman is concerned about sun damage .
The two women are admiring the flowers .
The band is playing bluegrass .
A rockband playing music at a performance
People at a birthday party .
A man is giving a speech to his peers .
the workers are walking home
The workers are looking forward to the last job of the day .
The guys are in the MLB .
The lady is in the bathroom .
The lady is getting ready for a date .
The woman is painting a self portrait .
A family is window shopping together .
A man is working at the circus .
Two young girls are sitting inside .
Two young girls are waiting for their mom to get ready .
People standing in the grass talking about their problems .
Tourists at London Bridge pose for a photograph .
A man and a woman touching each other looking at the sunset .
The man is giving the woman her paycheck .
A band plays at a beach party .
a farmer selling his farm
The children are getting ready for anap .
Someone is wearing a blue shirt .
A girl watches something
A group of people playing a game by kicking a bag around .
The plants are dead .
A man tests himself against the enviroment
A runner transcends his psychial boundaries
A new couple kiss every time someone rings a bell at the reception .
Two men are co-workers .
Two men are working in a garage .
A dog is playing at the park
The man is tying the woman 's shoe .
A local policeman standing stiff in front of the counter
Woman is holding a toddler upside down by the ankles .
A blond woman is helping a little girl perform a handstand .
The boy is wearing red trunks .
A child is learning to swim .
The little boy is learning to swim at a group lesson teaching children in the community pool .
A bunch of people wearing glasses .
Crowded street with a woman moving around
A beautiful female passing by crowd
A large crowd is curious about something .
A large crowd are preparing to watch the parade .
The dogs are related .
Children standing and climbing near a fountain after school .
A man with a lab coat works in a lab .
A man is laughing at a woman who has fallen over .
A girl rides a bike to the park .
A man waiting for his bride at a table in the room .
Male nun is addicted to nicotine .
The trash has n't been collecting for several days .
Female school students in uniforms all in blue backpacks .
The people were singing and dancing in a parade .
The people plan to go tanning on the beach .
A business man plans on playing another guy for money on a game of chess .
A man is holding something near some trees as people pass by .
A man sells handkerchiefs near a grove of trees while people pass by .
The dog is cold
a couple of men walk their canoe to the cabin
The man with the bag is standing on the corner waiting for his wife
A homeless man seeks his dinner .
The people are a couple .
A group of guys walk down the road towards a bar , backs facing the camera .
A couple is going to watch a 3D movie .
A tall person in a bikini
The girls are walking home from school .
A tall person sitting
A young lady climbs a cliff face in the woods while others watch
There are some guys setting of fireworks .
The group gathered inside the house .
They are going to win it this year !
A black dog is playing fetch with some kids .
A local favorite sings for the first outdoor wedding of the season .
The guy on inline skates is trying to impress his girlfriend .
Someone is getting flowers for a gift .
A girl is digging a hole to lay in on the beach .
A view from a bridge .
A tall person in black
The dogs sit by their owner who is a Native American .
The young man is drinking coffee .
A happy woman in a fairy costume holds an umbrella .
The females are wearing dresses .
A couple are travelling to see friends in London .
Three men are trying to attract a crowd and take them to a bar where they will be playing later
Two sad children are with a dog on leash who is standing against a tree .
A man in a white shirt standing in his t-shirt booth selling shirts .
The female has on black shoes .
The dune buggy jumps off of the sand dunes .
The crowd is restless .
The dogs are friends .
A group of friends are playing a board game at their friend 's birthday party .
The woman has blond hair .
A woman doing her last performance .
The girls are gymnasts .
A man is learning how to play tennis
The old woman is carrying pails of milk .
An expensive car on display at a convention for rich enthusiasts .
A four piece male band which includes two saxophone players , a trumpet player and a trombone player are playing on an outdoor stage while two other males are dancing in front of the band .
He is changing the equalization .
A man is developing pictures in a dark room .
a dog looks content sitting on a bed after ripping up some important papers .
There is a girl laughing at the man
Three girls are sitting in a classroom .
Two hikers enjoy a sunny day .
Humans that are very large .
A little boy is playing soccer outside .
The presentation is taking place in a auditorium .
The little boy is eating a strawberry popsicle .
A funny person in a shirt
Asian woman is coloring her hair
Asian women is in her home .
A crowd watches two shirtless men stage a dramatic peformance of MacBeth .
The boy is 15 years old .
the family is young
A skater is outside
Three boys enjoying summer .
The football players are having fun
A father and son work on a construction project together .
A tall person drinking
Two women are touring New York City .
Two men are working on the same thing .
Two friends are working .
two girls waiting for butterflies
Soccer hooligans fighting each other after a game in Europe .
several people are next to a building
Two friends are walking together to there house
The young girl is prepared for the storm .
The man is paid to sweep .
the man is a mayor
A couple stands on the sidewalk between buildings .
A guy is washing bird poop off of the sidewalk .
There is a 67 year old woman in a crowd .
A group of people wait for the infamous peanut butter pie .
A group of people are advertising a new type of rollerskate .
Two women coming home after school .
A man , wearing a blue shirt is the audio engineer
A man , wearing a blue shirt , is listening to music
A little girl runs through a construction area .
Justin bieber is on the phone with her
A woman is talking on her cellphone at the beach deciding on what she will be planning tonight
Two basketball players play basketball on an indoor court .
The sweatshirt is designer .
There is a man sitting on one of the couches doing a crossword puzzle .
A group of men are at a conference watching a slideshow .
A man is about to take a sip of coffee from his white coffee mug .
A man works at a pet shop .
The silhoutte is creeping out the children .
People playing for the championship .
They are about to jump from the building .
A woman is in a horse race .
The birds fly away in surprise
The birds fly off to relocate
Some women are walking to the store .
The martial artist prepares for his sparring session .
The martial artist has been trained .
An older man exercising .
A young girl is shoveling snow .
A man toasts his sons marriage .
An obese man jumping out of a pool .
The man is waiting to head to a fire scene .
The soccer players are waiting for a review on the play .
A nurse holds a newborn baby in the middle of the delivery room .
a woman talking on her cellphone to her husband
The man just got a compliment .
A young man is standing outside a wooden structure because he wants to .
A man who is late is running down the street and carrying a hard hat .
A few people playing a game of golf in the tropics .
There is a man reading a music festival poster .
A man plays a song for his wife .
the dog is trying to hide his bone
Children try to cool down on the lawn .
A skier performs a competitive technical jump during a competition .
A person is looking up at a cloudy sky .
The young girl climbs in a tree .
Two workers are outside doing construction work .
Three people in a medow of flowers .
The employee is walking around the building .
A man running for a fundraiser .
A blind woman and her guide dog have lunch at an outdoor cafe .
the two people are getting ready to kiss
Two fake cops and a child undercover agent .
Two cops are protecting a child on the sidewalk .
The canoe is red
The people are going in the barn to see the horse .
The person is wearing a helmet .
A man is going up a rock wall in the desert .
Some people are moving in circles .
The two indian men dancing in suits are friends .
some people are having a picnic .
The old man is making a rocking chair .
The tennis ball was thrown really far .
The little boy is smiling .
The woman is wearing a blue shirt
A skateboarder in a competition is in the air straddling his upside down skateboard .
A little boy about to trip .
A sad man is doing a handstand in a park on a sunny day .
A laborer looks at his tools .
The man is marveling at the technology .
Three people are waiting at a street corner for the bus .
Two men are selling bananas .
Two men are selling their produce .
A girl wants to get another girl wet .
The girls are playing a game .
the child is a modle .
The young man is very coordinated and flexible .
A man is working so his child can play and relax comfortably .
Man dressed in business casual attire playing the tenor saxophone with the rest of a band .
The woman restores old cars , and is thinking of buying it .
A woman looks at an old car she might buy .
The kids are going to play a song .
A music teacher shows a class how to play a complicated song .
A man waiting for a date is wearing a black hat and jacket while he is sitting .
An accordion player performs for a small crowd .
They child was on vacation .
Two people are sitting in a city park .
A group of men are looking at the damage inside the train .
A Senator starts a baseball game .
A baseball player is playing outfield in game seven of the finals while a journalist takes photo .
There is a protest for animal rights taking place
Children are playing a game happily
A tall human knitting
Technicians servicing machinery under hastily constructed shade .
A child chases his dog back into the house .
A young man prepares to eat a meal .
A man arrives at the airport , returning from a business trip .
Two people are having a bike race .
The two are playing in a very competitive game .
He just made a strike .
A person is bowling in a tournament .
The beach is windy .
The women know eachother .
A girl feeds her older brother .
Women are at a spa
The man is walking home from work .
It is a woman .
The dogs are having a play date and do n't live together .
The woman 's team just got their third out and it 's time to switch sides .
A brunette woman drew the graffiti on the wall .
The man is doing military inspections
The homeless man is playing songs
A group of young boys holding hands as they jump into the pool
They are all using phones .
Two brothers are having fun in the snow .
A woman is about to win a marathon .
A man washes pants
A tall human wearing
A person is outside .
The guy is watching planes land at an airport .
A man is following a remote control airplane .
Two sad men are sitting on a grassy hillside wearing bike helmets .
A lot of children are playing hopscotch in the driveway .
The man is homeless .
A woman eating a meatball sandwich
A boy pretends he is a construction worker while playing with a dump truck .
A man is getting married to his 3rd wife in ten years .
People wait for the bus to take them to the concert .
A drill instructor is adjusted a students hat before they preform at a funeral .
Several runners compete in an indoor road race .
The man dressed in orange is an escaped convict .
it is raining
the horse is wild
A little boy is sitting alone at the park .
A child holding playset railing to support himself .
The dogs are playing outside .
Three children are on summer vacation by the river .
A sad man is standing in coconuts while trying to open one .
The man is working on the building .
A cute dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks happily through the snow .
The men are running from the police .
Couples looking for places to shop .
street performers are with santa holding hands on christmas
A woman waits for her husband to come home for dinner .
The two people are eating chocolate ice cream .
A boy dives to get the flag to end the game of flag football
The person is watching clouds on a summer day .
After tripping and falling over a small rock , the international sporting contestant winces in pain .
The boy is waiting to surprise a friend .
The child is with his mother .
An artist finishes his first sand artwork .
The boys are brothers .
The girl is happy .
The three people are going to a party .
A man on stage wearing a red shirt is zipping up his long pants .
The baby in a blue jean hat and sunglasses looks at the camera while being held after being called by his mother .
A couple goes on a jog together .
The worker is picking up a wrench from the ground .
A family has been evicted .
A man is using buckets and a shovel .
Two children compete in the championships .
The dog is eating a hamburger .
The gentleman and his Doberman are enjoying the sun .
The african american player does tricks with the basketball like a Globetrotter , while teasing the white player .
The white basketball player tries to get the ball from the black player , but he can not get it .
A guy on the beach is emptying sand out of his shoe .
The child is taking a diving class .
A grandfather smiling while baking
They are gossiping about each other .
Some kids are competing in a race .
A man is going to entertain people with a teddy bear as a prompt
a man reclines in a seat pad on a boat , while reading a book and enjoying his day off .
A boy works his fathers street cart selling fruit .
The children are watching the water .
There are men and women on the bus .
The children are five years old .
The woman is reading .
A group of men are using flashlights to find something .
Several men working to repair a McDonald 's sign at their place of employment
A group of buyers inspect a car before it goes on the auction block .
A woman and child wade into the low tide ocean water looking for star fish .
A crowd cheers on their favorite team .
The people are waiting for the bus .
Several individual and cleaning the ice so they can play curling iron on the ground
The bin is old .
the people are ladies
Tall humans working
A woman is holding a hot air balloon on the 4th of July .
A dad is helping his daughter with a puzzle .
The ladies are discussing what they are going to do tonight .
A man beams with pride at his big catch .
The field is wet
two girls were dancing while rollerskating and hit each other
The truck is red
The cheerleaders stand on the other cheerleaders for an hour
A mother watchers her daughter .
People read .
A man is on his yellow bike .
Two girls are stuck .
A young girl is making mud cakes .
It is going to rain soon .
A snowboarder is flipping in the air .
The person is in a bike race .
The objects are initially higher than the men .
The objects are balls .
The woman has sunglasses on .
The man is begging for money on the street .
The man is playing his guitar and singing on the street .
the man in skates follows a race path
The two men are brothers .
A pitcher is pitching in the championship game .
The women are drinking wine
A dog running to the master who called him
The man is wearing swim cap .
a teen is catching a big wave
A woman is going for a ride in the park with her baby .
Two men are waiting for their other friend .
Two men are standing near each other .
Two men are passionately kissing in an alley .
The two people are having a race with their scooters .
Young boy watches his brother sitting down in the grass .
Children are trying to learn how to swim with their parents in a large pool with a red staircase .
It is cold outside .
The woman is selling pies .
A dog is in a park .
The man is a gymnast .
A tall man in a cap
An Olympic skier skiing .
A public speaker is protesting Halloween .
The person is a keystone speaker .
Male Bikers talking in the busy road while its raining .
They are visiting a country .
People are taking pictures of various things .
A man in a black shirt is about to open his cable bill .
Three people are standing in front of a building talking .
A boat jerks the man parasailing .
They are smoking a cigarette .
A guy sharpens his knife to butcher the hogs .
A snowboarder is performing tricks .
The men are strolling down the boardwalk .
A man lies near an alley .
A man lies in an alley with a shotgun and a bottle .
A dog resting next to it 's baby puppies .
They are preparing dinner for their parents .
The baby is being held by the man with the stubble on his face and is crying
Several people are wading ina dangerous river that may cost them their lives .
The dog is competing in an agility contest .
The man is on vacation
A sad child is looking at some colorful dresses .
A child on the ground crying as others look on .
A child on the ground crying outside with its parents .
The father is getting ready to play with his son .
The people in the room are avoiding the cameraman .
The woman is fat
A child is playing with a toy airplane that was made by his grandfather .
People enjoy the demo of the stores new massage chairs .
The athletes must perform certain moves for the judge .
the player is a woman
There is a good game going on
A man tidying up his moms yard .
The woman is sitting on the pier watching the sunset .
some siblings are indoors while it rains
The girl is jumping rope just for exercise .
The baby is playing with blocks .
A baseball player is about to make a game winning catch in left field .
The band is playing for a charity concert .
The boy is near the ocean .
The man makes the best kabobs in the world .
Funny girls taking cover .
A man is impressing other employees with his dancing .
A girl is trying to see how far she can jump .
the child is on the playground
A girl practices for a jump rope competition .
the man is asian
the firefighters are women
A dressed up woman is walking next to a pharmacy at night .
A black woman walks by a Bloomingdale 's .
An elderly man walking next to a skyscraper .
A man smokes a cigarette while waiting for his work to compile .
A man selling vegetables from the back of a truck .
A woman prepares food for a newly wed couple
The little girl is preparing for bed
The man is waiting for the bus
Three people await the bus .
A woman is standing in the rain .
A young kid hits a homerun .
The women are sisters .
The men are near their old fire engines
A woman is doing yoga on the beach .
The players are playing in Oakland .
The people are wearing costumes .
The people are blowing smoke out of their mouths .
Funny people wearing shorts
10 officers performing a demonstration outside .
Woman sweeps storage building , cleaning it out to get ready for business .
The woman is walking for exercise .
The man is baking a cake .
A child is walking towards his mother .
A woman buys some fruit from a street vendor .
Photo shoot preparation .
A woman hangs her wash out to save money .
An old man is working at his home workshop .
Sam and Ben are playing in a bar .
A girl poses for a picture with her sister .
A skateboarder is about to fall off his skateboard .
The man is playing a concert .
The man is using climbing equipment to scale a rock .
People are riding horses and ponies for a circus event .
There are large waves in the sea .
The horseback rider is traveling from one ranch to another
People are standing around the new fountain in the city hall .
A man and his son are outside at the park .
A man is on a frozen lake .
A person is practicing hockey .
A young kid holds her favorite toy .
Twin sisters are celebrating their birthday at a fancy restaurant .
A woman is in the Olympics .
A tennis player is getting anxious because all the people are watching .
A young man is racing home to eat dinner .
A tall person in a shirt
A man is mopping the floor .
An acrobat is hanging from a tree .
A small light orange case is on the table .
A child is excited
The dog is not supposed to have the stuffed animal .
A hiker shows off his agility .
A black woman is chasing two grey lambs .
The children are in the cafeteria .
They are about to get onto a boat .
he is creating his best art to date
Military man sits on armed vehicle in the Middle East .
A man practicing a song he wrote
The car is moving very slowly
Two children are exploring their grandparents games and books .
Two children are looking for something to do .
A lady looking for vanilla ice cream .
A lady indoors .
The girl is a goalie for her soccer team .
two women toss pennies into the fountain
A male dog is swimming in a lake with a stick in its mouth .
Soldiers standing in lines outside .
A man with a facial tattoo and Ray-Bans is holding a toddler .
The boy gets hurt jumping .
The city is huge
A large boat with a green flag on the back is towering above three smaller boats with the same flag .
Two dogs run to catch a bone .
the woman was gesturing to her son
Two children are outdoors at a park playing .
the man is captivated
The strange men in robes and capes are riding their bikes away from the crime scene .
The woman is barefoot .
A woman is sewing a dress .
A smartly dressed woman is taking pictures .
A woman dressed smartly to maintain respect .
The dog is coming out of the ocean with a stick in its mouth .
One man playing the guitar while another plays the drums at a live music event .
an old man walks by a metal train
A basketball player has just blocked the shot of another player .
People are crossing the street .
A woman scores .
twelve women play a game
The girl is feeding the seagull .
a man gets ready for a business meeting
A man is giving a woman cooking lessons .
The woman in a crowded city
a kid walks with a flag to celebrate 4th of July
A jogger jogs around a lake .
A boy walks through water in a fountain .
The little boys are friends .
A women is poking a specimen with a stick .
A woman is recording her research for a live show on discovery channel .
A black car is preparing for a race .
Icy snow slowing down a man 's dog sled .
A man shows a picture of an elf to the class .
The pool is being vacuumed by the woman .
Parents showing a child how to kill himself and others
The woman walking next to the boy carrying the flag is tall .
A mother is walking with her child who is holding up an american flag .
Young couples are picnicking together on a sunny day .
A dog is hunting with its owner .
The young man is brazilian .
A little dog gets its ' picture taken .
The climber is wearing blue pants .
A person is chosing some apples .
A group of people is standing in a plane , ready to jump out and skydive .
Paragliders survey their flight options .
a group is playing ultimate frisbee
the women are knitting scarves
The girl has shoulder length hair .
the man is a demolition worker
A man shows a group of people how to use a sledgehammer .
The boy is at a birthday party and giving a hug .
A man is selling food to pedestrians .
Medical personnel are helping an injured person .
The brand of cigarettes is Marlboro .
The woman is at the Kentucky Derby .
A girl is trying to reconstruct her dead puppy while her cousin watches .
He is going to jump .
The two old men on the bench were talking about chess .
A female is thirsty while she waits to be rescue from the dock .
The little girl is trying to make her friend laugh before his karate match .
The children are getting along .
The necklace will be sold .
the woman is riding the bike .
the woman is an athlete
The mother and girl are posing for a picture .
A girl is enjoying her holiday weekend .
A man in jeans is sitting by a river with large koi fish .
Man tries fishing at a local fishing hole , unsucessfully .
There is a man and his dog at the park .
The farmer is selling some of his stock to a customer .
A woman is an artist .
It is a fantasy simulation .
Two children pose for a picture with the snowman they built .
The man is running an experiment .
The women are going on a voyage .
They are going on a submarine voyage .
The girl is the woman 's daughter .
Dogs are barking up a tree because they noticed a squirel .
Two dogs playing at the park .
The black dog is running to catch a ball .
A child wearing polka dots hold her mom 's hand as they walk to school .
A guy on a roof working on terracotta roof tiles of his home .
a young girl with a bruise on her face
The man is texting his friends .
The man loves baseball an goes to lots of games .
A father plays ball with his children on a grassy field .
The girl is wearing a pink ribbon .
A man wearing swimming trunks kicks a ball around with his son at the beach .
The woman is not near the boy
The woman and the boy are sitting near a wall and each other
They are outside on a beautiful day
Four men are on their way to a construction site .
The four men are in jackets to help clear out the road .
The bushes are getting trimmed by guys .
A goalie in the World Cup .
two kids are paid to kiss
The dog is a show dog , entertaining the crowd before the game .
The children are behaving
Rival teams compete for the ball .
A man is roaming the streets at night , drunk .
A woman appears to be beating a man in a sword fight .
a room full of kids crying at a movie .
The purse and bag that the woman is holding are of popular brands .
A father carries his daughter .
a woman and her son
Teenagers congregate in front of the old pharmacy to skateboard together .
A tall person on a bike
The woman is demonstrating a shark bite .
A man is walking down the sidewalk in Detroit .
A referee is returning with the football .
A guy is camping in the forest .
There are birds flying over the forest .
A woman is cutting carrots .
A woman is at the beach .
The group of friends are very happy .
A street vendor is selling delicious food to people .
A child is celebrating his favorite team with face paint .
A boy have clown make up on his face .
A man in denim shirt is smoking marbellos .
A woman is getting drunk .
A woman is drinking expensive wine .
A woman is on here way home .
A teenage boy is at a arcade and is about to play his favorite game .
The hockey sticks are a natural color .
The girls are practicing their music for the concert .
A wrestler won the fight .
The person is playing touch football .
The people watching the wrestlers are their parents and friends .
They fight for the championship belt in this final match
The couple just started dating .
A child and his three aunts are watching the skydiver in the sky .
The child feeds an apple to a deer .
Jeffs 30th birthday is not going well .
People sitting under a tent are cold while the other stands and tries to start a fire .
The game is the final one in the world cup
some people went out for burgers .
A young man photographs the Rocky Mountains .
The boy is wearing yellow swimming trunks .
Two people escape from a sinking ship in a river using a rowboat .
a boy skateboards with his sister .
A race car driver is racing in a big racing championship .
A male and a female bicyclist are racing for money as they pedal to the top of the mountain .
The people were talking about a game .
the young boy is tired .
The participant is in first place
He is ready to approach the dancing people .
A man is angry at the government .
The two teenagers are classmates .
The soccer players uniforms , while colorful are not very comfortable to wear .
The man is old .
The celebrities wave to the crowd .
the men are tall
A brother and sister have a dog between them .
A family has Thanksgiving dinner .
A couple is looking for a house .
The music is quiet .
People are trying to go about their day as causal as possible
A woman raises her hand as she walks in a parade for St. Patrick 's Day .
The man is painting a store sign .
Two women in bikinis are in San Francisco .
A woman poses next to her sister on halloween .
A man is sleeping through a rainstorm out on his boat .
the man is an army sergeant
The dogs are playing with the ball that the kids just broke .
Two men in awe .
they are standing in the rain
they are wait for food
The blue van belongs to the man .
A person is scared of the waves .
Two men are jumping from a plane .
An older man on a family vacation .
A child is making a wish on the dandelion seeds .
The square is full of people and activity during an annual festival .
The paint on the wall is wet .
A child is observing an artist doing his work .
A man is taking pictures on top of a roof .
The girls ' uniforms are solid white .
The schoolgirls are graduating soon .
A woman is cleaning something she has spilled .
The outfits are all black .
The police officer riding a horse is giving a man a ticket .
Players in the volleyball match fight for the glory of their country .
Asian workers are building a shed .
A young girl is watering the plants with fertilizer in the driveway .
A young girls is watering the plants next to the her dads cars .
A man is performing tricks on a bike .
A serviceman is looking at something scary
The man is laughing .
A funny human playing .
A group of sad boy scouts are standing in an alert position .
The African boys looks through the wooden bars , waiting for his captor .
A woman zips a wedding dress .
The women are sitting at a table .
A man and woman dance together to their favorite song .
the man is old
Two people spar using some form of martial arts .
A master is training their pupil in tae kwon do .
music is great
The woman is trying to get to her seat next to the group of seated people .
An Asian priest fanning a bush .
a priest has tattoos
A boy is waiting for his sister .
A fisherman is working hard on the dock
A woman walks to work .
A woman is waiting for a train .
A group of youths are baking some delicious brownies .
The group of women is jealous of another woman .
The child is paddling a rusty canoe in the river .
A man is walking down a colorful alleyway while talking on a cell phone .
A dog just fetched a ball
A man has a light black cap .
A man takes a break next to his freshly picked fruit .
A boy is waiting in line for the Ferris Wheel .
A boy attends a festival with rides .
Backside view of a South America street vendor happily tending to her oven .
The man is a professional athlete .
a man running with snowshoes on the snow looking for the lost girl
they are at the grnad prix
a woman calls her kids
A new puppy is learning how to get the items it 's owner wants .
Two elderly men having a conversation at the park .
Two elderly woman having a conversation with their children .
Two men are holding up car wash signs with kids .
A old man interact with his keys
Two sad girls are in line about to order at a Mexican eatery .
A rugby player tackles an opponent whose about to win the game .
A young man is looking intently at a young woman .
Woman practices for a swim meet in a local pool .
The girl is practicing for a swim meet .
A tall person smiling
A lady is about to attend a Halloween party .
The cliff is near the ocean
A butterfly costumed girl is standing on the stage .
The women are Spanish
woman is putting up a new movie title
The young woman works for the movie theater .
The surfers are pros .
A man is standing at an ATM machine .
A man and a woman are walking side by side down a narrow path underneath the stars .
A man floating on a river near a metropolitan area .
This is his first time skateboarding .
A chef with a tall hat is teaching a student .
The man is riding a 12-speed bike and wearing orange shirt and white shorts .
A biker leaps over a clad at a mountain bike show .
The men are very brave .
They are racing for a cash prize .
A boy and a woman are laughing about a joke he told .
A tourist is interacting with a New York City street performer on a sunny day .
Two construction workers on a cherry picker assisting other workers at a construction site .
A child wears water wings while swimming .
The boss is showing a man how to wash the bus while the worker relaxes and enjoys his duplicity .
The man is talking to his kid .
Some tall humans
The man is fixing the bike for his son .
A mom and her little girl are getting their faces painted at a local street fair and carnival .
He puts on his wizard robe and hat
The wizard casts a spell
The second person in line is nosy .
A man in khaki shorts is buying a snack .
There are people watching the skateboarder .
The man is upside down in the air .
A bulldog running outdoors while his owners watch .
A boy excited before bedtime .
A man is wearing a brown jacket .
A dog is having fun on a sunny day .
One person is kicking the rugby ball down the field .
A man standing at a kitchen counter looking at food that he made .
A hockey player warming up in the rink .
Four teenagers practicing for a basketball game .
A soccer ball spin dramatically past the goalie .
A couple are looking for their lost dog .
Men perform gymnastics tricks at a live show .
Tall humans in outfits
an artist works
A girl about to play tennis
Some travelers are at a train station waiting for their train to arrive .
a man on a motorcycle
The people swim in the ocean .
Three women play with their children 's leftover Christmas toys .
A man is walking a brown dog
The young man is at a barber shop .
A lady is carrying a big bag of flowers .
A female in dark shorts is tiredly pushing her mode of transportation down the road .
A husband and wife hold hands .
A young woman comes towards the steps to her apartment
A woman prepares to ascend the stairs
A pee-wee football team at practice
An old man sits against a wall , watching the people walk by .
An old man is outdoors .
There is a play going on .
A baby is waiting for his mother to give him a shower .
The bench is cold .
A woman is camping
A college aged woman is sitting by a spring .
the male is a black man
A female looking at a cell specimen
The children celebrate with the soldier who had just rescued them .
a sad child is playing with a green , white and red spinning toy that turning on the ground .
A jockey is riding a race horse in the Kentucky Derby .
The young man has a hunters hat on .
A girl looks in front of her mothers camera
A man just got married or engaged and a lady is congratulating him
The man is wearing pants .
The men are racing their horses to the finish line
People stand in the ocean waves .
Someone is having some fun .
a woman nibbles peanuts from her hand
a younger woman is looking at her phone
A child waits by the stairs of a haunted house .
The fountain is splashing the persons seated .
A black and white husky prepares to catch a Frisbee .
The men riding for pleasure .
Someone is grilling burgers .
The boy is doing tricks with his bike .
The boy can do a double flip on his bike .
A group of girls try to make their way through the crowd at a concert .
A girl is folding clothes to pack in a suitcase for vacation .
The girl has brown hair .
People wait for the trash collectors .
A group of people having a conversation at a festival .
Some women are cheering at a football game .
All of the women are wearing tracksuits .
The older women are singing .
There are two men posing for a photgraphy stunt .
The baby is happy because he is with his grandmother .
The lady in a black shirt has a piece of paper filled with lyrics in her hands .
A group of people are having a meal and having are sharing funny stories with one another .
Clerk waits in checkout line at Walmart .
The duo are singing a song .
A barber is waiting for customers in his shop .
There is a group of men who are all friends .
The team is racing a race .
They are ballerinas .
The woman is a designer
The child is smiling .
The girl is wearing a bikini .
The person in blue is winning .
The people are at a market .
The girl is in a ballet performance .
A skier took a great risk .
A skier slaloms by a red flag and viwed by public .
A line of schoolchildren preparing to board a bus after their field trip .
The baby is playing with the cup .
This lady is waiting for her father .
Cheerleaders doing a cheer
The child is trying to reach some candy .
A woman is smiling on her bicycle as cars drive past her .
The person might be going on an adventure .
The person is in a hat has a big bag while walking on a tough terrain .
2 women chat together on the grass at a park
A group of ladies leaves the hair salon .
Two girls from rival teams are participating in a softball game .
The scooters are electric .
People are racing dirt bikes in Ohio .
Three people are racing bikes for a prize .
The man is homeless .
Some workers walk near the tracks .
A small child is climbing a rock to see what 's on the other side .
The car honks its horn .
The people are outside
There are products on the furniture .
People are picking out the items they want .
A crowd of people are going shopping at their local spring festival .
People are looking at something .
People are in the middle of the Christmas rush .
She is on her way to work .
A couple work together to repair their television set .
The woman in the blue shirt is looking at paintings in a museum .
A man owns a blue bicycle .
A man owns a bicycle .
The cyclist is in a bicycle race .
A man prepares for his event in the olympics .
A girl holds a piece of colored paper .
racing on a wet road at night .
The woman is juggling to practice for the talent show .
The man tries to learn how the person performs the snowboarding trick .
The children are all boys .
The people are on a family camping trip .
A woman out in the forest .
Two people are taking baby announcement photos .
Women are trying to drive home .
The lady is watching tv in her white T shirt and points at the geyser on the TV .
The women points her daughter to the geyser .
The man is performing at a concert
Wedding party portrait with bride and groom .
The dog is practicing balancing on one leg .
A group of dancers is about to dance for a school competition
A group of dancers are preparing
A girl is drinking through a straw on a humid day .
A man has an intimate conversation on a cellphone behind bleachers .
A man talks to a friend under the bleachers .
Four people in a kitchen cooking a meal at a restaurant .
A photographer is taking pictures of people for a sports magazine .
The child is wearing black .
Four people are looking at paintings of dogs .
A girl is swinging toward the water to jump in .
An old person is next to a car .
A dog is playing catch outside .
The man and dog are in a competition .
A woman is eating ice cream on the beach .
The women are friendly
a obese woman walks home
A man is waiting for his friend to catch up .
A man is in an urban location .
A man is pulling his ice cream cart .
A tall person singing
There is a very loud concert going on .
The trolley makes a rickety noise while moving .
Three sad woman are standing in a room .
Man is going for a swim .
A race car is winning the race .
The cars are going around a curve and can see the finish line .
car making a lap of the ground
The man waved at the camera for the photographer .
She ate the chocolate milk poweder unmixed
The man is playing Clarinet .
The man sitting down is a musician .
Two children are diving off a high rock into a small river .
Two girls walk through downtown .
Some kids take public transit .
People are planting lilacs .
A man is sitting and reading .
The group of people are rolling dough with their rolling pins for their pies .
A flash mob performs an impromptu dance .
A man is teaching a boy how to swim .
A boy is wearing a shirt and holding paper .
There is a man imitating a fish by blowing bubbles in the bathtub .
The four construction workers are working on a high rise building .
He is running .
A young boy is bowling in a tournament .
The two men are wearing swimshorts .
A group of friends are getting coffee together .
A race at a dirt track .
A man is going down a river in a kayak .
A female military scientist looking through a microscope .
Some people walking across the street holding large flags are part of a parade .
A middle-aged Asian lady is cooking dumplings .
a bunch of people wait in stalls
a farmers market is about to open
The family is having an outing at the beach .
The snowboarder is a man .
A man is rowing fast .
A boy buys tomatoes and broccoli from a man .
The young man is adored by the crowd .
The man is wearing pants .
The children are outside in the cold .
Workers are preparing their dinner meal
A jeep is riding behind cyclists to time them .
The women are rivals .
The young boy is being supervised by his mom .
She is working in a school cafeteria .
The woman woman wearing the hairnet is getting her hair done at the salon .
Horses are jumping over a hurdle in the last race of the day .
A couple of kids are playing in the forest .
Some kids are playing in the backyard .
The t-shirt is moldy .
A man is volunteering
The men are wearing jeans .
A mom and son walking the streets searching for his dad passed out in a gutter .
The people are in a play
The biker rode up the hill towards his friend .
A child is playing hide and seek .
Man biking with his friends in half pipe with graffiti on cement .
The man is in a race
man looking at a statue
Some people are playing professional ping-pong
A man playing a gold saxophone in New York City .
The person owns an iPhone .
A man is biking to work .
Three people participate in a water rescue class .
People are going to a Halloween party .
A man is taking a nap outside .
the dog is having fun
The freckles are all over the bridge of her nose .
Two dogs chasing a stick in the lake .
There are women at a yoga retreat .
The crowd of people are asian .
The girl is outside .
She is playing hopscotch .
The rider is wearing a helmet .
The kids are playing a card game .
The man is wearing a helmet .
A dog is running towards his owner
A mother an father posing for wedding pictures with the newlyweds .
The woman is cooking dinner .
A great man making music .
Workers are fixing a sewage leak .
A clown showing off for a lady he has a crush on .
A girl is on the beach with friends .
A large bearded man takes a nap on a bench .
A woman carrying her groceries home
The girl ca n't stand the ocean
A woman is buying goods for a party .
A woman is out shopping .
A dog is competing in a contest
The airplane is in the sky .
The people are wearing shorts .
Three men by the ocean .
Three men by the beach in the rain .
The man just lost his job playing Oscar the Grouch at Sesame Place because he kicked a child .
Two men are at a bar .
The pedestrian is out for a nice walk .
A woman is taking notes .
A woman is writing a letter to her mother .
Someone is showing a girl something at the circus .
The car was sabotaged
A kneeling cowboy and two of the wild horses he just caught drink from a pool of water .
A person is performing for a screaming audience of fans .
The man and woman are holding hands .
a group of metal musicians play hardcore music
A woman dances while a group of people purposely ignore her .
The young lady is working out .
The lady is asian .
A man performing in a play looks down at the audiance as the band and dancers move in the background .
The people are walking up the ramp to a store .
A man is painting the outside of a watch repair booth .
The group is wearing bright clothing .
A jazz funeral is taking place .
a man curled on the pavement because he is injured
Four women are looking at their cellphones while the wait in a long line .
The man in the black hoodie is a robber .
A bridal party gets together outside a stone building during the weekend .
There are two men in shallow water in kayaks .
There is a salesman at the door .
The performance was exiting .
A man painting his father in-laws home .
A woman is standing in store .
A woman is window shopping for purses .
The men are tired
A woman is getting ready for her performance in the dressing room .
A couple men are on a basketball court .
There are two men with a basketball .
The runner is an olympian .
The boy crossed several levels by playing with sincerity and full concentration
Crafts are being done poorly .
people playing a game on a hot summer day
A woman is walking towards her car .
Two ladies are having lunch on the restaurant patio .
Sisters have their weekly lunch together .
The woman is a seamstress .
The woman is sewing .
People gathering to pray for a friend .
They are performing a religious ceremony .
Three men in matching jackets are standing together , one looking at a nearby person , the other two looking at a phone .
They are cooking .
They are making lunch .
The chef is world-famous , and is trying out new recipes to possibly include in her next cookbook .
He is wearing red shorts .
dog leaping from a snake
Three people climb a ladder to rescue soemone .
The boy is doing a skateboard trick
Two people are enjoying a day with their dog
A man plays with his son .
The little dog is restrained by the woman holding the leash
The woman holds the leash to prevent the little dog chasing the cat
The man is performing in a concert .
A market street filled with people walking and riding bikes .
Musicians are spreading their passion on stage
People are on a beach in Oregon .
There is a baby girl in the stroller .
The man is upside down .
Two women have scarves on .
A man reads a book about sports while working .
A man takes a break from his job to read .
The seagulls are trying to find a place to land after the huge storm .
People are talking to the camera crew on the street .
Three women observe as several men attempt to fix bikes .
A child is with his mum and crying .
A father reads to his children , as they slowly doze off .
A man is holding his babies while posing for a picture .
There is a woman dressed in red that is warm and fanning herself
A woman in red is trying to give away fans
The dogs are both brown .
A wife holds the baby while her husband stands nearby .
A man in a black hat spending time with his dog beneth tree in a park .
The lady is buying some avocados and lettuces
A man in a chef hat cooks chicken on a red grill , while other men are eating and giving thumbs up in the background .
A group of people standing on blue and white rafts .
Two sad people are walking up a mountain .
The woman is posing for a magazine .
A man wearing a horned hat smiles and poses for a photograph
A man is drinking at a social gathering
The woman is waiting on a friend .
The children are playing a game .
A man is outside on a cloudy day in front of a store .
A man is conducting business outside of a store .
a silly girl plays near a water bucket
The skateboarder is wearing a hat on a cold day .
Children are feeding a horse getting ready to ride them .
The man is taking his wife and daughter on a motorcycle trip .
Man putting on a show for his ex girlfriend
The kids are playing a song .
A young man is working on the electrical wiring for a new factory .
A gloved young man is controlling the remote for an RC car .
A woman has baked a chocolate frosted cake for the boys birthday .
The man is a drum instructor .
The person is enjoying an evening bowling .
A woman in a white dress had her leg amputated and has stopped to read a poster showing a wheelchair .
Soccer players are jumping in the air after their big win .
The young man is standing on his scooter and his little brothers scooter simultaneously .
A man is holding a young boy .
The man is showing his son where he grew up .
Tall people dancing
A man is giving a piano lesson .
A man is playing whose is in a band is playing an electric guitar .
A girl leaps up to pick a fruit from a tree in the woods .
Three workers slowly bent over
Three workers bent over backwards
The person is paid to clean them .
A woman cuts her clothes to ribbons .
A woman wakes up .
The biker in black leather has spiky blond hair .
a man is competing in the olympics
Six workers are completing repair on a train track .
a boy is coloring for a man
A man is sitting on a bench .
a muslim sits on a bench
A married couple exercises together .
The girl is about to play with some friends .
The girl is at a theme park .
A young boy in a cowboy hat is holding a hamburger .
They are going to an opera .
A group of people just went grocery shopping
The surboard the man is on is yellow .
The woman is modeling for a commercial .
A deer passes by the man as he rode his bike into the woods .
The man was curious to see what was in the woods .
A brown dog with a red object in its mouth is hurrying down a smooth path near grass and another brown dog .
A black and white dog is running across a field .
A dog runs along a pond attempting to catch to elegant geese swimming .
A man is playing a sport in a stadium
They are on a trampoline .
Some people are stretching before a competition .
A woman is stretching by doing the splits .
The dog is swimming to its owner .
A boy is snowboarding down a large hill .
A man has a light blue colored uniform .
Young man is engraving into a stone while his family looks on .
The girl is walking to her parents .
A dog returns a stick to its owner .
A man is late for a meeting with his wife .
The woman is at a concert .
Two young men wearing traditional mariachi dress are playing the trumpet on a stage in front of a crowd .
A man is entertaining a crowd by playing classical music on the sidewalk
Inside the office building several people composed articles on their computers
Girls try to get back the money they threw into the fountain .
An old man is buying some chocolate .
The person got hurt playing basketball .
A girl playing water polo in the pool .
The stick is brown
Tall humans trying to fish .
Group of men trying to catch fish with a fishing net .
The group of chefs that happened to be passing by attempting to talk a girl dressed in black on the ledge of a balcony into not jumping .
The sleds slide easily on the powdery snow
The people are wearing heavy jackets .
The men are practicing riding for a movie they are going to be in .
A dog chasing a squirrel in the snow .
A man is being bitten by a dog while walking .
Santa is photographed with a young child at a holiday media event .
Santa Claus is the center of attention as usual .
A boy being handed a baton by his mother in a race .
People are walking to a special place only they know about .
All of the people in the photo are women .
The child is a toddler .
The peace corp people are helping the black kid dig a hole to find gold .
The woman one the javelin competition .
The javelin competition was cancelled due to rain .
The group is gathered to take turns performing a ritual dance .
A small dark-haired boy wearing a blue shirt is climbing in a large tree with a tree house in it .
A small family unit is bathing at a pool .
The water bottle contains soda .
The women are on a cruise having a good time .
Two people are looking down from the roof .
Men are waiting for a party at an old house .
A college student is carrying bags .
A cat waits for a mouse .
The man is tired .
A boyfriend and girlfriend enjoy a date of riding their bikes through the park .
A man is fishing for trout .
A tall person with a wrench
The person is skydiving with others
A baseball player slides into home .
A boy hanging with his friends
a man gives a lecture
Cheerleaders cheering at a tournament .
Kids eating icecream out of bowls .
Four men are racing their boat for pink slips .
A group of rich aristrocrats are yacthing and are annoyed by four men riding in a fast boat .
The man is drinking water after riding a bicycle .
The man is drinking water indoors .
The men are fighting over a girl .
She is eating a corn dog .
The car is being repaired .
A fresh catch right off the boat has been delivered for sale to the market .
Then men are performing a play .
They are playing with each other .
A person is on a walk .
A child watches a friend slide down the slide , excited to slide down herself .
A boy is running to school in the street .
A man sitting under an umbrella on the beach is waving at others .
a young girl is building and painting for her mother
A female with her triplets .
The boy loves chocolate .
The elderly people are walking their poodles in the park .
The elderly people are a married couple holding hands .
A girl is walking through the Canadian tundra .
They are going to get blisters
She looks nice .
They are singing a capella .
Someone in the photo is wearing a hard hat .
The girls are sisters .
Photographers trying to get the perfect photo before the daylight fades .
The man is trying to see his phone in the sun .
The man is sitting on the sidewalk as others walk by him .
A blond woman walks toward the gas station .
The lead singer in a popular band is checking vocals for the upcoming show .
the dog is chasing after a rabbit
A swimmer is drying off
The man is wearing goggles .
a person in a uniform does something
Lady give a speech in the House of Representatives .
A nurse is in training .
An old man and his nurse are listening to the musician play .
The boy is near his home .
the lady is getting food for her husband
Two people are hugging .
Some funny animals
Men are cheering for their hockey team .
People are turned away from the camera looking at a parade in the street .
The drummer is doing a solo .
The sun is reflecting off the windows of the red building .
A golfer is competing in an important tournament .
A dog found a bone
A dog is looking for a spot to hide his bone
Girl wearing sunglasses smiling at a friend .
The player is female
Black puppies are frolicking among the freshly fallen snow .
There is a lady putting a crown on her statue .
A man is walking to the train station .
The young man is at the skating rink .
A woman is enjoying a game of tennis with her best friend .
The volleyball game is being held on the beach .
The two men are inspectors for the FDA , waiting to inspect the second level of the pharmaceutical plant .
A brother and sister are playing in their band at a festival .
Leaving the amusment park with a giant teddy bear .
The girl has a red bucket of water .
The girl is outside .
A young girl raising money by washing a car .
A boy and his dog walk through the lawn looking for toys .
The crowd at the park cheer as the large dog catch the Frisbee in its mouth , which is quite impressive .
The people at the park are not impressed with the dog playing Frisbee , as misses the catch .
a man is holding a racing flag
A man trying to buy a new car from someone .
The dog is large
A woman is competing soon .
A woman is making her husband a meal .
A crowd of people are watching a breakdancer pull over his signature moves
A child holds bright sparklers in the dark .
Children playing in a park .
A tall person in a vest
Football players are wrestling in mud .
Two men are racing around a lake
Skier walking up hill towards the ski lift .
The food plate was the first meal the man will have today .
A lady waits on a man in the general store .
The man and woman are a couple .
A bridesmaid is telling a story about the bride 's childhood .
It is the lady 's birthday .
A basset hound is running .
An old man getting his shoes shined .
The group of people are looking up .
A soldier has his mouth covered by the American flag .
Men play soccer on the field
A sad man wearing lime green pants and shirt working on a sign .
An Olympic swimmer exits the pool .
A woman is talking on her phone with her boyfriend .
The women are holding a umbrella because it is raining on them .
Multple people are using the subway to get to work .
A tall person pushing a cart
A woman is waiting for someone .
A woman is sitting on her bed , getting dressed for work .
The crowd is cheering them on .
An old woman is eating at a diner .
They are trying to reach something high up .
A gentleman in a striped shirt joyously gesturing
Several fireman are putting out a fire on a gray roof .
A man and a woman are out walking their dogs while chatting .
There has been so much snow that the city had to buy more traffic cones .
A man is surfing out on the ocean .
The snowboarder is on a ski lift .
The snowboarder is a professional .
A person is happily playing a drum .
madonna is singing at a concert
a man stole the 2012 olympic torch and runs from a police officer
a man carries the 2012 olympic torch down a street while a person in a car tries to pass him
a boy on his skateboard he got for Christmas
Her friends are telling her to hurry up and put her jacket on .
They prepare to go home after a delicious meal
A small group of adults and children stand happily on a cobblestone street .
The tiny white car with the Obama bumper sticker was almost hit by the train , however , the car managed to barely avoid the collision .
An female astronamer looking toward the stars through her telescope .
A woman looking through a telescope toward the sky .
Four sad girls look at objects under a microscope .
The women are dating .
They are sports rivals .
A man talks on his iphone .
A man is entertaining others with his dance knowledge .
The man was playing the guitar on the street .
A man is getting his uniform dirty by sliding to base .
A woman watching a street performer play guitar .
Elderly woman stops to look at a sales window .
a kid stands near modern art
Scientists are interpreting experimental findings .
Two boys are drawing pictures with pink chalk .
There are two boys drawing lewd pictures in chalk on the ground .
The firefighter is going to put out a fire .
A fire eater is performing in front of a crowd in Toronto .
The woman is using different colors
The child has no legs .
People caught in a snow storm
Two men are sitting and smoking .
A woman is on vacation .
A tall person with a scarf
The park is crowded
Two small children are unhappy with the opening of their presents .
A gray dog is relaxing in his home .
A gray dog is chewing a toy .
women are playing basketball
women are playing a big 12 conference game
A rival hockey game is happening .
A man tries out his new tricks on a ski slope
The boy watching has a broken leg .
A person is herding his cattle on his ranch .
A woman wearing sunglasses holds two newspapers as she leaves the minimart and heads home .
A husband and wife stand under an umbrella .
The man is painting a copy of the Mona Lisa .
A policeman is keeping people away from a crime scene .
These peopel are all family members .
A group of people are gather around a meeting room table .
People stand in line for food at a festival .
The man and woman are on a date .
There is a dog standing in the park .
The child has paint all over their hands .
the police are waiting
A man with a blue cap on is performing a skateboard trick in front of a crowd of people .
The pro skater works his moves while his fans watch
A young mother tries to grab her topless child from a water foutain before she attracts attention
