The church has cracks in the ceiling .
The woman is young .
A man poses in front of an ad for beer .
The statue is offensive and people are mad that it is on display .
A man is performing for cash .
A doctor is studying
A man watches his daughter leap
A young man and woman take their child to the beach for the first time .
The couple is married .
The man is reading the sportspage .
Three firefighters putting out a fire inside of a subway station .
A person is selling coconuts .
The guy wearing a blue jacket is laying on the green grass taking a nap .
A first time roper falls off his horse .
The boy is playing on the swings after school .
An archeologist wearing a hat squats to examine the site for a dig
Two children are building a brick furnace .
a busy man stands with bodyguards
The two girls play in the Autumn .
Some people look visually afraid to jump .
A snowboarder gliding over a field of snow
A snowmobile in a blizzard
The lady is weeding her garden
A man learns bike maintenance .
A man is deciding which bike to buy
A child wearing a red top is standing behind a pretty blond headed child
An old lady pushing a stroller down a busy street .
A pet is enjoying a game of fetch with his owner .
People at a party are seated for dinner on the lawn .
A group of people are playing in a symphony .
A woman is playing a concert .
three men going to work
A sedan was turning a corner as walkers were crossing .
The crowd is calling for help for the people on the roof .
A woman is working in a factory .
Girls talking about their problems next to lockers .
An elderly female is stalking a male .
Two kids are hugging after surviving a horrible car wreck .
A couple of child relatives were hugging because they were happy to see each other .
A large number of men walking down the street in red and white .
The man is test driving a motorcycle to decide whether or not he will buy it .
indian women are performing a religious ritual together
The swimmer almost drowned after being sucked under a fast current .
A man in a wetsuit walks out of the water carrying a surfboard .
The extended family hike together on their family reunion .
A woman paints a portrait of her best friend .
A woman paints a portrait of a person .
There is a woman painting for fun .
The man is pointing at a purse snatcher .
The women were walking downtown because the buses were on strike
The people are having a chat before going into the work building .
A flight attendant is standing in front of passengers .
A flight attendant is demonstrating safety procedures before takeoff .
Girls were going to the park .
The men are at church .
A child in a wagon rolls down a hill .
a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house 's raised foundation as construction occurs
Bruce Springsteen is from Florida .
Bruce Springsteen is gay
Six dogs swim across the river .
A man and woman take selfies while a woman walks by and judges them .
They are doing the tango .
Men sit on the bus going to work ,
Two sad men climbing on a wooden scaffold .
The duck is swimming in the lake .
A young boy is playing in the field because his mother kicked him out of the house .
They are going fishing .
The person is a woman .
The child is on the steps inside the library .
The player has a tattoo that says mother .
The boy does n't want to see his reflection .
The man is cold .
An old woman has a light jean jacket .
several young people sitting outside
several young people sitting in a school courtyard
The childs mom is watching her son with her friends .
A blonde woman is singing and dancing on the stage .
The lady wearing a jacket is looking for her lost dog .
People are standing near water with a large blue boat heading their direction .
Two couples eat food on a kitchen floor .
The dog is thinking about going to for a swim .
An older man is leaning outside his nursing home
A person is waiting for a train .
The girl is eating blue cotton candy at a carnival .
The girl in a blue dress is a flower girl at a wedding .
A famous NBA player is playing street ball in front of a crowd .
An angry military veteran watches as people protest the war .
A woman riding a bike to work .
A young boy showing his new skateboard tricks to his friends .
He is wearing a button-up shirt .
A girl in a red coat makes a snow angel for the first time .
A group of humans are looking at the same direction .
A group of friends are watching the music concert at night .
A person is enjoying a sporting event .
The girl is drinking an alcoholic beverage .
A man in a black shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up the old meat he took out of a bag .
A person in red is moving grass on a John Deer motor .
Froends ride in an open top vehicle together .
Two men have just come in from fishing all day
The woman is a model .
The man is from Alaska .
A woman is on her phone sitting in a room .
Teammates are competing in a softballs championship .
The biker loses the race
The boys are siblings playing with each other .
The men caught many fish .
The plants are ferns
Two teams from rival colleges are in the fourth quarter of a game .
A lineman is trying to tackle the quarterback before he makes the game winning touchdown .
A man is playing with friends .
The dogs are friends .
The people are going up on the escalator .
A woman is at work .
A boy rides a horse by two cows .
Children enjoying a birthday party .
Children at a birthday party .
The people performing are part of a chorus .
A few men are fishing on a boat .
The child on the swing is a girl .
The man is in the kitchen of a restaurant .
Serina Williams plays tennis .
12 ladies play volleyball
A mother and her son ride bikes with others down a street .
A group of friends are biking through a street , all wearing their helmets
A woman dressed in black shops for a bicycle .
Young boys waiting for their soccer game .
The man is testing the bike .
The couple is going to climb the mountains .
The man can hear the construction going on .
The boy is good at tennis .
A golden retriever nurses some other dogs puppies
The young man is at his grandmothers house .
The railing is in front of a frozen lake .
A man was wearing a jacket in winter .
The man pleads for mercy .
The man wearing the vest is walking down the street .
A man is trying to earn money by playing for other people on the street .
Two people are discussing their relationship .
a small boy holds a kettle that will soon be filled with salsa
People and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk to get home .
Two women in dresses are getting ready for the picnic .
The woman is a professional photographer
Four kids pose during summer vacation .
There are men drinking beer at a sports bar .
Two men are placing construction cones in preparation of a new pipeline building .
An artist relaxes in her studio .
The children are martial arts students .
They are in Hawaii .
There alot of motorcyclists on this road .
The pedistrians are waiting for a parade to come through this busy street .
A woman is wearing a bright orange blouse and a green hat .
A bunch of people are in a wooden object on the water .
A group of people are rowing towards some islands while one of them fishes .
A woman is protesting in the street .
A man who kidnap a baby is petting a pony .
A man and his daughter are petting a pony .
men are talking on the side of the road
A black dog wearing a blue collar is chasing something into the water .
A girl is standing outside .
The children are at camp .
Some kids splash in the water and interact with each other .
They are wearing lifejackets
A climber pulls himself up 5000 feet up over a forest
A man has on climbing gear .
Two bald women with glasses .
A man is collecting cans to recycle
The shoemaker is wealthy .
THe woman is giving homework to the children .
The girl is jumping to catch the frisbee .
The ladies are in a marathon .
A boy is in danger of falling into water .
A clever person balancing .
A guy is going skateboarding today .
A young boy is sleeping at a sleep over .
He is reading the newspaper .
He is jewish .
A tall human jumping .
The children are muddy .
Four girls are swimming .
The man is throwing something to his son .
Someone recording a young boy as he auditions for a part in a movie .
A group of people play in the ocean .
A group of people sit on the beach .
A mother is helping her child complete the experiment .
Two woman are trying to finish orders from a doctor
Two men are fighting outside a bar .
Parents gathers for a local high school concert
Players are wearing helmet .
They are playing hockey
A man is wearing a blue shirt .
Mountain biker competes in off-road race .
Mountain biker enjoying the local trails .
Two men are recording a cooking tutorial .
THE COUPLE ARE EATING STEAK
A woman is walking towards a bus stop .
a group of people wait
a group of people stand
The sign the woman is holding states that `` Freedom is free . ''
the boy is ten years old
The man and woman are married .
The woman has an important meeting today in the building .
A woman watches a mother speak to her young son .
A man and woman are eating a hotdog at a baseball game .
The employee is wearing a blue shirt .
A man is hammering the final shingle on a roof .
Seven men and women are in a yellow boat .
They were playing soccer .
The boys just won their soccer game
A naked red haired man on a bike on a busy street .
Two research scientists conduct research in disguise .
the dog is a chihuahua
Two friends sit against a wall with their pet dog .
A woman is doing a handstand on the balance beam .
The three women are best friends .
A man getting ready to play golf .
The woman has her hair pulled back in a bun .
Boys are playing outside .
A father is buying his daughter ice cream .
Some sailors get in a sailboat .
The fire is large .
The villagers are preparing to go fishing .
The crowd of people are shopping at a street market that sells fruits .
A child is screaming at the person that almost hit her taxi cab .
a woman stands with her child
A boy swims while a seagull shits on the sand .
Some people are by the side of a swimming pool partying .
Some people are holding beers in the picture .
People were celebrating at a Christmas themed party .
The morning rush hour fills the streets with busy people .
the player is pretty
The people are both males .
The people are unique .
The people are creative .
The woman in black is being fired via text message .
A few people walk with a man in uniform .
A mother and daughter are walking home .
The boy is falling off of his bicycle .
Three dogs are running in the daytime
Three lifeguards are haning from the boar , trying to save the dog from drowning .
two people go to work in a blizzard
the man is watching the stars
A man is recreating the Mona Lisa outside in front of a crowd .
A young man does a flip off a wall and wares baggie clothes .
The two dogs are running to play in the leaves .
A man is trying his best at the national championship of baton .
Gymnasts get ready for the biggest competition of their life .
A man is going to surprise his wife with dinner .
A man is atop of a building .
a child opens a present on his birthday
A young boy jumps onto his friends sand castle at a playground .
Two boys reading a book about spiderman .
The man is an amish man .
A blond little boy is cutting out little stars for his little sister .
The female awaiting the man leaping is his sister .
The woman balancing a basket on her head is heading to her neighbors house .
A tourist checking out Seattle .
the man is at an art gallery
The blue soccer team is playing its first game of the season .
Two children are sitting shirtless indoors
Two young children are playing with each other and giggling while playing with markers
fishermen at the dock
The boy is on a science field trip .
A person is performing a trick at the circus .
a child in a black ninja suit does a kick
Men are having a conversation outside .
A person is sitting outside
A man is cooking for his friends .
A man is cooking dinner for his family in a bunch of pots .
A man is with a cowboy
The road is dangerous for the four women to try to walk on because it is covered in ice .
People love the music
A man is shooting a gun outside with his friends .
They are college football players .
Five men watch tv .
Some guys are in a living room .
The man is sitting in front of a school .
A family reunion is in progress as relatives sit at tables and write down each other 's addresses .
A person makes dinner .
Four women enjoying rollerskating .
Workers cleaning up after St Patrick 's Day .
The young girl is having fun .
The car is going on a trip .
There are two guys above the water .
Two guys are on a lake .
The women are older
A long-haired boy riding his skateboard at a fast pace over a stone wall with graffiti .
a black dog with a toy is being based by a brown dog
A woman and her kids climb up the stairs
The woman is a super model .
The dog is a chihuahua .
A dog is taking something to its owner .
Two men are cutting wood to build a table .
two strong men work to saw the oak log
The men are novices at martial arts .
The ladies are kickboxing .
The child is playing a game for fun .
The man is riding a dirt bike .
People are hanging out together
People are taking a picture
A group of men , and women look at fresh romaine lettuce in at the local street market .
Group of people being filmed purchasing vegetables for a market 's advertisement .
An Asian man is selling food .
A man is repairing a dam .
Two dogs hiding in the yard together .
The dress was a gift .
Actors who are also martial arts experts face off as opponents with the good guy in brown and black and the bad guy wearing red and a black hat .
The child is a boy .
The cameras are cheap .
The man in the red helmet is winning his bicycle race .
The dog is playing tug of war with a stick .
The tree appears to be dead .
A child players with her father 's boots while he is at work .
A red slide on the patio is next to a small swing set .
the lioness is hungry
The female gymnast is training for the Olympics .
the lady digs into the ground for gold
A girl happily uses the equipment at a playground .
A skateboarder is preparing for the new season .
A tourist has his picture taken on Easter Island .
The man is reaching for his wife .
Three women make cupcakes for a bake sale .
Guys are working near a wall and it starts raining .
The horses are both brown .
A skier teaching others a trick
The dog is running outside
The big dog is playing with a toy .
A black family selling fresh produce in an outdoor market
A group of kids are outdoors .
A group of kids are playing in the city park .
The man is on his way to class .
A person is waiting for the train .
The man is confused because he does n't know where he is .
The man are putting on their attire before going into the cold weather .
The dogs are in the backyard .
A surfer is being flung in to the waves after hiting a large crest .
The man works at E.S.E Electronics .
Man takes a picture with advertiser after purchasing their brand of liquor at a store they are promoting .
A crowd of people are headed to work .
A girl is brushing a horse after coming back from a ride in the snow .
The girl is outside .
A group of people walk through tear gas .
The Asian woman is eating ice cream .
A girl is playing a sport in which she is jumping over a hurdle .
The woman is sitting next to someone .
The kids are playing tag .
A man is sitting on a truck at a gas station .
The photographer is being paid to photograph wild stallions .
This person is going to the waterfall
A robber is in a police car .
The horse tripped on a rock .
The person is clearing their snowed up driveway
Workers wearing orange are about to repair rail tracks .
A man is on on skis on the mountain .
A skateboarder is at a skatepark with his friends showing off his moves .
a boy is giving his brother a piggyback ride in the park
A woman is teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding green and red scarves .
There is a child getting naked in the water .
There is a naked child in the water .
The two boys are swimming and catching a wave
A man is talking to a lady about the weather .
Three girls are laughing
The people are at a school .
The men are walking to the park .
A tall person running
Three children are swearing at an illuminated water art display
Kids are playing at the fountain at a local mall .
A woman had a tennis racquet .
A woman is getting ready to box
A woman is getting up to get some water
The announcement for the beach is a warning .
The helmet has a stripe on it .
A couple are having a picnic in a park .
There are hot dogs and hamburgs on the grill .
The kids like science .
A group of coaches are showing their team the scoreboard .
A dog chases a rabbit .
A jump roping girl .
A girl jumps high .
The man was holding the door for his girlfreind
Some kids are looking at an insect on the kitchen table .
A skateboarder is doing tricks for a competition .
A skateboarder is taking pictures of himself with his phone .
A snowman is being photographed with its creator .
A baby is running in her big sisters flip-flops .
The kid is riding a bike .
Young children open presents under a large Christmas tree .
A buisness man is talking a walk on his lunchbreak .
A mother dog checking up on her baby puppy .
A stock broker is speaking at a Wall Street conference .
A woman stands outside of two art shops deciding which one to go into on a street corner .
The person is in a race .
The person is riding a big wheel .
The man is on his cell phone .
The married couple stood under the umbrella .
A family poses for a Christmas picture .
A man is shopping in a grocery store .
A woman is wearing a polka dot outfit , in the middle of a dangerous scene , passing out orange juice .
A show dog is showing tricks for the judges .
A man with a goatee does a backflip on a skateboard .
The woman is chatting with her friend .
A popular football team in California has many fans .
The 49ers are ready to play versus their rivals .
A man in an army uniform is meeting a foreign civilian in the war zone .
A carpenter is having some fun during his break .
The person under the blanket is dead .
The man was taking pictures of nature .
A man wearing glasses in smiling at a concert .
Men are selling hotdogs on the sidewalk .
People are watching the flowers blossom
The three men were in a band together
A man leads a cow to be milked .
Soldiers are holding guns and peeking around an extremely small building .
There are people patiently awaiting a firefight .
Soldiers are on guard as they 're waiting for someone to steal documents inside the building .
Soldiers are being told to guard a building .
The boss watches as the employee reads the memo .
a woman enjoying a florida beacj
a woman at a beach
A man is looking out onto his front lawn from the doorway of his home .
The man is cleaning the fish that he caught so he can cook it .
The couple poses together .
Women are outside riding horses as their families watch them from the other side of the farm .
People wearing cool-weather clothing because of the excessive wind .
A bully tries to pop a balloon without being caught in the act .
A man is disguise as he dances with someone .
A couple dances in a competition .
The pitcher wants to strike out the last player on the team .
A dog is at the park with it 's owner .
A group of people play a competitive game of Frisbee .
The men are on their way to a rescue .
The musician singing the song is asian .
The white dog is with it 's owner .
A dog runs through some water to catch a stick .
A girl is wearing a cap .
The lady cooks meat
A person walks outside with an umbrella in his hand .
The boy is wearing shorts .
There is salt on the pretzels .
A woman is performing at a concert .
A man eats his last marshmallow as his friend begs for a bite , but he does n't give in .
A lady shopping .
The man talks to his son the clown .
A mom and a son spending time together on their weekend supervised visit .
A car does a burnout in front of thousands of onlookers .
A man trims a tree
The man tries to make some money from tips .
The animals are playing catch .
a girl on her cellphone lying on the ground next to a dog
A man is using a hammer in a room .
A woman spends time with her brand new puppy
Tall humans standing
Two girls are happy and getting into the spirit of Christmas .
daddy is old
A boy on a skateboard riding down the street his house is on .
A man wearing strange clothing is being stared at by shoppers .
Someone told a joke .
A group of girls are having fun .
Girls are at school .
Shipyard workers are waiting on the docks
Shipyard workers are standing on the docks
A woman points at the man she is talking about .
The trees are ready for spring .
There is a man outdoors playing an instrument
The man in the black suit is planning on robbing the man in blue next to him .
People are racing up a hill .
People are hiking threw a woods .
A group of men are preparing for a concert .
Laura Bush gets ready to address a heated issue
Laura Bush is giving a talk about the importance of literacy to young people .
The two men wearing hula grass skirts are Hawaiian .
Times Square is packed .
College kids wait in line for concert tickets .
An extreme kayaker steers the treacherous waters
Two men playing with a Frisbee .
The young swimmer wades out into the water at the start of his team practice .
A lumberjack poses with a tree he 's about to chop down
A man is waiting for someone
The woman is contemplating buying a new outfit .
Military personnel are in the mall .
Military personnel are buying groceries .
Both dogs are female .
The man is talking to his friend on the phone
It is noon .
There are people at the hospital .
A chef is near a food truck .
A mother and her child ride home from work .
The matador will feel sorry for the bull
The angry bull is attacking the matador and quite rightly so
The raging bull is going to stamp the matador to pieces
The woman is dreaming of a modeling career while working in the jewelry shop .
Male actors are putting on a play in a theater .
Two brothers hold torches to celebrate .
A man showing how to slice a coconut next to a stump to other people going around
A man is at the doctor .
A young woman is smiling and looking away from the camera .
A boy reads a mystery book .
People speak a variety of different languages .
The Elderly people are crossing the crosswalk .
The elderly people are walking to a restaurant .
An older woman is trying to see a billboard that is far away
A man is sick next to the toilet .
The people are partaking in a Japanese funeral tradition .
A young man shows a group of people the black web painted on his face .
The man has his face painted for a Halloween event .
A man taking a break
A boy in light green pajamas plays .
The young boy is asleep while the woman is watching television .
The older woman behind the young boy is his mother .
Bob takes his infant daughter for a family photo .
Team members were practicing on a basketball court while large crowd watched .
Some people are attending an outdoor book sale .
People are standing on a sidewalk .
A woman vendor gazes into the distance .
The ambulance has its sirens on
Galina is winning the race .
The man holing the painting is making sure he painted the dog correctly
A man does magic tricks .
A sad man walks along with a can of soda in his hand .
They are pushing it off a cliff to cover up a crime .
These men pushing the car off a cliff is from a scene in the movie Fargo .
Two kids are in a swimming race .
The women are in a parade .
The women are performing a play .
A young boy has fun playing outdoors .
A rugged man sits atop a mountain .
There is a fishing boat in the harbor .
A young man and an asian woman are near a dock on a bay .
He was happy .
The group of people are smiling for their family photo .
The woman is the girl 's mom .
A young model has her first photoshoot .
A photographer is working .
A child 's clothes are full of mud in the shower
The man is riding fast on the four wheeler .
Two brothers are under a waterfall .
The man is a worker .
A worker is cleaning up after a fire .
the man and the boy were in town
The woman is in her 20s .
The men are talking to each other on the side of the rode about their wives .
The men 's bikes broke .
A groups of men at the airport are riding a moving walkway .
Six men are trying to get to their gate at the airport .
A person is looking at the mountain waiting for the right time to climb it .
A retail store worker shows a customer the latest designer wear .
A businessman walks by a closed cafe .
The woman is about to shoplift the fruit to make dinner for her cats .
Some teams were playing ball in the field .
A woman checking papers is a teacher .
A swimmer is winning
A woman holding her sleeping son is thinking about the future .
The four members of the band are in tight quarters .
The woven walls are multicolored .
A rock band is playing at the 9:30 Club
Three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing daisy duke shorts
A female astronaut adjusting to the feeling of low gravity by training underwater .
A tall human working
A man is sailing to Cuba .
Women taking pictures of each other at a restaurant .
The man may lose his balance .
The players are playing rugby in a championship game .
This is the first time the dog has seen snow .
She is over 80 years old .
people celebrate st paddys day
The kids are on a fieldtrip
A woman cries because her husband left .
The women are auditioning for a kung fu movie .
They are in a wedding
The young boy is outside .
The young boy is on a farm .
The roller coaster ride is made from wood .
A clown is performing a unicycle trick .
A kid is practicing a complicated karate move .
A young man waits outdoors in London on a bench .
The advertisements behind him are for a food .
The kids are enemies .
Some of the lights are yellow .
A band is playing a song for an audience .
A band is playing a concert in a packed stadium .
A quarterback is holding a ball .
The woman is waiting for her boyfriend at the local bus stop .
There are a few unhappy people here .
A fan has his moment
The man is wearing khakis .
A boy is watching the ocean .
A boy is watching a boat float by .
A group of women went for a motorcycle ride .
A man is talking to his wife on the phone .
The police are controlling an unruly crowd .
Street vendors are skillfully grilling food for customers .
a man has surfed for an hour
A windsurfer realizes his trick has gone wrong and he is going to crash .
A crowd is watching a talent show .
A sad man is using what looks to be a fax machine .
A child is smiling as he watches a clown .
An Asian man walks a three-wheeled pedal card fully of white bags and he can be seen leaving the store .
The man has been Buddhist his whole life .
The band is playing rock music
Two brothers are climbing a tree to get down their Frisbee .
a boy skateboarding in the summer on a street
The man with the ipad is older than the woman reading the book .
a man cleans outside his work
The group of people are part of a cult .
A woman sells her wares in a busy market .
Two workers blowing leaves on a fall day
Boy cooling off during the summer
The people are in Africa
The men are construction workers
Guys working outside .
Men working to build a fence for customers .
The guy in the green cap just got home .
A fat woman is wearing pants .
A man is teaching his granddaughter to swim .
A man on crutches is trying to cross the street .
The man is a Janice Joplin fan .
The man is playing an acoustic guitar .
An old man collects soda cans .
Sisters are using a bubble machine to blow big bubbles .
The two men are taking a lunch break .
They are playing soccer outside .
the boy was listening
the musician is performing his favorite song
Man stares at a painting in a museum .
Man stares off into the distance at the incoming clouds .
They are planting flowers .
They plan to go throw rocks into the water
A beagle runs in the grass .
The circus performer wows the crowd with his feat .
The man is street performer .
A young girl enjoys a moment on the beach while she is on vacation .
A man in a gray shirt is working on a novel .
the man is chasing after his daughter
The male rollerblader is skillfully riding the stair railing .
A boy is playing army with action figures on rocks .
The man cut the ice wrong .
the man bet the other man to eat 40 cookies
the man was laughing at the man who was stuffing his face
Three small dogs run through the grass during the day
The man who just purchased a pinstriped suit for a formal dinner did n't notice the poster to his left that shows a man wearing the same suit .
The women just heard a joke .
A woman sets up a camera to capture pictures of the night sky
The bike is black .
The man is protesting for better wages .
A dog and cow are playing with hay .
A young man is grilling hotdogs for a Memorial Day party .
People look at their reflection in New York City .
A kid is playing inside the house .
A kid is in a wagon and someone is pulling it .
Someone made one of the girls cry .
Four friends pose for a photo on their ski holiday .
A woman is posing for a selfie .
A man is showing off to his girlfriend while doing tricks on a dirt bike .
they are protesting
The man is spraying water on the rubble so that it does n't get too dusty as the building is demolished .
a woman rests near her baby
A group of schoolchildren are working on a gingerbread house neighborhood for class .
A group of women are knitting .
The girl in a pink dress uses an umbrella for a sun shade .
a woman is practicing for the olympics
They think the men are handsome .
A woman wants a new facebook picture of her at the aquarium
the kid is in front of the tree on christmas eve
he is watching the news
A boy is playing with a toy car .
A woman exercising for the day .
Two opponents are getting ready to face off in a Hockey game .
People rushing to get to work in a busy city cause they are late .
People waiting at a bus stop .
A woman is portioning out soup for the workers .
A woman is handling food containers .
A construction man takes a break to salute the flag .
A lady is taking pictures at a party .
The man is on a team .
the girl is riding down a dirt street
A boy is getting splashed .
The boy is having fun .
A woman is wearing a silk shirt .
A person is standing on a tennis court .
A man is checking the telephone wires .
The boots have a hole in them .
The restaurant is about to close .
the guy in the sweatshirt uses the power saw to saw wood for a house
a woman runs quickly down a road
A dad took his child to a museum to see a famous painting .
A male has clothes on with his hand holding another young male in front of a painting .
People drink beer at the pub .
The ninja costumes are black .
a man is competing with others on a soccor court
a man is preaparing to play a game
The two dogs are playing with a frisbee .
A man and his son are looking at something .
The windsurfer is having fun .
The people are on the famous steps Rocky runs up in a training montage .
A short man stands on his tip toes in front of two people .
The woman is Asian .
A group of people are helping an accident victim on the highway .
A woman is looking for bread in her kitchen cupboards .
The girl is wearing shoes
A man is playing at the music festival .
An old couple walking , holding hands
A woman struggles to swim after falling into a strong current .
The boy is not happy
The girl is jumping because she is happy .
A woman picks a flower for her mother .
A mass of people moving in the same direction in order to find the object .
The BMX rider is getting dirt on his clothes .
A construction crew is sitting and standing next to a building .
Two young people are in love .
They are working near a brick building .
a contractor looks at the job
A couple people enjoy the water near the mountains .
The tennis ball was thrown really far .
A lumberjack harvesting massive redwoods .
A smiling man with his pink spring trees .
a man alone in the park up to no good
A man is outside .
Two small children walk towards their parents in a field .
Kids are playing in the field .
A group of siblings are riding their bikes to school .
The man is intelligent
Skateboarders race for money .
the woman is happy .
A biker is riding for a charity event through the center of town .
A gymnast nervously scans a crowd for her parents before performing the routine that will reveal she had n't been attending her lessons .
A female is posing for the camera .
A great human with a big trumpet
A blond haired kid looks through his front door at the mailman .
The fighter plane has no one inside of it .
A couple are kissing on new years eve as the ball drops .
The ballerina hates this .
The man in the black hat is about to jump off the swing to impress the kids .
A man is painting New York City .
A man is painting some dolphins .
The woman sitting is asian .
The conductor is walking in a field .
A man is wearing coveralls .
People are betting on dogs at a track .
The actor playing Voldemort is wearing a scary mask and a black and white robe .
Professional actors are doing summer stock .
They are all under 21 at a club .
The young white girl is standing on a street while it 's sunny outside .
An off-roading truck was totalled .
The man is walking to the supermarket .
The woman is Armenian .
People shopping for veggies at a nice market .
Four young boys wearing blue jeans and white shirts lounge in a living room .
Man takes library books back from customers .
Man sells books to crowd .
Motorcycle rider going over a big bump .
Two men are sitting together at a park .
The people are friends .
The boy is in a park .
Two people are in a bike race .
Children are eating cereal .
A woman is skiing down a hill in Colorado .
A guy is doing skateboard tricks outside a building to promote a movie .
a princess in white dress was there in crowd
Lady in pink reaches to shake hands with man sitting beside her .
A tall woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera
Two men wrestle in national competition .
A teacher is trying to have her class enjoy a field trip
The six people are all police .
A group of swimmers jump into a pool during a swim meet .
A man standing with his purchases of the day .
There are lots of fish landing on the person 's line today .
Two children sleeping in a bedroom .
Three brothers pound on some drums
two men are working on machinery on the famed titanic
A lady just exited Starbucks .
There are fans drinking beer at a sporting event .
The chef is preparing sushi .
the crowd is a mob
The woman is doing a solo piece at church .
A man rock climbing after nearly falling to his death .
A man and wife sit outside with their children .
Two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a busy shopping zone
The men are nervous
the woman is on a float
The three men are wealthy businessman who own the company 's whose logos they are standing in front of .
Three men are celebrating a business achievement .
A man is outdoors
A pro snowboarder is competing in the Olympics .
A snowboarder is practicing a new trick .
A barefoot child has shoes nearby .
A mother and daughter are chatting .
People are picking flowers .
A young girl celebrates the 4th of July by holding two flags .
A group of girls and women are laughing as they cross the road .
the group is on vacation
The woman is taking the man 's photo for a magazine .
The crowd is all men
The boy is outdoors .
The man in the yellow jacket is having fun .
The woman is doing laundry .
Two dogs are playing catch at the park .
Treasure hunters flock to an estate sale , with a lot of antique furniture for sale .
The group of men are teaching the boy how to make wood crafts .
A woman is folding her pants at the laundromat .
Two bears are facing each other in the woods with their mouths open .
The man is running a marathon .
The children are playing Marco Polo .
A motocross rider performs a trick during a competition .
The man has a great singing voice .
A guy riding a skateboard in the rain .
A biker is getting ready to race against his opponents .
The old man is playing the guitar .
A happy kid and some flowers .
A yawning dog is tired and sleepy .
A girl just finished eating .
people are starting and leaving a fishing boat tour
People waiting for their grandmother to let them in a home .
the man works in the office .
The male is playing in a tournament .
Two women are on vacation getting drunk .
A group of people are unhappy to be at the stadium .
A tall person with a hat
The young men are working to level an area of the yard to put in a new basketball court .
Two fishermen are emptying their catch from a barrel .
A man approaches a woman 's house on business .
the man is a barber
A person rides a skateboard well .
He is getting dizzy .
He is outside .
Enjoy the town on foot or by bike .
Bike rental as low as 9.99 an hour .
The man behind the wheel is teaching the boy about cars .
Three men are performing a ritual .
The flautist plays a lullaby .
They are about to plan a score .
They are huddled together because they are working together .
The runner just got first place .
A woman getting her annual check up .
The faces of the people are visible
The female ice skaters are competing in a tournament .
A man is taking a wedding photo in front of a pond .
The man is cleaning up his yard after the bad thunderstorm the evening before .
The man is doing a trick on his skis .
A band is auditioning for the owners of a nightclub .
The water sprays on the boy .
The dog was a husky .
Dancing is going on in a big room .
the man is training some guys
the man is wearing green
A group shows up to an event to support research on Parkinsons
They show up to donate and support for the fight against the disease
The person is riding there bike to lunch .
A woman talking to a stranger .
A group of people are part of a dog lover 's group .
A man races on a four wheeler in a charity event .
A woman is helping her friend take a picture .
A boy is playing with other children .
A boy is playing a Nintendo DS with his sister who he loves .
The player in white and the player in orange are participating in a pick-up game of basketball at the gym .
Two men are playing during a college basketball game .
A few dogs are running to their owner .
One woman really sucks at playing ping pong .
people on their last day of work
The opposing team is winning the evening soccer match .
A homeless man with a shopping cart .
A sad woman wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing .
The people are taking a break from riding their bikes .
The two men are at a wedding .
A man drawing a caricature of his wife .
roller derby players skating around the rink at practice .
Fierce competition in the roller derby women 's final match ensues .
A rollerskater behind the pack .
The man is eating chocolate ice cream .
There is an older man teaching his grandson how to play golf .
Workers removing ice from a walkway in front of a school
Some Asian women are walking in the field of rice .
Two Asian women are wearing hats .
They are wearing all black gear .
People standing at a beach being filmed by cameras .
A group of people standing at a beach filled with cameras .
A man and woman prepare to record a scene
Two children are testing out their new telescope and seeing what they can see on the street .
The people are together
A young child is visiting the beach with his family on their summer vacation .
The woman who is shown lives in the South .
The man just went shopping at the grocery store .
A group of protestors engages with a woman inside an auditorium .
A protest is assembling .
People stand outside of the building , awaiting the all clear after a fire drill .
A health worker is evaluating a girl on her sickness .
A girl pours water into an empty coca cola bottle
It rained recently .
A woman holds a metal axe .
The roofer is putting on shingles .
A man is performing in front of a crowd .
It is raining outside .
This worker is in charge of everyone
Two people are out looking for a good camping spot .
the woman reading book in the hall
the woman holding book with smiling in the home
The girl is smiling because she is having fun .
A shirtless man paints a wall red .
The man is riding on the sidewalk .
He is heading to the cabin down the trail .
a guy paddles for his wife
Asians spot what they think is a UFO and take pictures .
A group of friends poses for a picture in front of a brick wall .
The person is stealing display boards .
A Nascar is being watched .
The man and woman are running in a marathon .
The woman is in a library .
A woman standing near a microscope .
The town has snow on the ground .
The pants are new .
A student studying for a big exam
There is a photo of Mt Everest .
Young boy has many toy trucks
The costume is promoting the man 's work .
The person is marching in a parade .
Men on bikes go over a sand hill to get to the finish line .
A couple enjoying some alone time .
A couple are having their wedding picture taken .
The men all know each other .
An Asian woman is dancing sexily .
A dog returns a toy to its owner .
A boy is pretending to be a cowboy .
A man is laughing as he watches a show in a theater .
A man with brown hair is standing on a dock .
A man is raising his arm to get someones attention .
A man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a pizza delivery van rides beside him in the distance .
The burning blue building will turn to dust after an hour .
The red truck is a fire truck .
Two dancers are making money
A woman is a good surfer .
The woman is cooking something exciting .
The woman is in a kitchen .
Some humans in green clothing
a soccer player gets ready to kick the ball after a penalty .
A man is trying to get to something by digging .
Two people are playing flag football at the park .
The musicians are care free .
Musicians are passionate about music .
The group is in a classroom .
Some people have questions .
People getting ready to enter a vehicle .
a man sips whisky
A woman holds her baby .
A person is watching TV .
A man and woman collect money for playing .
The two musicians are playing the trumpet
The people are on a family picnic .
The girl has just got down drinking the whole bottle .
The mother and daughter are meeting over lunch .
The woman has cancer .
A lady is sitting at a table outside
The people are celebrating New Years Eve .
Three young people are putting on suntan location while standing on the beach together .
Couple go out for their first surfing session as a couple .
The kid is playing at the waterpark .
The girl is playing hide and seek .
A man sits near a table with his drinks
Some children are playing soccer by a school .
Two men are friends
A woman is enjoying the outside weather
The people are waiting for their performance to start .
The audience watches as the actors in the dim haze , ready their lines for the first scene .
At a rock concert , the audience screams and cries at the handsome singer and his bass guitarist .
A camper with ski poles walks towards his campground .
a hockey goalie earns his keep
A woman wearing a yellow tank top and white pants is looking at her neighbors below her window .
Tall humans looking .
A man holds a big flag .
Two dirt bike riders are outside
Two dirt bike riders are practicing new tricks
A snowboarder lands a trick during a competition .
Two friends holding cotton candy smile at each other .
Two people riding on a bicyle down a small dirt road .
A man is making a cross country trip on his motorcycle .
Tom and Sue were playing horseshoes .
Tom and Sue were playing outside .
people are at a busy intersection
A camera is being lowered onto a running track by a girl in black pants and yellow t shirt
Two men are composing together .
Tall people standing
One person kneels in front of a plastic bucket ready to puke .
they have a work meeting
The man wearing stars and stripes on a bike is in a parade .
A guy misses the park and passes by it .
The four men sitting in front of the two windows belong to a band .
An adventurous man navigates through the jungle , searching for a rare babboon .
Some children throw stones into a fountain .
Some children a outside playing near the water .
A painting of a stick figure
man preparing meal for wife
A sad boy rides his skateboard at the park .
There is snow outside .
The dog is fetching his toy that his master threw into the surf .
The middle-aged woman is heading home .
The girls are sisters .
His face is painted to look like a tiger .
A man in black takes a picture of a fountain .
The woman posing is a famous model .
A tall human wearing glasses
A cyclist dressed in black and white points towards the sky .
A young man is bowling .
A crowded street where people are buying soft drinks and other items .
Awoman serves the volleyball .
A woman wearing a striped wrap and a hat is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera .
The girl threw the basketball .
World Series game 3 is being played
There are people outdoors
A band is playing a cover song .
A man is putting a roof on a beach house .
Children are swimming in cold water .
The street performer takes a break .
The man and woman are going to a movie in the city .
A woman is singing for the first time .
A man sits and waits for someone .
The man has a colorful skateboard
The car took a pit stop with just a few laps to go .
a wife and husband perform
there are people in a house taking pictures
A boy is falling off his bike .
A group of people are singing and dancing on stage for people .
A stray dog walking out of the subway tunnel .
They are about to go upstairs .
They are going up the stairs .
The man is concentrating .
A dog is playing ball with his owner .
A man in a whit shirt and shorts is rock climbing at a very very slow pace .
A man watering his neighbors plants .
A lawyer is encouraging some children at a contest .
A man is playing a black piano .
The child is getting her school pictures taken .
A man plays a piano for his family .
The couple is celebrating an important event .
The man is throwing a concert outside
A boy is raisingin his hand to answer a question in his class .
The two men are enjoying an afternoon in the water together after a tough workweek .
The tiles are very colorful .
The large audience is watching an award ceremony .
A man rests on his friends after a championship fight .
A dog is excited .
An older brother is talking to his younger brother in the middle of the street .
A man is waiting for a bus sitting on a bench .
A man is waiting for a bus in Iraq .
The men hope the container wo n't fly off the roof .
A group of friends are visiting an art exhibit .
A tall person with glasses
A group of friends heads down the street to a birthday party .
A puppy leaps for a Frisbee .
There are a lot of people looking for a certain book at the local Barnes and Noble .
two people mow lawns for a living on the 4th of july
A man without a shirt is on a river .
The couple is married .
The players and referee are getting ready to start the match .
A woman is walking down a busy street in Tokyo .
A girl is swinging , rather high , on a swing with light blue ropes .
A girl drinks a soda on the street in front of people
The two women bundle up in winter coats as the blizzard sets in .
The two woman are sisters , and are on their way to their mutual friends house down the street .
The Indians hope there sacred dance will bring rain .
The people are playing at a festival .
People place their piece on a Monopoly board .
A family is sitting on a couch watching TV .
They know each other .
There is a man holding a long rope for a boy climbing outdoors
They are boyfriends .
Two girls at a camp .
Two scuba divers are inspecting a submarine .
The nurses are discussing a patient .
A gymnast is in mid air .
A female gymnast is competing at the Olympics .
People are walking to an event .
People are flying down a sidewalk .
The two men are brothers .
A man is donating hair to a charity for cancer patients .
Men are gazing .
Men are lamenting the fact that their team lost .
People in uniform are working near a fire .
Police are setting up blockades near a movie set where they film a fire scene .
A man waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background .
Two little boys are pretending they are climbing a large mountain .
The person is trying to be sneaky .
A woman is walking to the escalator at a sporting event .
A group of adults are waiting for an event .
The man is a judge .
A man is holding a book about fossils , standing in front of a chalkboard .
The woman is playing a game on her cellphone .
A man putts while his group talks to each other .
They are going fast .
People are gathered on a sunny day at the beach .
A motorist is riding his bike in a competition .
the people are women
some people standing
The child is athletic .
There is a man that is good at music .
Two men reading the paper on their break .
a family of dogs cruises down the street
The boy is playing baseball .
The bat is aluminum
A man is wearing his sport jersey in his cubicle .
A big sports fan is working inside his cubicle .
The man in jeans is standing on a bridge working on a outside while listening to music .
The man has black hair .
Somebody is wearing work gloves .
Friends wait to get on the bus at night .
German tourists are waiting in line to board a bus .
a rooster near a vendor hoping for food
A man enjoys the sun coming through the window .
The boy is in swimming clothes .
A boy is playing in his new swimming pool .
A tall person is walking
The baby is eating .
A professional bike rider performing tricks .
A science teacher demonstrates how to mix the liquid as his young student takes notes .
a child plays outside next to a christmas tree
There are two people at the beach .
The man is cleaning his clothes .
A woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with her eyes wide open .
The band members are playing in a dimly lit room .
A man hunting crocodiles
A group of sad soldiers march in a parade .
A boy prepares a camp fire spot to make his dinner .
Woman resting her head on husband shoulder
The man owns the RV .
The two young teens tried to throw the ball into the basket to win the big bear .
The men are trying to fix a car .
They are going to get something to eat .
a child likes the dress
A man laughing while at a restaurant eating .
There are people sitting on benches outdoors talking to each other .
The women are sorority sisters .
the man is a farmer
The boyscout looks through a telescope at the clear night sky .
A man is smoking a cigar .
A man reaches out to a strand of multicolored lamps .
The children are doing schoolwork on the black boards
The woman is the man 's wife .
The choir is doing a Christmas program .
The road is in China .
A young woman is on a shopping trip .
A young man working in the snow .
The children are having fun together .
Two brothers have a snowball fight .
A man is repairing a car .
a married couple and their kids walk along the beach .
The people are waiting outside of an airport to board the bus .
The workers are on break .
The workers are close to the water .
A team is playing street soccer .
A big rally in a different country .
A tall person in shirt
The man is in a heavy metal band .
The child is getting wet from the fountain .
The man is kneeling down .
The man 's head is partially obscured .
the man is a model
A man and woman are getting eloped
The woman splashes as she tries to keep from drowning in the river .
The two people are talking about the weather .
A boy in orange rides his fathers dirt bike .
Cyclists are in a race on the part of the course that is on the highway .
Man reaching up to secure a handhold on the cliff face .
A woman escapes a from a hostile enviroment
The crowd walks around a woman
The woman is sitting in the chair next to the podium .
There are people giving a speech at the fair .
Two people are standing beside each other .
There are boys and girls sitting at a table playing games
The woman and man are smiling .
Two men are watching TV on a couch .
A young man is doing karaoke in a bar .
The dog 's nose itches .
He knows a lot about tomatos .
He likes to cook .
A person is trimming a tree .
A worker falls out of a tree .
A restored car being inspected by a potential buyer .
Two men standing in front of a wall looking for trouble .
the men are partners
The girll is playing a game .
The man speeds along the street .
Boyfriend and girlfriend hugging each other .
The little boy is hitting the girl .
The little girl is consoling the boy .
The young lady that the gentleman is speaking to is his daughter .
A person juggles balls in a kilt .
A man in a shirt juggles thee clubs and an apple .
A clown rides a tall bike in a parade .
A party has just ended
A group of people fight in their dreams
A girl is teaching her friends how to play hopsotch outside .
A child is playing on christmas .
The violinist is on stage with other musicians .
The boy is going to school .
A man is performing a balancing trick over a large canal in Venice .
A man is homeless .
He is barefoot .
A child is Asian and American .
A woman has a bright light pink jacket .
Four men are making sure that the man in the storage unit stays put .
A group of women sing on stage at the concert .
woman going to park
There are many people attending a baseball game .
Two dogs are playing outside .
Some people are throwing a surprise birthday party .
Some people are throwing a party .
Three people have drinks in their hand .
A man is shopping .
the boy is fifteen
A dog is carrying a stick in the snow .
A family is walking through a gate .
A girl with curly hair is drinking through a straw .
The concert is being held at night .
Two boys jump with excitement .
The children can all swim .
A brother and sister are playing on a swing set .
There are professional riders at a ceremony .
Clown entertains people at a birthday party .
Two old men talk at a family reunion .
The man is perplexed by the events .
Someone is in a bar .
Three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by the vet .
Men fishing from a long wooden dock .
Women looking at the lake from the dock .
A man prepares to give a speech for a television audience .
There is a live bear in the background .
The tv volume is turned on low .
One man shows the ransom money to the other .
the man is a photographer
The man and woman are cooperating .
They are in college .
A lady is excited after winning a contest .
A man sings a love song to the audience .
A father and son hold a Chinese lantern and prepare to hang it up .
The girl is browsing reddit on her phone .
A guy working on his bass guitar .
A man is working in the sun .
The girls are cover head to toe .
The girls are building a snowman .
The couple stood in the snow together for the photographer .
A woman teaching a boy to sing .
The girl is getting riding lessons .
The single man was working on his house
A hand holds a strainer , a family heirloom passed down from generation to generation .
A well dressed man is playing a guitar .
The racetrack is long .
A woman is trying to write a letter to her daughter in the states
The two people are racing each other on the rock .
Two kids are climbing the rock .
The girl is cooling her feet on a hot day .
The owners of a house enjoy their pond .
A tall person in a shirt
A woman is looking at a man
A boy is snowboarding in mid air
A fisherman uses a cell phone to call his wife .
A man encouraging children to have fun with one another as they look on .
A father attempting to encorage his children to run around and have fun outside .
A tractor drives down the parade route
Men play fair
A dog is outside .
The woman owns the horse .
A man singing to the crowd .
A man in front of an audience .
A girl is playing wrestling with a friend .
He was training a police dog .
A blind man is attempting to train his dog to ward against intruders .
A skier going down the bunny hill .
The man has been playing the blues .
A city employee inspects construction on a public road .
A man walking in Droney Park on his day off .
This man has an eyesight deficiency .
This elderly man is nearsighted .
A man is dozing off while bumming a ride in the back of a truck .
An infant looks through a telescope pointed at the planet Jupiter .
Performers are waiting for a crowd to calm down before they continue their performance
The little boy is good friends with the girl .
A woman is getting her maternity pictures taken .
A woman wearing gloves to hide her injuries .
She intends to pick the ripe vegetables and leave the unripened to ripen .
Everyone is riding rollerblades .
A group of young men looking up at the basketball hoop to see if the ball will go in .
The ballerina is wearing pink .
Four siblings pose for a photo on a stage .
A family is diving into the water .
The boy is younger than age ten .
A woman in a wedding dress is climbing .
Someone is dipping a sponge in a bucket of soapy water .
A woman is cleaning wood outside from a bucket near the window .
a man is looking at his friend
An older man is sweeping his patio while a passerby enters a building
The man is wearing knee pads .
A woman sits outside on the dock overlooking the ocean .
A girl is playing tennis with three other people .
Six people are dressing old school for a play .
A man moves while playing a game
A woman compares prices on eggs at the market
A lady cleans her feet for a fetish video .
The girl is outside .
Two teams playing soccer , practicing for the Olympics .
two dogs chase a bunny
The dogs are chasing a squirrel .
People are playing a drum .
a person is relaxing on his day off
An old guy wears a shirt on a bike .
Several people are sitting around a table and are about to play a card game .
A girl poses with her spelling bee trophy .
Two men are shirtless .
The family is near a farmer market .
Four people are trying to see what new painting to buy
A clown makes balloon animals .
the guy has bottles on the truck for me
Boy playing doctor on a friend with his toys .
The river is wild
A young couple is very much in love .
Many people are singing carols .
The spectators watch in awe as the bicyclist does tricks on a high wire .
The people are husband and wife .
Two coworkers eat lunch on a bench outside of their building .
People look out side the bar they are in .
Young woman shows off new bike tricks in front of friends .
people sitting at a table getting ready for dinner
A boy puts on his new sunglasses
The men are preparing for a presentation .
Two soccer players fight after the ball until one gets a penalty .
The man is the janitor for the building .
People are shopping for watermelons .
A boy is practicing his basketball shooting skills for his school 's game later .
The girl has a troubled expression .
Taking a long break
A dog plays in the park with his owner on a sunny day .
A boy is walking to the beach .
A man is giving a toast at a wedding .
A lumberjack works .
A woman is selling jewelry to two girls .
Some kids playing with a raft in the lake .
The girls are standing outside .
A boy is enjoying himself while thinking about sliding down a snow hill with his friends
Two girls kiss there dad .
A woman smiles at someone to her left
The man working at target was carrying shooping carts up the escalator .
I am at the lake with my family .
A woman watches the lake while her child swims .
A man drinks beer .
The lab tech is looking at a cell sample .
A large choir is singing .
The audience is cheering because of the celebrity .
The children are receiving awards for humanitarian efforts .
A woman crosses the street carrying her baby boy .
A small man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman
The young girl loves to run .
It is the child 's first time hiking .
The bike has a flat tire .
A man is sleeping next to his daughters dog .
The people watch as the soap box car drives by them .
A boy poses in front of his siblings playing
A girl is helping her grandmother try on a new bracelet she bought .
A redhead is putting a bracelet on an old woman .
At a Chinese restaurant , a group of people celebrate their Asian culture .
A man preforms tricks on a motorcycle .
Two dogs playing fetch .
A man in the Navy stands on a boat in the cool air .
A man in the Navy is sailing through the water .
He is going sailing .
He is outside .
People put up new art .
The gymnast completes her intense exercise .
Two people are riding red bicycles next to a building .
The soccer team is listening to their coach for their last play to win the soccer game .
A man reaches for a cellphone while his companion tells him about her life .
people perform for kids
Two young girls enjoying a night on the town .
Four sisters play with each other .
A child is getting ready for his junior athletic league tennis tournament .
A boy is playing with the other children .
Two women are working .
Two women are running a kitchen .
She is hailing a cab .
The group of people are swimming in the water .
Two people are trying to finish up a project before an art contest
The two people walking in the sand are on a date .
The tan dog is being groomed on the table .
The woman is holding a some clippers in her hand .
Dog running down the street .
The track runners are all black ethniticity
The track runners are competiting to win the race
The two guys are workers working on the billboard taking a break .
The woman is in the ocean .
The man the baseball is taking his son to a baseball game today .
The ginger-haired kid holds the pony 's reins .
The man 's shorts are red .
A cyclist is performing for a new sports show .
The man is a sculptor .
A young man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm , talking on a white large phone .
The ship nearly hits a cruiser .
A man is scalping tickets to a Seahawks game .
A woman is taking a photo of a man standing outside in the sunlight .
The two men are friends
A large human sitting .
a man smokes a joint outside
The runners are competing in a marathon .
kids playing at a park outside
The boy pushes as hard as he can
A man posed at a baseball game .
Some janitors are sweeping floors and cleaning the campus late at night .
A strange ritual is being performed .
A man is taking a nap on a bench .
A girl is fishing in the a pond in the summertime .
A young boy is playing with flour and sugar bags .
A young man wheres tribal clothes for a ceremony .
A native american actor is about to re-inact a famous gunfight at a tourist ghosttown
The feathers are colorful .
The man in the plaid shirt is looking through a telescope to see stars at daytime .
The men are brothers .
A naked man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background .
He is trying to get it working again .
A black man is performing in a play .
A man standed near the fence to show the numbers .
three people on work break
A group of people analyze art together
The boy is having fun .
The people are celebrating their father 's birthday at a local restaurant .
A horse is near a man who is about to ride it .
A boy is hungry for some cookies and cakes , but does n't have any money .
The people are cooking a dinner for Valentine 's Day .
A woman giving a seminar has her words recorded by her transcriber .
A tall human standing
Woman waiting for a friend at a cafe .
The man is a hippie .
Children are having fun at Tommy 's birthday party .
Bird flying outside against the sky
People are looking at sexy underwear .
People are looking at underwear .
A band plays salsa music .
A man sells fresh corn on the side of the road .
A man wheels a wheelbarrow full of vegetables to a store .
a dog catching a ball he just got as a gift
Older men eating dinner
A car sets a gas station on fire .
There is a fresh food market .
The children are playing a bedtime game with their parents .
He is playing guitar for the crowd .
A man and a woman are running as part of their training for a marathon .
A woman is deciding whether or not to read a book .
Grandpa is lecturing
The woman are enjoying a nice date out at the zoo .
Some people enjoying their brunch together in the outdoor seating area of a restaurant for mother 's day .
the man is a doctor
A happy young couple are posing for a portrait .
a couple dances among other people
a couple dance together at their wedding reception
The man is fat .
A dog on a red leash getting ready to go to the beach .
A man is showing a group of people perfect biking form
a man at the opening of a large tree in his yard
The dog is a labrador retriever .
A cyclist is in a competition .
A girl is looking at the sky from far away .
A group of climbers celebrates at the top of Everest .
A boy with no shirt on throws rocks .
a man walking around in nature because he 's lost
The men play baseball together .
He is Chinese .
Two people are walking in the snowy woods behind their home .
A boy has a light yellow t-shirt and pink sweater .
A tall person in a shirt
The man is near another person .
A vendor is selling loaves of bread to pedestrians .
A woman carrying a bucket of flowers at night .
The man is asleep .
Three boys performed a skit .
A father and child playing together .
A group of people are planning something .
A group of people are kicking each other .
The gray van had smashed the green sedan 's bumper off .
Women are visiting .
A funny person standing .
Some men are hungry .
A couple on a date lay next to each other in a park .
A man is taking things that he bought at the store home .
The snowballs are from fresh snow .
A guy works on a sign by putting letters on its round surface while it 's on the ground .
the people are a couple
She is listening to music .
A man is signaling the start of a race .
The bearded man plays a song and sings along .
the guy kicked his hat
A young man is trying to balance on the train tracks while riding his bicycle .
A man is working outside wearing no shirt because it 's hot outside .
She is talking to her dad on her phone .
The newly married couple kiss .
Two men are on stilts while a woman dances between them in the parade .
Three people are on a parade float .
There has been an accident
The child is wearing a helmet because it is going on a bike ride with its mother soon .
Two boys are carrying a bug in a garbage bag .
A person is reaching up to grab something .
The couple are hispanic .
A lady in a dress is trying to sell her yarn animals .
Some people are walking on the beach collecting sea shells .
People are getting ready to run
A man is not happy about having to clean the roof .
The woman is laughing at a joke .
A couple ride their bikes on a date .
People on a double date in the city .
The military veteran had entered an art contest and won first place !
The bus is going to celebrity houses .
a boy rides his bike
Some families have babies .
A youth skateboards by a mural that has been vandalised .
Runners see something
a woman is cleaning for her husban
A man is about to throw a snowball at someone .
The family is taking place in the event in memory of another family member .
A dog is chasing a duck .
The people are making a welcome home sign .
A 16 year old doing homework .
The project is a large percentage over his overall grade in the class .
The customers are entertained while watching the chefs make the food .
A black man with no hair is wearing his safety glasses around his neck .
Inmates are cleaning up a beach .
Two dogs chase each other in the afternoon sun .
a man holds a comb on a box
They are playing a game .
One dog is timid to participate .
The people are family .
A few people are sitting at a table with forks in hand .
A few people are eating burgers and fries at a birthday party .
They are at the park
They are all playing checkers
Two people are following a path outside that their grandfather paved 100 years ago .
A young man drinking a beer
A young man smoking a cigar
Cheerleaders are practicing their routines .
A football coach is instructing a player on the sidelines
He is drinking to fall asleep .
The young woman is enjoying the sun
A Brazilian woman carries groceries home .
A cheerleader passes out team shirts
Cheerleaders pass out new t shirts to the opposing team
A brown dog is racing another dog .
A dog is running back home .
A tall person carrying stuff
Two girls are getting ready to ride horses .
an indian man plays cricket
The man is sweating from his run .
The player is one of the best in the league .
A husband and wife are being spontaneous by jumping in a freezing river .
The bird is having trouble flying .
A woman carrying a bag , with a girl behind her
A young boy is grilling steak .
A man is calling his wife .
The wife is taking a photo of her husband .
The man is hiding from his friend .
A lady is posing as a woodsman for a photoshoot .
Some people go on an adventure .
The captain of the boat is preparing for rough waters .
Two people are cold hiking with their backpacks up a snowy slope .
Two mountaineers in a race across a mountain .
A black man is painting a protest sign .
A man poses for a picture .
The man and woman are married .
The woman is a secret agent on mission to murder the man .
A musician practices on his guitar briefly before a concert .
A man is practicing for a horse race .
People are waiting in line for food to get through the snowstorm with
Children are napping on a floor inside a pre school .
A woman is carrying a serving tray filled with tiny sandwiches .
The girl plays soccer with some friends .
A dog is chasing a dragonfly through the marsh .
Two men are punching eachother .
A guy looks upon a collision between two Hondas and a Schwinn .
A man is standing and testing model airplanes .
Three men in red uniforms celebrating a goal in front of a crowd at a soccer stadium .
Three men in red uniforms celebrating a goal at a soccer game outside .
The boy and his dad walk along the edge of the pond .
The man and his son stand at the edge of a pond .
The flowers are lilacs .
Two men are late for work .
Some mechanics at work .
The coaches give the team last minute directions .
There is a busy intersection with a homeless man on the ground .
A man calls 911 after another man is hit by a car .
A girl trying to get fit for a bodybuilding competition .
A family is sitting together inside a house .
a little boy is riding a roller-coaster
A man is taking a picture in the rain .
The men are operating a machine
Two friends help each other by cutting some plastic .
A woman is practicing her swimming technique .
The two girls are nervous about riding the park ride .
A woman older than thirty is outside in winter .
The woman is photographing a wedding .
The woman is a professional photographer .
The boys are stretching before doing gymnastics .
Three college women are studing .
A soccer player is walking to his car .
The man is homeless .
The man is watching t.v.
The three children are related to each other .
A rocker is doing soundcheck for his performance by speaking into the microphone .
The person is snowboarding on top of a mountain .
A skateboarder doing a kick flip midair .
A young person is standing next to a relative .
Girls are displaying their animal drawings in a local kid 's drawing competition .
Two women are in the library reading .
A young girl is having fun .
a girl looks stylish for the camera
Tall firemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on .
A man is getting ready to shovel the snow so he can park his car .
A crowd is loudly cheering as the skateboarder does a 900
A man is going to work on a subway .
A young bicycle rider walks on top of a downed tree for fun .
A girl might fall off a tree .
A girl does n't like balancing on a tree .
A girl is playing on a tree .
The boy is bouncing on the sofa
Some children in the forest pass by a plastic triceratops .
Children are being chased by a velociraptor .
A drummer practicing for a concert .
The team wearing white is winning the game .
Two twin pups holding onto the same bone .
Two litter brothers fight over a bone .
The boys are working on an art project .
A man in a red raincoat is looking to the opposite site of the camera as he poses with others
Man jumping over the fence on his bicycle trying to escape from the dog .
Sisters are tossing a frisbee back and forth in the park .
A woman walking her dog before leaving to work
The people are falling down a lot .
lessons are there to learn
A mother and child walking up a street
A security officer is dressed in a uniform .
The cyclist rides quickly alone on a wooded path
The cyclist rides alone on a wooded path
The cyclist rides with a companion on a wooded path
The african woman is looking for someone in the fields .
A person standing in a wheat field of his boss .
A wet golden retriever is walking through a lake to find a ball .
people are protesting outside of an abortion clinic
The man likes taking pictures .
two women walk to work
A man 's car broke down .
A man is in the city .
A person was thinking about jumping off a rock cliff .
A man has his boy and his dog out enjoying time spent together while shopping .
The man does n't want to be seen .
The man is going somewhere .
A man dumping items from a bin to another bin to throw it in dry place .
Two kids are making a model .
A worker pulls up his long boots before climbing onto the flotation device .
A person is slicing up a fish to sell .
the guy with the afro is playing on the guitar for his mom
The photographer is well dressed and carries a camera .
A group of hikers pause for a break .
A bird is wallowing on a pole .
they are at a wedding
A boy is homeless
Two boys are going to purchase sodas .
People sit on a beach to tan .
People sit on a beach .
The man is a mailman .
There are three women sitting on a table .
An insane child hugs a birdhouse .
The young sad lady is giving the old man a hug .
There are people making different poses .
The three people are all female .
Three woman are shopping at the mall .
A tall person in a blouse
A man is at a concert playing for a large crowd .
A couple celebrates getting engaged .
A man and woman just got engaged
A boy has a light yellow balloon .
A woman has heard a joke .
walkers under a blue sky near the beach
There is a rock currently skipping down a pond .
The dog loves to be here .
The man is doing science .
Two students disrupting class .
The woman in the two paneled photo is the other woman 's relative
A runner is working out on the sand .
A man is walking near an archery range .
There is a black dog outside .
A woman prepares to shoot a free throw at the Staples Center .
The man and the young girl are having fun .
The man and young girl are playing hide and seek .
A man and a woman are playing together .
A man and a woman playing badminton .
A man is working .
People carrying their bikes at night .
The cart of water is for children .
men dont like their lunch
The man doing a trick in the air .
People are having fun .
The man admires the craftsmanship
The arch is old
Two women are dancing in the street wearing dresses .
Two women are taking place in a protest by dressing as police .
The kids are playing soccer in the field with their dog .
An older man rides a bike in front of a bus with a movie poster on it .
An older man rides his bike and is almost hit by a bus because he is looking at the Ironman poster .
the women are looking at a bouquet of flower
the women are hot
A man in a circus with flaming staff .
The man enjoys dogs .
A soccer player scored a goal in an iternational championship game .
a man in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays drums during a concert
A woman is enjoying a beer .
The lady is holding a porcelain cup .
A woman taping a job notice on a bulletin board .
A king sits behind some drums .
A boy is choosing a birthday gift for himself at the store .
An Asian mother holding her baby girl .
A child is chasing a car .
a wife taking groceries home to her family
A woman is leaving Trader Joe 's with a full shopping cart of things she just stole .
A rescue worker searches for survivors .
A man is searching for survivors .
A fireman with an axe stands in a burning house .
A man in a police uniform is talking to another man .
The man has no arms .
The man is killing a spider .
The man is being served food under an umbrella .
Children are welcoming home soldiers
A man driving a go kart , numbered 65 , on a narrow paved road in the snow .
Th small child is watching a performance .
Grandparents watch their grandkids play in the water .
A child is standing on one foot .
A person in a black shirt is standing on one foot .
A woman is dancing to a mans guitar playing .
One of the cartoon character is upset .
There 's a gathering of cartoon characters .
People are crossing the street during a parade .
A little girl is waiting for her parents .
Someone is sitting outside waiting for a friend to arrive .
A guy is relaxing outside .
The people are tourists .
Two naked men are practicing dance moves on the street .
an abadnoned boy is playing with his toy in the ghetto alley .
The small child is dressed in a parka .
A dog runs toward his owner with a stick in his mouth .
A man runs along a path .
The girl is jumping to her father in the pool .
A boy is jumping his skateboard while his friends watch .
The people are enjoying a meal .
The group is discussing the next project for work .
A woman is trying to get her dog to go to the bathroom after it has freshly snowed .
This woman is skiing down a hill in a tournament .
A mother is waiting for the bus with her kids .
A tall person in face paint
A group from the local 4-H club enjoy a day at the local amusement part as part of their year-end celebration .
This man is an athlete .
The man is going to turn left at the green arrow .
The vest is nice and warm .
A child is surprised by the ships .
The group is going to buy something
Two children are having fun together
A red motocross bike is being taken over a jump by a rider , while performing a trick .
The people are hungry .
a child enjoys summer vacation
the man is an agent
The man has performed this trick before .
Ski season has now begun
The person is old
The man is trying to add color to his sculpture .
A couple are preparing to be intimate .
The man is a mechanic .
People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them hope to return to camp before sundown .
A man is holding a surfboard on the black sand beach .
There is a young couple at the water scene .
A man is showing off for his friends .
A person rides on a wakeboard along the beach .
A man and woman are on a date .
A man sells fish from a stall in the fish market .
A teen is practicing his skateboard skills .
man coaches players
Tall humans in orange
The woman is watching the children eat their lunch .
The pitcher just struck out the opposing player at bat .
A man covered in paint after a paintball fight takes a photo .
A man wearing only a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the sidewalk at night
Two girls playing hopscotch .
A group of Asians record multiple videos .
A woman holds her daughter .
Some mammals want to live and the others do n't want them to .
A little girl in a pink shirt is ready to run in the woods .
A homeless man strolls through the street .
The father and son are repairing the sign .
The dog is jumping over some pillows to get to a treat .
the lady is shpping
The man 's mask is a clown face
Some people perform at a concert .
The dog is outside .
A woman is giving a speech about her beliefs while playing the drums .
A couple is walking their dog to the park .
A small child is coming home from school
The woman looks surprised and is yelling angrily .
A woman looks surprised because someone just dropped to one knee and proposed !
The man did n't know if he was a construction worker or carpenter .
The carpenter was almost finished .
Two men with matching baseball team shirts are folding a towel .
Some men wearing red winter jackets are looking over a lake and listening to music .
The man listening to music is listening to Kanye West .
A man standing next to a run down building .
Two men are mud wrestling .
Two men are surprised by the skunk near them .
Children enjoy the last few moments in a park before a rainstorm .
An old man is standing between two giant statues that look like Tom Hank 's and Will Smith 's faces .
two white girls running
Two girls with blonde hair are hiking .
The performance group is dancing .
children pranking each other
A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a plastic slide and smiling .
The teams hate eachother .
He is at the beach .
It is sunny .
the ref is watching the two men play soccer before he goes home
Workers preparing for a chili cook-off .
A man is sitting on the sidewalk , waiting for his girlfriend to show up .
A man is outside .
There is treasure in the trench .
A man is performing for children for fun
A woman has been shopping .
A woman walks through a store talking on her phone .
A child is doing gymnastics in front of a crowd .
A little girl belts one out while playing the violin .
The boy is wearing black .
A woman selling vegetables for extra cash .
The other likes to smoke as well .
This is his first wave of the day .
A surfer competing at a competition .
The man is searching for something in the basement .
A man is jumping over rocks in order to escape being attacked by a wild boar .
A man is jumping over some rocks in order to increase his physical stamina .
An employee keeps a storefront looking tidy
The young girl runs to join her classmates at the end of the recess period .
A man admires a display that he likes .
A person crossing a busy street intersection .
A man practices for the 80s party .
These people are hungry .
People are playing soccer in the rain .
There is a group of men .
The collie is at a beach .
Dog is participating in a competition , showing his agility training .
A baseball player hit a homerun .
A child sits on a wall writing a story of falling leaves
A guy is performing at a recital .
A tall person with hair
The man and woman are looking for help after being snowed in by a blizzard .
The band is playing punk rock music .
Tall people in costumes
Three men are socializing during happy hour .
Men are drinking alcohol at a bar .
two young men are dressed up
They have a fishing pole
Two men are headed to baseball practice
A group poses on vacation at the ocean .
A dog is playing with his owner
A big dog is sitting down while trying to catch a ball
The man is a Catholic priest .
A black lab waits for its owner to throw a ball into the water .
The teen has a messy pink bedroom .
The man is teaching the boy to play .
Sad Man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute .
The performer is making music .
The performer has a flute .
A recently engaged couple embrace on the street .
A girl rides a snowboard .
A person is working at a theatre .
A girl is bouncing alongside with another girl .
A girl is bouncing around at a friend birthday party .
A woman stands while smiling with wood that was just handed to her .
The young boy is hispanic .
A group of coworkers are eating lunch together .
A built man wearing a tshirt .
Friends are waiting together .
A young African child carrying a bag on his had while working for his father in a local village .
Many visitors have fun at the Latin celebration .
A young girl enjoys her day outside .
Bride and groom get marriage pictures taken while their kids look on .
A man is sitting by a campfire , playing guitar and singing .
She is dressed up for a commercial shoot
A man is giving two women directions at work .
a woman holding her grandchild
A male performer is showcasting his snake for tips .
A little boy thowing a snowball from the top of a snow pile .
A small group of people wait to board a bus on a city street .
She talks to her boyfriend about plans that night
Someone is doing their homework .
The older men are colleagues .
they are posing
A man rolls a cigarette and lights it .
An old man is smoking a cigar .
the man is a farmer
A group of people are partying in the large room .
A man broke his new bike .
A man prepares to show off his knife-wielding skills
A man prepares to throw a knife at his friend
A woman is lost and looks at directions mounted on the wall .
The man was about to record his music album .
The photographer is a professional .
A child is chasing pigeons around .
A professional skier skis down a mountain .
The person is about to go hiking .
A rabid sports fan cheers for his team .
The boy is moving very fast .
The man performing is famous .
A lady is walking down a forest
A woman is running with a stroller down a lot
A guy is fixing the roof and falls off .
Two girls are doing the same pose .
Two people are racing in a tournament .
three men are a dancer
three men dancing as a stage
A man was teaching his boy to swim .
The little girl is going to ride her bike .
A girl is wiating for someone to take her bicycle .
Two girls cosplay at a convention .
A few girls cosplay at a local event .
Two girls attend a convention .
A mother is making food for her family .
The boy wants to be a professional guitar player when he grows up
The two dogs hate each other .
Five girls taking turns reading aloud for a school assignment
There is a man walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about .
2 people are talking
The man is practicing how to surf .
Young boys running their plays at home before Saturdays big peewee game .
Timmy hikes the ball as Joe calls the plays
A woman about to sing a song on stage
Two girls are playing a game on the trampoline .
A girl is playing .
A lady is spying on somebody else
A man at a fair is selling cotton candy to little children .
Two professional athletes playing basketball .
A canoe has come untied from the dock and is drifting .
A boy holds onto a post during a wind storm .
A family visits the zoo .
A kid riding his bike home .
the boy is having fun .
A Bugatti and a Lambourgini compete in a road race .
A boy tries to open the door to his apartment near where other apartment dwellers park their bicycles .
The engineer heard a noise .
A man gets into an argument after his waiter makes a mistake on his order .
Some guys are taking a rest from working .
The boy is improving quickly .
The men are laughing about the us losing the cold war .
A tall person with hair
Two people are in the ocean .
The child went swimming .
The child is at the beach .
A girl is jumping for a charity .
A girl is critiquing her friend 's dance moves .
A tall person in a hat
A giant wave splashes the beach .
The band plays jazz music .
The band plays a Sousa march to celebrate the holidays .
A man is putting a sign in the window to alert customers of an upcoming ice cream sale .
Two mutts are chasing each other .
She was calling her husband on her cellphone .
A man takes a smoke break from work .
The food vendor is selling hot dogs .
The man is old
A groundskeeper at a park
The boats are racing .
Some men are saluting their superior out of respect .
A baby is getting a bath by his Father .
A man is trying to catch a flight home for Christmas .
Three friends standing on top of a ski mountain .
the children are doing sign language .
The young woman is preparing the meat to cook on the barbecue .
A man and woman are on a date .
The child is with his parents .
The man is wearing an apron .
the man is white
A young sad man appears bored in a restaurant .
The couple is displaying affection .
Children doing homework assignments while tutor monitors them .
A man hauling goods to sell .
A woman wearing a pink swimsuit .
A man is climbing a ladder on a cliff in hopes of not falling to his death .
A brown dog is outside and it 's snowing
A dog is running in the field towards another dog .
Two women are having a picnic on the beach .
The young Asian has lost her home .
Her favorite candy is chocolate .
A person has a number on his shirt .
An ice hockey player waits to make his move .
A sad man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane .
A group of men and women are sitting at a table eating and drinking for a birthday party .
He is yelling at his son .
The baby had dark hair .
The boy is 8
A man is getting ready to drink ice tea .
The girl climbs the fence to get to school .
People put on a show .
Two people wonder how a Christmas tree got inside their house in the middle of July .
The couple has their Christmas tree out .
A group of people are eating tacos at a restaurant .
A party waits to be seated at a restaurant .
A sprinter hurdles the barrier .
A funny person floating
A many sleeping with his rugby ball .
a girl is sitting waiting to leave for vacation
Skier showing off for photographer by doing a trick .
woman carrying child to the store
Three of the men are talking on their phones .
The woman is carrying a basket down the street in Nepal .
Two dogs fighting over a toy in front of a crowd .
A young girl eating a peach , while discussing the times of old with her friend .
The guy is eating a sandwich while a lady wonders what 's in the sandwich .
Several enemies talk and drink beer around a table discussing peace treaties .
Several friends talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table .
A homeless man in torn jeans begs .
The man is clearing his driveway .
A man is giving a speech on personal finance .
The people are inspecting the vegetables .
A dog is playing with his owner .
The dog is sitting .
A woman in red is out camping near water .
The man protests in something he does n't believe in .
A tall person in a uniform
The dogs are in a meadow .
The woman is wearing jeans .
A man in traditional dress wants his friend to trade his moped for his bike .
Men prepare to fix their damaged bikes .
Two boys are playing a game .
A man is sitting in his sailor suit .
women comment on mans looks
A man is working for a circus .
A man is using his hands .
The woman is American .
A man offers a woman a beer .
Group of people standing on a snow covered ground after a blizzard ready to sweep off the buried cars while a dog is nearby .
A child is riding the train from New York to Boston .
A person is taking a break from walking
The woman is in first place .
Two men shining shoes in the plaza .
The man wants to buy a bike
The young man is getting ice cream .
A man is riding his bike
Some men are polishing the shoes of business men .
A girl is on a snowy mountain .
The old lovers showing black and white photographs of them in their youth .
A man is doing his hobby
The animal is indoors .
The dog is enjoying himself .
The dog is chewing on his toy .
The skater was elated .
2 male humans are working construction .
A man walks and hears a funny joke and starts to laugh .
A woman stands by a business .
A woman is singing karaoke .
A large dog is walking down the front steps .
the man and women are married and she is showing off his arms
People throw things at the display
People stand in front of the new display
The prisoner is talking to two guards in the prison cafeteria .
A blue tram goes down the street while pedestrians sight-see .
the woman is his mother
A woman reading a book while she sits on a bench waiting for the bus .
The sad clown fell off the horse at the State Fair rodeo .
A business man is giving a heated interview for the local news .
The Chinese people on the porch are family members .
A child uses their imagination .
The two bikers , both friends and competitors , round the final curve of the final race of the season .
The winner gets a free soda .
A woman is on her way home .
A man is getting his face shaved for his party .
The friends retire home after going to the farmer 's market
Two women in raincoat sit on the bleachers an hour before the football game .
A road crew in orange vests are working on a road with equipment around them .
The couple are walking away from the wrong bus stop .
The two men are friends
An elderly woman is walking to her doctors appointment .
A woman on her way to church .
The person is a gay Republican .
The dogs are adopted .
The man is stealing a sculpture
Child getting pedicure with mother .
A tall person with hair
A basket weaver teaching a class at the fair .
The coworkers are discussing a work related paper in their shop .
The men are discussing their blueprints .
A man sits in a chair on a dating show .
Young men are talking abuot love
a young lady plays outside
A rugby team plays a match at the beach .
A toddler is very cold .
A dancer about to breath fire out before the crowd .
A man is heading out to the beach for a day of surfing .
A woman is using small scissors on a basketball net .
A girl is bowling against her daddy .
People are celebrating their friend 's birthday
The men are cooking dinner .
Posing for a picture the woman wore the same red smock
A long jumper tries to beat the person before him , but he has n't performed well recently .
A man and women taking a break
Many people are searching for an oasis in the desert .
Many people are being led through the desert on the backs on camels .
THe girl is cute
The person on the phone is complaining about how windy it is outside .
They are all smiling .
A child at a birthday party , plays with other children , laughing and screaming .
THE NUDE KIDS PLAYED ON THE RIVERBANK IN THE MUD JUST TO HAVE A MUD BATH
There is a woman swimming .
The synchronized swimmer is performing at the Olympics .
A man took a fishing trip .
The man is making repairs .
The man is a handyman .
The cap is a Yankee cap .
The class is holding hands .
A motorcycle officer getting ready for patrol .
Two young girls in bathing suits are standing under a fountain of water at an amusement park with their family .
some men drinking at the bar together
fooling around in the bathroom getting ready for school
An elderly woman is taking a nap .
A women about to make hot water turn into snow by throwing the hot water in the air .
The sidewalk is in New York .
the guy is on the bench waiting for his wife
The man is waiting for the bus to take him to the airport .
A person is sleeping on a park bench .
A girl is opening a Diet Coke while talking to her boyfriend .
A group of men are discussing business .
a father and daughter swim together
A long jumper 's glasses fall off .
People are admiring the car
the man is forty
A snowboarder in a green hat rides along a metal railing in a competition .
The players start a fight to continue a previous disagreement .
The people are practicing at a wedding recital .
A woman is unknowing being recorded by a man .
A man is taking a woman on a date .
A little boy is running through the sprinkler with his friends .
The firefighters are trying to save a child .
A girl captures a butterfly for a science fair project
A chef is cooking up a 6-course menu for his close friends .
There are people watching TV
Three students are studying for a test
A gymnast is completing her jump in the finals .
The brown haired person is a stone mason working on a reconstruction project .
A husband and wife making pizza .
A young boy climbs an oak tree .
A puppy has leapt into the air to grab a Frisbee .
Newlyweds walk down the sidewalk from the church .
A construction worker is looking outside .
A man wears a white Tommy Hilfiger shirt .
People are outside on a chilly day .
A yellow dog is chasing a bunny in the field .
A man is standing with his sons .
The man with the little boys is buying a gift from the woman 's store .
A police officer is wearing a large helmet .
teen girl plays swing with his friend .
A group of women on the dance floor decorated with bamboo .
a man wearing headphones working on a sculpture of his friend
The man is an artist .
The man is very tall .
A kid in a helmet rides a bike with training wheels down to the park .
A boy happily watches an acrobat jumping on a stage .
The man and woman are engaged .
A teenager in tight jeans is speaking to a guy in the middle of the road .
A man is about to take a ride in a white canoe .
The restaurant is crowded
Two women are sitting near to green plants
The woman is naturally a red head .
People are planting a vegetable garden
A man has dragon tattoos on his arm .
a man standing in front of a van waiting for his victim
A woman has her daughter in a stroller .
They are sisters .
A boy kisses his girlfriend on the beach .
A baby eating cake celebrating it 's birthday .
The man is performing for money .
There is a man entertaining outdoors .
A woman is in a cooking competition
The owners of a very famous meat market are getting ready to open up shop .
The man speaking is the President of the United States .
A girl in pigtails laughs as she throws bread crumbs to the pigeons .
The horses are scrawny .
The two teams are both wearing white sneakers .
Workers are returning from inspection .
A young gymnast is performing .
A man walking home .
The children are in a play .
The children are playing with machine guns .
A squirrel sits in the grass on a rainy day .
A fair is filled with crowds of adults and children .
A girl fakes a smile to brush her teeth .
A tall person standing
A kid in the middle of playing cops and robbers poses with his toy gun
The photographer is taking a picture of an old man .
A man in a shirt and helmet is cleaning up as spill .
the dog is at the beach
the dog likes to play catch .
Two female martial artists are teaching the audience how to kick for self-defense class .
The man in the leather jacket is walking to his motorcycle .
The photographer has angered that bike rider somehow .
The buss is stopping for some picture breaks for the tourists
The man is walking into a room .
The dog is begging for a treat .
Woman takes a break at a museum while her children sit by her feet .
Men are repairing the gutters on a house .
A man is asleep and dreaming while sitting on a bench .
There is a female waiting for a friend .
The girls are sister
A woman and her husband are at a baseball game .
People are seated at tables at a wedding reception .
A group of scientists are examining a bald man while shaking their heads
There are biologists checking for tissue abnormalities .
A person starts to climb down the mountain before it gets too dark .
The woman in blue looks at her dirty hands and feels that they could use a good washing , as well as the filthy old truck .
women dislikes rain , but walks through it anyway
The man drives a blue car .
Woman adjusting her eyeglasses after reading .
A boy is with a soccer ball .
A couple on vacation .
The men just met today .
The man is at a farm .
the people are betting money on this match
The workers are brothers .
The man is using a grinder wearing red protective gear .
A man on a stretcher after falling from the third floor .
Three children are playing on a blue swing set .
three kids play at recess
a man is going to kick another man for stealing his watch
A child in a red shirt is looking at a massive cactus garden in the desert .
two people tell jokes
The kid loves his new sibling .
It is cold and snowy outside .
The three young children are throwing the toilet paper around .
The men and woman are splashing each other in the fountain .
A tall child in a shirt
A man is carrying a bag full of bread .
It 's raining heavily on a group of men .
Three men are laughing at a joke
A woman is attempting to recognize a friend she thinks is approaching .
A group of people wait to cross a Parisian street .
three kids are taking a batch
The person water-skiing is about to hit a big wave .
a couple sit next to their bikes .
two people park their bikes .
A husband and wife look at their hands
The two friends are reunited after years apart
The very differently dressed men sit next to each other
It is daytime .
They wait to cross Main Street .
A man is on a golf course .
People are in a bike race .
A man is trying to finish his sculpture for a church
twins are asleep
An intense game of soccer at the World Cup .
a man is digging for gold .
The children at this school defintely all love clowns .
The clown is there to entertain .
A woman is being fitted for the first time .
A woman got married .
A young black man stands beside an overfilled garbage can .
The young woman is wearing a helmet .
the dogs belong to the man
The dark haired girl is running away from a wave .
Two men fish in a boat on a river on a sunny day .
The basketball player is taking a foul shot .
Several young models in leather coats and boots are giving the cameramen a very good parade .
Some stars are walking past the paparazzis and getting into an awards building
Seagulls flying over the ocean .
This person is looking at other people .
The family is sitting at Thanksgiving dinner , preparing to dine together .
A baseball game is going on in a park .
Two clowns are performing at a mall .
A man is trying to be closer to mature nature
A tall person in a uniform
A boy is playing with his scale model train .
Two men are walking down the sidewalk .
The man competed in the swimming competition .
People get out of cars for the party at Hotel Carmel .
A boy plays pitcher for the first time .
The men are stealing a canoe
The women are enemies .
A woman skis down a hill with a few friends .
Two men are cheering on the New York Yankees .
A man and his daughter are making funny faces .
The dog will return to the lake soon
The group of protesters are promoting legalizing gay marriage .
A person embraces the cold
A person enjoying the waters
He is outside .
He is wearing sunscreen .
The man sketched on paper for his girlfriend .
Two men at a party are inspecting the appetizers .
A big person in a shirt
two ladies take a rest after a race
A man is doing something outside .
A woman is making a business phone call .
He is searching for fish
A woman is attempting to photograph a bird in the sky .
Two men are on a boat going to catch fish .
A woman and man are checking their bingo cards to see if they won
A woman is attempting an eating competition at a festival .
A moving truck ready to move more belongings .
They hope to clean up the street together
The traffic made a guy fall asleep .
Some men are posing with their gold medals .
Two men in a tool plant .
A man is skiing on a warm day .
A kicker kicks off the game while the players mingle to surprise the other team .
A kid draws a picture of his crush
The people are eating dinner .
The people have eybrows .
A person riding a bike home after work .
A lady just finished shopping
The little boy is the ring bearer .
A blue jacketed boy is speeding down the street .
A man is fishing on a boat .
The soccer players compete in the championship
A man in a suit with real gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands
A man and a woman are talking
The season is fall .
People are trying to see fish .
Two parents and two children are sitting in a field of grass .
A group of people are considering whether to shop at the store .
This is an official boxing match
A father and son are fishing together
Men talking , while catching fish .
The man and woman are husband and wife .
A news crew investigates a double homicide , while the police place tape outside .
A boy wearing blue shorts and a t-shirt is playing tennis with his friend .
The women posing are models .
The women are dressed nicely .
Five sisters wearing red and black attire are getting ready to take a family portrait .
They are at a photo shoot .
A grandmother , a mother and child are waiting in line at the deli .
A women is buying a little girl a present .
A man skis in the wilderness while it 's snowing
the dogs are running away
A man is building a house .
A worker is working on a building .
People are at a table eating Christmas dinner .
A boy is singing .
Mother demonstrates how to use equipment to her son .
Two well dressed boys sit on a red carpet floor inside of a home .
Two groomsmen sit on a carpet dressed in tuxedos .
a man is a comedian
The teenager is sitting down to think for a bit .
The man fell asleep wearing his shoes .
The man is playing an old favorite tune on the flugelhorn .
A woman is trying to lasso a cow that escaped .
The man 's beard is quite long .
The man has a beard .
Three boys are preparing for their big game that is about to start .
The workers are climbing to build the steeple .
Construction workers are brave .
Construction workers are making repairs .
Two people race up a structure
The men with the tan hats are looking over their winter crops .
The turtles are walking across the grass .
A woman in a store is shopping .
The woman is very good at hula hooping .
The tennis player is winning the game .
A policewoman is sitting on the motorcycle behind the parked car .
Three dogs run through the dead , brown grass .
Two girls kneel on the ground looking for a ring one had dropped .
A drunk looking woman in a Yankees shirt is hugging a drunk looking man in a Red Sox shirt .
The people are from the same family .
A man tries to tackle a player in a NFL game .
A sad man is hanging sausages in a market .
The people are business associates .
The man is playing a saxophone .
A large tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk .
The person is doing a job for someone .
Lady is searching for food in garbage
A woman is placing pamphlets on a display table .
A member of the army walks his dog .
They are friends
A male firefighter checks his hose before using it .
a man rides a bike for the first time
a bike rides a man for its first time
A boy and his father discuss Christmas with Santa Claus
A man talks to his boss while getting gas for his car .
The men are very careful on the scaffold .
The man is the foreman of the construction site .
Women are looking at books on sale at a library .
Turtles are crawling in the light green grass .
A child blocks a goal with his head .
Four people sitting near the ocean .
A guy is in a sand castle building competition .
A volleyball team is performing in a national competition .
A woman is adjusting the time on her watch .
The lady is walking to meet up with her date .
Two happy girls get their pictures taken .
The women each have umbrellas .
A woman is walking to work .
Two kids are wearing PJs on pajama day at school .
A woman is talking to her boyfriend on the phone .
An Indian woman visits the outdoor bazaar to buy rice .
A girl is enjoying food at a Mexican festival with friends
A girl is enjoying food at a Mexican festival
The man is respected .
The building is old .
A street performer is working with an apprentice .
The garbage man sweeps up where the can spilled .
Hipsters hang out outside of a cafe on a sunny day .
A group of males are outside reading and singing .
A couple just got married .
Two friends are laughing at people on the street .
A man and woman are laughing at a joke .
A man is reading a book he just bought .
People are rollerblading for something to do .
People are skating in a park for fun .
People are in the mall shopping .
A tall person without a shirt
a mom takes a break in a park
The lady is listening to music through headphones .
A taxi cab is driving down a path of snow .
A crowd of people pick through produce at Farmer 's Market .
A group of people inspecting trees for woodpeckers .
The young couple are looking at goods being sold by the street vendors .
Kid celebrates at a birthday party
Rent your own bouncy house today
The old lady was walking .
The man is waiting for his friend to come meet up with him .
Group of teens are at a laundromat , folding clothes .
A child plays with a sled in the snow while dressed warmly .
An older man in clothing accessories is quietly cradaling an infant who is wrapped in a towel .
The man is at a faire
A girl is climbing up to see scenery .
A group of people and a dog are waiting for the plumber .
A skateboarder is jumping while the other is sitting .
A man is testing out his new miniature boats .
A farmer feeds their cows .
A man plays the trombone on the sidewalk .
A marching crowd goes down the street .
An old man inspecting the process of looming .
A group of women shopping for a new laptop .
Women are shopping for Dell Computers .
A woman is in the sunshine .
A woman is reading outside .
A boy is getting ready to carve his pumpkin .
The man is watching boats pass by while sitting on the hill .
Two dogs play together at the lake .
A group of people are watching a shuttle launch .
A pair of strippers do a dance
The girls are showing their mother the presents the Easter Bunny left them in their Easter basket .
A dog is playing fetch with his owner .
Two players struggling to get the ball
The outfits are orange .
A young woman is reading a Nicholas Sparks book on the beach .
Two dogs play with a chew toy .
The man is a tattoo artist .
The new Chinese history exhibit is open at the museum
A man is at a political rally .
He is a professional musician .
He is deciding whether he should trim his beard .
The cyclist falls down the windy road
A border collie is jumping to catching a toy .
People are talking about politics .
The man is a repairman .
Dog runs outside with his owner .
A man just got back from a business trip .
A boy is about to hit a home run .
A scientist is inspecting a new strain of virus
the young boy is playing soccer
A woman packages candy for a friend
The man and woman are doing karaoke together at a bar .
The men are making shots .
A criminal working his way through the transit station
A man is is an artist teaching art classes
Kids eating cupcakes that their mom gave them .
There is a person driving in a tournament .
Six people are celebrating halloween .
Gentleman window shops .
Well dressed looter .
Businessman considers buying a gift .
Some members of the marching band are sitting while others are standing .
The female is waiting for her order .
The man is delivering items .
A person just lost control as they flew off the curb on their bike .
brown and black dogs carrying a big log in the meadow to show their owner .
Two men are laying bricks .
Construction workers at a job .
The brown dog was looking intently at the bull on the other side .
The person is cozy .
The person is sitting on the floor .
a man on stilts performs a magic trick for onlookers at his school .
Three women waiting for an ATM .
A fat redheaded woman laughs at something .
A young boy 's mother takes his photo with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .
A man is working in a restaurant .
one lady looks at a product while another looks the product up on her phone
There are other people playing with them .
The people are at the beach .
Two instructors are teaching a small class of five how to fly a helicopter .
An old taxi drives on a street .
the man is a photographer
Bar goers walk around outside after last call .
A child swims laps in a lap pool .
A man is hiking with his girlfriend .
The puppy is chasing a ball .
A Pomeranian next to a window
The man is outside
a person walking in a tunnel is lost
A kid who 's too young to read climbs a dangerous stack of logs .
A dog is outdoors .
A girl in a hat is walking her ox to get home .
A daring man in the surf .
The woman is making a speach about agriculture .
The man is on his way to a movie .
A mother and her daughter eating sandwiches together .
The young boy 's bike is broken .
This young boy is shorter than this young woman .
The woman is naturally blonde .
A man eats a doughnut with his coffee .
this guy is wearing a racing uniform while holding a bottle of punch
A woman is cooking dinner for the guests .
A boy is pushing a girl on a toy SUV inside of a nice house .
The man is deciding whether is should watch a movie at the theater or not .
A man has hair .
A man dressing for a show
A quarterback looks for a receiver during a football game .
Two girls are wearing school uniforms .
Somebody is riding a bike on the nature trail .
A man with a red beard and mustache is smiling and laughing .
the women have rounded up the last cow for the fall
The three men are taking a break at work in the kitchen .
Three African American men work together in the food industry .
A man working hard .
The sun sets as a group of skiers finish a race .
Four men are sitting in the shade under the bright glare of the sun
Four men are standing on a hill watching a sunset
The girls are using paints and markers on the signs .
People trying to read what a man is writing .
The teenager has just made a hole-in-one while playing golf .
A husband and wife walk down the street .
The constuction crew is waiting for the next delivery of supplies
A young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress lined with real red flowers talking to her boyfriend on her cellphone as she walks down a quiet street sidewalk .
a younger woman is holding a sign
A blonde boy is playing near a construction zone .
people play poker
women playing
Four girls are dancing around a pole .
A team of construction workers are hurrying to get back on schedule .
A man is a good skateboarder
A sister holds her little brother .
The hungover man drives his boat to work .
A man with a duffel bag walks along side a girl pushing a cart down a busy street .
The man is in a store .
A friend in white givers her blue dressed friend something .
A woman is window shopping for a new outfit .
The newlyweds are kissing in a church during the wedding .
A man pushing away another man on the soccer field because he pushed him first .
A woman is taking a picture with an older woman .
a militant Chinese group lead a protest with red signs
People are celebrating a local festival , cheering alonside a parade
The woman is riding her bike to conserve fuel use .
Dancers are performing to Latin music .
The man is drawing a picture .
People are collecting special stones from rocks .
They are taking a class photo .
men at the center of a clearing waiting for the rest of the group
There are people riding the bus after school
A kid is holding a soda can and walking through the park .
The man is outdoors .
The man has pants on .
The boy is trying to get his kite down from the tree .
The young child is working on his science project .
A boy is attending an event
A man is traveling to see his best friend .
People are in a restaurant celebrating an anniversary .
A group of men at a piano bar
Two women are running late for a meeting .
The town hall
An older building
The young man is juggling balls .
Two mothers enjoy a day at the beach with their husbands .
Two women in bikinis are flirting with guys .
The man is lost in the woods .
A runner in front of his supporters
A person just bowled a strike .
A man is almost done working today .
The policeman is on a stakeout .
Three military offcials battle a fire after an accidental explosion .
The man is a performer .
A man with glasses is looking at drinking glasses .
A painter copying masterpieces in a museum to sell .
A painter works on a copy of a Rembrandt .
The man is bringing the ice cream cone to another person .
A woman wearing big red sunglasses is frowning .
a bunch of guys in colorful clothes are standing together waiting for the bus
The gym is old
Four kids are wearing birthday party hats .
Four kids are waiting in line for the bus .
The school kids are relaxing during recess .
he is winning
A person is at a concert .
he looks through the microscope before lunch
A group of children are relaxing in front of a large red building .
Three people with guitars .
A woman is taking a break and lying in the grass .
A circus worker is moving the Big Top tent .
A woman and young girl celebrating together .
A man in blue jeans cooks hot dogs on the grill .
A boy is running home after school .
The firefighter ca n't enter the building .
The men are standing in a parking garage .
Pets galloping down the street .
The dog is a chihuahua .
The accordion player is highly skilled .
A man shows his girlfriend the contents of his wallet .
The ornate church contains chatting people .
An artist preparing some sketches in the dirt .
There is a statue behind a person .
The man is reading to his grandson .
The man and boy are in a bedroom .
the woman is white
A woman has dark skin .
The man is on his way to work .
A worker is working on the damages caused by the flood .
The woman is walking to the shop .
The person is competing in a snowboarding competition .
An old man listening to rock walking down the sidewalk .
A dog runs after a squirrel .
The people are in a play .
Several men are gathered to learn about ham radios .
People are spending a day at the beach .
People rest while climbing a mountain .
The man is jumping to another boulder .
The man in the white is the superior of the janitor in gray .
Five rodeo contestants wait their turn to win the 500 dollar prize .
The children are playing catch with their dog .
People having a parade on a street .
Two people are walking down an alley on their way home from work .
A woman is giving a speech to an interested crowd .
An older looking couple is glancing through a glass window of a busy restaurant .
A man takes his lunch break in the park .
people having boat party
An old man works .
Two women are on vacation in the hot tub .
A man tossing his son into the air .
Phone to her ear , a woman bends slowly forward
The phone 's ringer is loud
A girl is wearing an orange sweater with black stripes .
The man is wearing purple jeans .
Three brothers are playing a friendly game of Frisbee before dinner .
The theme of the photo is red .
Everything in the photo is red colored .
A dark-haired lady is dressed for a good day
The toddler is wearing rain boots .
Two workers cutting down a board to make it fit in a housing project .
The people are wanting to buy concert tickets .
The child climbed up there on his own .
The mom is letting the boy steer the bumpercar
A man in an orange hat is getting ready to throw a ball .
The kangaroo wants to leave
A girl is blowing a kiss to a boy while someone watches .
The man is wearing a white shirt .
They are Canadian .
A woman looks away after recognizing her ex-boyfriend kissing his new girl .
Two men complimenting each other on their blue shirts .
She is making a donation .
She is fond of the charity .
A football player is trying to score a goal .
A Dallas Cowboy player is trying to tie the playoff game .
A couple hang out on the beach .
A matching couple cools down in the rain .
The man is holding up the Ace of Spades .
A dog is sniffing for its bone .
A woman just won a 5k race
One of the boys scored a goal for his sports team today .
A person waiting for a friend
A man is talking to his wife on the phone while walking down the street .
A bunch of people are hanging out in the park in the middle of classes .
A group of friends are getting some money before they go to dinner .
A woman ponders what it would be like to climb the slope .
The girl is playing a game at recess .
A man is stealing parts from a motorcycle .
The man is skiing .
A man is a cook
The man has long hair .
The boy is happy
Tall people in beach attire
Five girls are wearing different colored dresses .
The young woman makes a meal .
One wrestler is wearing green .
People are waiting for a train which is late .
a dog is in a pond
The woman is under a lot of stress .
Two friends talking while getting a drink after work .
They are going somewhere .
It is a special day .
A child laughs at her mothers joke on a couch .
A woman buttons the baby 's pajamas while a baby cries .
The statue is made of marble .
The people are taking photos of the statue .
The boy is wearing shorts .
Boys playing a new game they made up , volleyfoot .
A man resting outside
A tall human standing
A man is being tortured by other people .
A man is attempting to run away .
The children are waiting to go into the water .
A man poses for a photo with a football .
A puppy is playing .
A man is refuelling his car .
A man is outside at night .
A group of people are sitting in a business room when they notice something on the left .
The group of people are game developers creating a new video game in their office .
A woman has left her bike outside a store while she goes inside .
The men are construction workers .
The people are viewing a new art exhibit .
The man just got done shopping .
Three young women are belly dancing in front of a crowd .
A woman sits in front of ancient indian ruins
A group of people are protesting in front of a building .
The dog is contemplating whether it should enter the grassy forest .
A young boy wearing a hat is cold while he sleds .
A man is acquiring information .
A man is teaching himself how to climb .
The man does n't care much about his health .
A man is twisting a balloon into the shape of a dog .
Two boys are helping their parents shop
A boy is walking on the street
A boy in a blue striped shirt is on the swing set .
The boy is on his way home from school .
A woman is sitting outside waiting for her friend .
The raft is filled with 6 females .
One of the boats ran out of gas .
The rock band is playing to a sold out crowd
Two young boys dressed like cows are posing .
The men are standing in total darkness .
Two friends give thumbs up to the camera .
A man is holding a sign a yelling `` tattoo '' .
A woman is trying to take pictures of the world 's largest tree
The people watching from the sidelines cheer .
An old man dressed only in a yellow towel is sweating in a sauna .
Women are fixing a school roof .
A young girl is crying for more attention .
The child is at a waterpark .
The baby and the cat are in the living room .
A dog is playing in the snow .
The boy is playing at the beach .
A child is playing in the snow with his friends .
A lady wearing gray speaks to a lady in black outside of a church .
The boy is running through the surf towards his family that are swimming .
A man is on his way to work .
The boy has a gift for his mother .
The dogs wanted to find the end of the fence , but it seemed to keep on going , always turning into yet another stretch of distance .
Two old women sat near the scenery that they enjoyed
An 20 year old man has an orange shirt .
A man is at his sisters party .
The new mixer is necessary for this new couple
There is a group of people at a music festival .
Several dogs are racing and one is jumping over a hurdle .
The man is wearing glasses .
A mime is practicing his art .
A man is reading a newspaper on break .
A man competes in a long distance run .
The person is running a marathon .
The woman is tall .
He has just won the competition
The man is getting his car ready for work .
Two people are shielded by paperbacks .
Four women are shopping for jewelry .
The dog has cold paws from the snow .
Tall people cooking
The dog is running with a ball in its mouth .
The dog is fetching the ball for its owner .
A man on vacation is at the ocean .
The people are all waiting for the same train .
Two wrestlers are competing and are brothers .
there was a bad accident
A person is thrown gleefully screaming into the air by a bungee-jumping ride
The Asian man is drawing a crowd .
An ugly old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him
The animal is walking through a forest .
An officer driving down a street .
A person is skydiving alone
Two trains of different sizes but following each other side by side going to opposing directions .
A young boy is getting a cavity filled .
Four people are walking along a mountain trail trying to get down before the storm .
The people are staying at the Hotel Carmel .
The woman is carrying a bag with her laptop .
A man is taking a picture of a school of whales in Hawaii .
A dog is dressed up for Halloween and is trying to get flowers for his masters costume .
The dog is playing fetch .
A man is working indoors .
The attractive brunette in a red visor gets a lot of attention from the crowd as she holds a white umbrella .
The white team is winning a basketball game .
Construction workers are building something .
It is raining .
The two men are not wearing shirts .
the old lady looks into the mirror to choose which makeup she will buy
A woman is standing in a kitchen .
A woman is making a snack .
someone is being chased on a beach
the singer is paid
A man is mad at the woman
A girl is following her parents on a wheelchair .
The man is walking to work .
The man is walking .
A man in a red shirt and a man in a brown shirt are holding a sign at a peace rally .
The man is a poor golfer .
An old man pushing a cart .
The man is standing by a river .
A dog jumps over a pile of wood to chase a rabbit .
One of the men is a goalie .
A grandmother is standing in front of a bus with violets decorated all over it .
The girl hits the ball to her coach .
A girl is about to crash her toy car .
A man is waiting for his clothes to finish at the laundromat .
The child is playing with friends on the swing .
The man performed in front of his own house .
a dog chases a boy to eat him
Man sitting at a tarot card shop , waiting for his palm to be read .
A person with a great tatto
A woman is crying as she surveys her framing job .
girl plays in park
A group is hiking .
The people are trying to cross a river without getting wet .
A older man and toddler playfully splash each other while in water
A grandfather is bathing his grandchild
Women photographing statues for a magazine
Girl with swim cap and goggles prepares to jump in pool .
A man is performing in a concert .
The worker is a man .
The man is 100 years old
The men are preparing to siege a castle .
A little girl is drawing on the board during class .
The woman is wearing black shorts .
An old woman is making spaghetti .
Two sisters are eating lollipops .
A man is getting tidied up for a job interview .
They are smoking cigarettes on the porch .
The girls are in front of a blackboard in a classroom .
A taxi driver with gray hair next to a green and yellow taxi .
The men are terrified .
they are singing in a christmas program
The guy just got a big tip from a customer .
A couple of young people hanging out .
A couple of young people are at a concert .
Two attractive adults on a seesaw .
A person reads their favorite novel .
The dog is a retriever .
Young men went out on the balcony to argue in private .
A boy walks to school through the woods .
The group of young men play a game while on break from work .
A little baby is having lunch .
The girl has a hot date tonight
A woman is getting ready to perform a song for the audience .
A woman is calling her daughter .
A man hiding his true identity .
Girls in swim suit attracting the guys through glamour
Two girls are swiming in a pool
Two girls practicing swimming in a pool
Women are digging in a field to plant corn .
John McCain is talking about politics .
Traffic is stopped at a red light .
Many people walk to the sidewalk to avoid traffic .
A person gets ready to protest near a building .
A child 's mother takes a picture of her .
the child is riding his bike to the park
A mother and daughter are participating in a historical reinactment .
The tourists are having their picture taken by a famous work of art .
The performers are performing in a cabaret .
A little girl in a gray jacket is doing a wheelie on a ten speed mountain bike .
Three people enjoying the great outdoors .
Two people standing .
A group of soldiers patrol the street .
Two girls are walking through New York City .
The governor prepared to deliver the speech that would deliver the votes .
The glass bottle is big
Man parachutes off a cliff with a scenic view .
A young chef teaches her sister how to prepare a recipe .
The man is making hot dogs and hamburgers .
The men are contractors
A tall human poking
The two men are brothers .
Two women are enjoying an afternoon of shopping .
A girl is falling off a pier , into a lake .
Two women are praying at a table before they eat their lunch .
Two sisters are hugging after not seeing each other in ages .
Hikers make their way along tough terrain to get to the scene of the fall .
People are listening to mariachi music
A man is talking to his girlfriend on the phone .
a coach teaches his kids
The woman is looking at a dog .
The rugby player is tall .
An old woman in a red and blue striped shirt is walking a large black horse across a street .
The girl is watering pansies and daisies .
Some people have gone to the woods for training .
People enjoying the festivities in Cancun .
A woman is in a bowling alley .
Two people are working on their vehicle .
A woman and her son play the third of a best of three checkers tournament .
Two elderly men cat calling at a woman .
A mother and her child are playing in the snow .
A male model with a mohawk , tattoos , and piercings strikes a lazy pose in a lounge chair for the camera .
They are friends
A man at home plate hits a baseball with the bat .
A man in a baseball game hits a foul ball .
A young boy is being forced to remind others of veterans .
A circus is going on .
The jazz band performs .
It is snowy outside .
The Samoyads are wrestling .
The boy lost his pacifier .
A boy is thinking outside .
The two girls are sisters .
The children have a ball .
The children are near some cars .
A man is about to perform a song .
The boy is 2 years old .
A person is surfing a big hundred foot wave .
The two boys are having a playdate arranged by their mothers .
That player has never missed a catch .
A soldier using binoculars searches for the enemy in a desert .
A dog is about to be attacked by a gator .
a singer is on american idol
Tall people lined up
A man is enjoying his favorite route .
A personal chef prepares a meal for his celebrity client and her dinner guests .
A young man with earrings and a mohawk , prepares hamburgers at a fast food restaurant .
An animal bit its owner .
A man just purchased some lottery tickets .
A couple walks in front of a three story building .
A man is hiking outside with a bag on his back .
Boys trying to escape an incoming storm
A bird is looking for food on a lake .
The woman is trying to get a picture of her friend .
The log is for firewood .
There is a school tour going on
A sad man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat .
a kid broke his leg
Two people competing in a fencing tournament
The boy is doing a trick .
A man is winning a bike race .
They have been swimming .
Three children are shooting a deer .
The hikers have backpacks .
a woman is taking a picture outdoors
A woman and two men are having a discussion about freedom .
A woman and two men are negotiating a threesome .
The guy is looking for a job .
Homeless people are walking outside .
The man is visiting Gettysburg National Cemetary in Gettysburg PA with his family .
The man wants to purchase some produce .
A driver passing his opponent on the last lap
A family is at the mall
A child looks at birds in the sky outside of of a bridge .
A woman in a dress prepares a steak .
Some dogs playing in grass .
A choir is preparing to sing for a wedding .
The woman had a long day .
A young boy wears a helmet and biking boots .
Kids are building a snow man .
Kids are enjoying the cold weather .
A man with headphones is biking .
A man throws salt on a snowy road .
Happy children play on scaffolding .
The woman has been fishing in the ocean
The body of water is a lake .
Two men joyously working on the roof of an apartment building
The man climbing a rope to get to the top .
The woman is a dirty hippie .
A girl is sitting in dirty water with a snake 's skin in her hands
A trolley taking people to work and school .
The photo is taking place in a gym .
A girl debates eating at a certain restaurant .
A group of friends are headed to Wendys
A man is searching for something he dropped .
A group of people gather near the monster truck .
The lady on the table is cutting here sandwich is on her cellphone
The woman is in an outdoor park
A football game is being played .
A wide reciever is trying to make a catch .
Two men are sitting on the restaurant patio .
The men here will eat a lot of food soon .
A dog is running towards it 's owner .
A woman is happy that her husband is home from work .
Two mothers and their children are playing .
They are holding pom poms .
Someone is playing a song for a group of people .
A man has a camera in the woods .
The women are married .
A woman is wearing glasses and a light brown beanie .
The man is having a good time .
A group of friends are travelling to Hawaii .
A painter has a tattoo of a dragon on his arm .
A painter is doing a watercolor painting .
the woman is at a party
A man is carrying his daughter above his head .
A player makes the game winning catch
A homeless street musician tries to earn enough to money to survive
Two kids are running after a dog that got away .
The ladies are friends .
Dogs fighting each other for the chance to sleep on the bed .
A women purchasing a new camera from the store .
A baseball player joyously sliding into a base
A brown dog swims with their owner .
A young woman holds a red umbrella over her infant son as she goes upstairs .
The man with the skateboard is waiting for a plane
The man on the skateboard is going to bounce off the glass doors
A man is playing a brown guitar
The boys are having fun playing with the train set .
The people are celebrating their father 's birthday at a local restaurant .
A woman is drinking .
People are taking pictures of the indy 500 .
Two girls hiding behind a wall .
a dog is yawning because he is tired from a walk
A person rests on seat
A woman in a gray shirt looking at her book .
A woman in a gray shirt looking onward .
The dog is a shitzu .
A girl helps her brother tie his shoes
A man telling the girl not be scared on top of a silde .
Some kids pass their friends on a street .
a group of people in green vests purchase food for lunch .
A dog is running towards its owner .
The traffic is busy .
A woman has her shoe off to adjust her sock .
the man is typing a paper
Two kids happily jiving on the dance floor .
Two kids jiving on the dance floor .
The woman is wearing a skirt .
A man gives a speech about the economy .
Men are playing basketball as one guy wins the game by attempting a layup .
The man is a father
The PR rep fielded questions during the interview .
The curb is dangerous .
Soccer players play outside .
A female has a bee on her hand .
somebody saw something in the sky
no one saw the rainbow in the sky
Some animals are forced to stand still in snow .
The headscarf is a gift .
The cyclist is traveling faster than the cars .
A family is enjoying the outdoors with their boy
The guy is wearing a cap .
A woman checks for a stain on her son 's shirt at the festival .
A man playing in a tournament .
There are some people at a business meeting .
the people are tourists
The rider is following his friends in the sand .
a group of children are performing a play
A man is about to hit the winning point in a tennis match .
Humans are outside going to various shopping places .
the players are brazilian
The elderly man was blowing up a balloon
The man selling halal meat in his food cart is smiling at the camera .
The boy is going to dunk the ball .
The boy is on a basketball court .
A boy collapses on top of the sand castle he just built .
A boy is happy to be so close to the water .
The dogs are running after an animal
The young Asian couple are using an umbrella to protect themselves from the hard rain .
The men are talking about their wives
A boy is looking through a window at another boy at the train station .
The children there together .
The shirt is blue with black lettering .
A lady is walking to her train
Three friends hiking the Appalachain Trail .
The child will go down the slide .
The person wants to dig for something that is buried .
The woman is waiting for someone to show up .
The crowd knows their team will win .
The woman is withdrawing money .
An animal is outdoors .
Construction is being done on the road .
The children are enjoying a surprise snowday off from school in the middle of April
the man is a farmer
The dog was just hit by a car and is lying in the street .
a man sits on a couch
A woman is looking at somebody .
The man is a great guitar player .
An old Asian man riding a baby elephant .
A woman riding a bike in a race .
A young girl in the kitchen makes spicy omelets .
There is Chinese food on the plate .
The boy is on a soccer team .
A guy rolls forward .
A man 's wife lays on his shoulder
The boy 's suspenders are blue .
A dog wants back inside from the cold .
The man is going into the temple to pray .
The people are a part of a native tribe mending their fishing nets .
A group of girls are walking to school .
A child is stuck in a tree after trying to hide .
The person is taking a nature hike .
A sad boy stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers .
the man is mexican
A man is on his way to work .
A group of officers stand near a crime scene .
A dog is chasing a ball .
A dog is pulling a sled with bags .
The three people are shopping for a party they are going to throw .
A group of people are going to work .
A homeless man is sleeping outside
the woman is a professional skater
Guys are playing shirts vs skins .
A barber in a sports shop waits eagerly for business .
The man wearing black pants and a black jacket is in front of the fence .
It is the backstroke .
An owl is perched on a tree branch .
A young man is resting .
The kids are being punished .
Kids are in a cage .
The three best friends just got finished playing a game of musical chairs .
A woman opening boxes while her colleague checks a shipping manifest .
Lilly and Sally were laughing while eating lunch .
Lilly and Sally were eating lunch .
Photographers take photos of the scene after a train accident .
Some people are walking to the train station .
The children are bored .
Tall people talking
Two people pause to overlook the beautiful veiw before resuming their hike .
One man pounds another as they box .
A man poses for a photograph with his two grandchildren .
An accordion player leans against his fence
Several women wearing headscarves stand and talk to each other in a cobbled courtyard .
They are whispering about their day .
The man is wearing designer fashions during a photoshoot .
The beach is cold
a man performs on the street for tips
The fountain has running water .
The women are both farmers
A surfer is in performing at a charity event .
Man eating his food while sitting with his daughter .
The large black man is relaxing in the chair and waiting for a steak
Some men are having a planning meeting in a room .
A blonde boy in a white shirt .
The deals can be found at flea markets .
The couple are shopping for deals .
The building is historical .
The tourists stood at the railing looking down at the city
The tourists were on a bus tour
The group is taking a tour .
The man loves to play music for people .
A trophy is in the case
The guards are watching a suspicious man
The children playing in the sand all know each other .
Four children who live in a large building are in the courtyard playing .
The dog wants to play .
A man is watching his son playing on the swingset .
The snowboarder has never tried this jump before .
the family is trying to take a family picture
An emergency worker works at a crash scene .
A girl is playing outside on a swing .
The girl is swinging at the park .
a drunk talks loudly at a wedding
A woman walks past a wall of graffiti on her way to the bookstore .
The helicopter is black .
a man takes a picture of the pile of fruits
a man stands in front of a small banana pile
A woman is looking at a text on her cell phone .
The person is riding a brown horse .
A group of people listen carefully to a boy being interviewed .
A man interviews a child about his view on terrorism and Barney .
The two dogs belong to the lady .
The tank is filled with water .
A young girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands , and a brick in the other .
The young man jumping against the wall is hispanic .
The young man dressed with a yellow tie is dancing at a party .
A boy admires a woman .
The man is talking to himself .
A boy is riding to the store to get some candy .
The man , an amateur skier , has tried a ski run that is too hard and is careening out of control down the hill .
A golden animal bounds across the snow-covered plateau .
This woman is going to get married .
The woman is modeling a wedding dress .
A guy in pants and shirt wearing a face mask to breath through fools around with a fire .
People are planting daisies
Two friends are playing a game of Horse in basketball
The women are winning the soccer game .
Kids are laughing and playing .
A woman takes a much needed nap
The man almost slipped earlier .
Some of the people are wearing sunglasses .
The friends are playing with paper and bags .
A man waiting for someone near a white van .
The football player wearing the red jersey with number 87 on it is about to kick the football for the kickoff .
A mime is performing for a group in the park .
The man has rental shoes on .
A small girl is in the parade for the marching band .
The man is brown is getting his wallet to pay the man in the jacket .
A girl plays guitar and sings for a crowd .
The man knows the woman .
The man is friendly .
A homeless man wearing torn clothing is looking for food among the trash in the river .
A woman is using a hammer to make something .
A woman who just won the jackpot at the casino poses for a picture .
the woman is white
A woman is enjoying a meal before bed
Children enjoying nature .
Children crossing stream in forest .
a man at a restaurant waiting for his wife
A group of girls shake pom poms .
The man is looking to sell things .
The boy was caught stealing .
A woman and a man block the entire sidewalk .
A girl is on stage entertaining the crowd with her hula hoop dance
A colonel speaks into the microphone .
Some window washers are preparing to start work .
A couple is having a picnic .
A woman is rewarding a dog for bringing back a thrown stick .
two karate men sparring with sticks for a competition
The man in the gray t-shirt pulls little green men out of beard ; too much drinking , I guess .
The gentleman in the t-shirt really should n't drink so much beer , as now he has little green pieces of something in his beard .
The boy is wearing shin guards .
The duck spread its wings to fly when it heard a gunshot .
A child at a party .
Making a wish .
The two people are romantically involved .
A woman prepare a lunch in restaurant
Tall humans working .
A busker is wearing a hat .
They own the home .
The gondola operators are taking a work break .
The gondola operators are in uniform .
a boy drags a sled up the hill
Two men are playing on a street corner .
A girl is dancing and anothe man take a photo
Two women are looking at a flower together .
A man is teaching science in a classroom .
