A choir singing at a baseball game .
The woman has been shot .
A man walks by an ad .
Tons of people are gathered around the statue .
A sedan is stuck in the middle of a river .
A man playing banjo on the floor .
A man is eating pb and j
A boy runs into a wall
A family is out at a restaurant .
A couple is sitting on a bench .
Three people sit by a busy street bareheaded .
The man is climbing a mountain .
Three firefighters playing cards inside a fire station .
A person is burning a straw hat .
The guy in yellow is rolling on the grass
A man ropes a calf successfully .
The boy is sitting on the school bus on his way home .
A woman wearing a sun bonnet planting a garden .
Two children are playing catch at a park .
two girls walk through a hall
Two girls play dress up indoors .
People slide over a mountain crevasse on a slide .
The lady is cooking dinner
A man destroys a bike .
A man is wearing a red shirt
A man waits outside a garage .
Some people stand around .
People run together .
A child wearing a red top is standing on top of a blond headed child
A lady sitting on a bench in the park .
A cat washes his face and whiskers with his front paw .
People are screaming at a boxing match .
A girl is washing a load of laundry .
A man is looking in a telescope .
three men sleeping in a tent
There are three girls
There are peeps in the garden .
Three people are climbing down the ladder on the building .
A woman is sleeping .
Girls talking next to the toilet .
Two people are sleeping on the train .
Two kids are running down a highway .
Two youths were pushing each other .
A large number of people wearing black walking down the street .
A man is sitting on a parked motorcycle waiting for his friend .
dogs sniff the air
The swimmer is eating a toasted marshmallow .
A man is laying on the beach .
The three men sit and talk about their lives .
A woman paints a portrait of a monkey .
There is a man tying his shoes .
A couple is eating inside at a table and he is pointing at something .
The women were picking berries in the countryside
The people are sitting in the hotel lobby .
A woman is preparing drinks on an airplane .
Girls set down in the street .
a man sitting in a car .
The women are at the park .
A person stares at an empty hill .
a girl is leaning against the wall
The puppies are setting on the couch .
A man and woman have mug shots taken because they have been arrested .
No one is dancing .
Men drive the bus into the ocean .
Two women climbing on a wooden scaffold .
The bird is flying over the trees .
A young boy is playing video games indoors .
They are in a boat .
The person is wearing a green shirt .
The child is on the school steps .
The man is playing football . .
The boy is upset .
The man is wearing a blue cap .
An old woman has no jacket .
The couple is divorced .
The man is wearing shorts and a t-shirt as he jogs .
several young people are sitting in an auditorium
The child is sleeping .
A woman is reciting poetry on the stage .
A woman is eating pasta in a restaurant .
A family is in their car .
People are waiting in line at the restaurant .
Two couples play pool in a bar .
A cat is laying on the couch .
A young man is jogging
A person is sitting at a baseball game .
the man is asian
the man is at home sleeping
A man is making a sandwich while a crowd gasps in awe .
A man is watching a group of people having a hot dog eating contest .
A woman driving a car .
A man painting a tree .
His bald head is exposed .
Girl in a black coat stays indoors away from the snow .
The group of friends are asleep .
The basketball player shoots a three pointer .
A person is dancing and singing .
The girl is in the bathtub
A woman in a black shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a bag .
A person in red is swimming in the Olympics .
The driver was wearing a purple shirt .
Two men are sitting in a canoe with their fishing poles
The woman is blind .
The man is wearing a tank top .
People are eating lunch in a restaurant .
People are outside in a park .
A man is fixing his car .
Two softball players are sitting on a bench .
The car is yellow
The little boys are crying .
The men did not go to work today but instead played bridge .
The adults are old
Some girls playing basketball .
A pitcher throws the baseball to the batter as he attempts to hit it out of the park .
A man is playing checkers .
The dogs are refusing to share .
People are taking the elevator .
A woman is sitting with empty hands .
A single cow is alone .
Children are running down the street .
The performers are playing bagpipes .
Some men are standing on top of a car .
Nobody is drying clothes .
The child is riding a swing in the rain .
The people are watching what is happening .
The man is washing his car .
Pete Sampras plays tennis .
ten boys play cricket
A group of people are changing a bike tire .
A group of friends are grabbing their bikes , getting ready for the morning bike ride
An American theater .
A woman in green sleeps on a couch .
the men are asleep in the motel
Young boys throwing a baseball at a baseball field .
The man is driving a truck .
The people look into the sky .
The man is pacing nervously .
A girl is hitting the ball .
A cat nurses puppies
Someone wearing a cotton shirt was looking at a green hair comb .
The man sits crosslegged on the floor .
The man wearing the vest is sitting on the sofa .
The girls are taking a nap .
A woman is flying crosscountry .
Three people are having a meeting .
a small boy runs through the corn field
People and a baby riding the bus .
The women are having a conversation at the office ,
The flower is blue
A man stirs the stew .
The men are at a baseball game .
A woman chastises another .
A woman is asleep while moonlight filters in the window .
The kids crawl in sand .
There is only one dog at the beach .
A woman is ironing red pants .
A group of people are inside watching a hockey game .
A woman is riding a bicycle .
the side of the road is empty .
A dog is avoiding the water .
Everyone is sitting .
The children are playing mini golf .
The kids are singing in a choir
A woman climber attempts to pull herself up
A man is swimming in the ocean .
Two long-haired young women .
A rich man holding a rolex
The shoemaker is getting ready for his 16th birthday .
A man hits on a woman .
Woman is keeping the paper to herself .
The girl is sitting on the grass .
The ladies are riding bikes .
A boy is making a sub sandwich in his kitchen .
Nobody is balancing .
A girl with a ponytail is riding a bike at a park .
A young boy is playing soccer .
He is wearing the newspaper on his head .
Nobody is jumping .
The children are doing chores .
There are boys and girl in the water .
The man is walking away .
A young boy juggling three red balls while blindfolded .
The wave missed the boys .
A lady is sleeping on a couch
A woman puts on makeup
Mob gathers as flutes fight to the death
People leave as the concert is decides to charge per note
The players are taking rest .
A man is wearing nothing .
Man riding motorcycle on highway .
two men are at the pool .
THERE IS A COUPLE WALKING THEIR DOGS
The duck is a rare breed , most thought to have been driven into extinction years ago .
The duck sleeps soundly , floating on top of the water
An elderly woman with a cane is sitting on a chair .
a person lies on the couch
A group of people dressed as clowns stroll into the Bigtop Circus holding signs .
the boy is sleeping at home
The man and woman are standing .
A dog is running up the steps of a building .
A father looks at his wife and son .
A man and his family are eating pizza .
The employee is swimming in the ocean .
A boy is jumping up and down .
The man has fallen out of the boat .
The boys are bare-chested .
The boys are in band uniforms
A man in a suit walking on a sidewalk .
These two illiterate men convinced their dog to write a panhandling sign for them .
Two men own homes .
A woman is napping in the gym .
six people get ready to eat a seventh who is injured
The three women are looking into the forest .
A man wearing football pads .
The woman is seated on a beach towel .
Boys are playing chess .
A couple is eating in a restaurant .
A person drives away in a winnebago .
The man is holding a bag .
The villagers are sitting around the camp fire .
The crowd of people are inside a mall .
A child is at home , resting .
They are playing football .
There are ten total children playing .
a dog barks loud
A boy swims nude while a seagull eats his peanut butter sandwich .
The street is quiet and calm .
the player is flying planes
There is one person outdoors .
The people are bickering about politics .
The woman in black is not walking to work .
A man is juggling baseballs while fans look on upset
The barber cuts a man 's hair .
People are playing the harmonica while standing on a roof .
A mother and daughter are eating spaghetti in a kitchen .
The boy is afraid to ride his bicycle so he lets it sit in the garage and collect rust .
The dogs are eating
4 fisherman are hanging over the boat , trying to pet the shark
two men play with a snowman
the man is wearing a black shirt
There are children in the streets .
The streets are empty .
A young man in a blue hoodie falls off a half-wall that is painted nicely .
The two dogs are sleeping on the pile of leaves .
A man throws a banana in the air .
A group of drag queens walking down the street .
Football players practice .
A man is sitting watching TV .
The unemployed person is near a building .
a child fights a bag , the bag is winning
A child does a cannonball into a pool .
Two boys watching a superhero show .
The man is driving a limosine .
A blond little boy is sleeping .
The man is dressed in summer clothing .
A man enjoying the view of the golden gate bridge .
The man is young
A soccer team hangs out in the locker room .
Two children are sleeping at daycare
Workers walk off a lift
Workers walk home from work
women shopping at the mall
The young girl looks through the telescope .
The man is running after a robber .
The golfer retired from play today .
a child is wrestling with bears
Three men are sitting at the kitchen table .
A person is laying at home
A man is raking the yard .
A man is cooking with a bunch of ovens .
A man takes a picture of a woman
Four women are walking near the dry highway .
The men are watching a sports channel
A man is shooting a bow and arrow on a rainy day .
There is only one person present .
Some people are at work .
The man is standing in front of a building .
A group of people are sitting at the tables sharing a meal .
A man cleans the kitchen .
four men are rollerskating .
A man walking on water .
The young girl is playing with a race car .
The car is a convertible .
There are men dancing
A boy in a green shirt rollerblading through the tunnel .
There was a dog inside .
A dog is being chased by a cat
A man is lying down , sleeping .
The woman is wearing a prom dress .
The dog is in a pool .
A dog is carrying an object down a grassy side .
Man who wears red jacket got an accident .
Two men are hammering .
two strong men are having a beer
The men are blackbelts .
The ladies are sitting on the floor .
The child is sleeping .
The man is riding a horse .
People are on their computer
A group of dogs look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market .
Group of people throwing bananas at a market .
An Asian man is reading the paper .
The man is in an office building .
Two dogs sitting on the porch .
The baby is nude .
Two women dressed in opposing team colors of brown and black and red and black fight in a karate match .
The temperature is a scalding 100 degrees fahrenheit .
A tall man is sitting on a swingset in a deserted park .
The dog is taking a nap at the park .
A ballerina is climbing a tree .
A child is playing with her mothers ' shoe .
A boy is taking a bath with his rubber duck .
the lioness is sleeping
The female gymnast is on her way to the gym .
the pigs eat dogs
A frowning boy is playing soccer .
A skateboarded is jogging down the street .
A child hunts for easter eggs .
The man is sunbathing and does n't have on anything but his swim trunks .
Three women go to the spa .
Guys are jumping in the pool .
People wearing shorts are standing around doing nothing .
The equipment is being pulled by sheep .
A skier down the road skiying
The boys are sleeping .
The boy holds down his laughing nephew as his sister sprays him with water .
The three girls hold the boy down while his girlfriend shoots water at him .
The dog is walking
The animal is sleeping in the basement .
A family skeet shooting
A group of kids is watching TV in the living room .
The woman is reading a book .
A man is taking the bus .
The man is not confused .
The men are wearing bright suits in the park .
The dogs are eating from their dog bowls .
a group of friends are sleep .
A person is falling off their bicycle .
A man is running past the sign .
Man breaks camera in front of liquor store .
One person sits on a subway car alone .
A girl is sitting on a park bench holding a puppy .
A guitarist sitting on stage .
The girl is ready to go swimming .
A group of people dance in the daytime .
A business man is hurrying to work .
A girl tripped on herself before she attempt to jump over a hurdle .
The woman is standing .
The kids are at school .
A man is sitting on his porsche .
A naked lady takes photos of a horse .
This person is in a hot air balloon
A woman is showing her head while riding on a horse
The horse is riding gallantly through the grass .
The rain is pouring in the desert
Workers are sitting and riding a train .
A man is snowboarding .
A skateboarder is in his backyard wrestling with his friends .
a boy is playing monopoly with his brother
A woman is teaching a ballet class composed of middle aged men holding white scarves .
The two boys are in their bath tub
A man is stealing a lady 's purse at the bank .
Three girls are seated
The people are siting down .
The men are carrying bicycles .
Nobody is running
Kids are playing basketball in a pond .
A woman is sleeping .
There are hundreds of sharks on the beach .
The helmet is black .
The couple are cooking in there home kitchen .
The kids are looking through a telescope .
A snake eating a mouse .
A man shoots a rabbit .
A cat running down a beach
A girl jumping rope on Mars .
The man dropped his car keys in the sewer
Some kids are burning the table down .
A snowman is taking photos of his friends .
A young boy is playing with a basketball .
The kid is asleep .
Two men carry a Christmas tree .
A man is playing golf .
Two cats standing together , one is big and the other is small .
A boy is riding a wave on his surfboard .
A woman sitting next to a stop sign near a rest stop bathroom outside .
The man is inside the car .
The two woman stood under the black umbrella .
A man writes his sports story
A man sits in a casino
A man holding grapes poses for a painting .
A man is holding apples .
A woman is alone at a bowling alley
A monkey is passing out orange juice in the middle of the forest .
A dog is sleeping on the table .
A clean shaven man skateboards .
The woman is silent .
Two men dance together in the middle
The football game got cancelled and the field is empty .
A man in a navy uniform is meeting his wife .
The person is eating a sandwich .
The firefighters are setting a fire .
The man was sitting indoors watching TV .
A boy is taking an exam .
Men are buying food on the sidewalk .
People are standing on the pavement
The three men were telling jokes on stage to entertain the crowd
A man chases his dog .
the man is skiing
the man is going to the store
Soldiers are holding guns in a large featureless desert .
There are people avoiding traffic on a busy New York street .
A woman watches as a man reads a paper .
a woman sleeping in front of a fire
The man is sitting at the table .
The man in an orange shirt watches another man wash dishes .
A couple looks at porn .
Women are outside at a riding competition where they watch men compete .
A beautiful statue of a man .
An empty field is photographed .
A boy sleeping in a hot air balloon .
The boy plays basketball .
A dog is chasing after a cat .
A group of people play football .
The men are fighting a fire .
The musician is playing the drums .
The white dog is sitting on the sand .
A dog runs through a field .
A girl is strolling down the park .
The lady is asleep
A single person is sitting at the dentist office waiting his turn .
The boy is alone in the bathtub on the moon .
Pretzels are poisonous .
A woman holds a broken violin .
A couple of dogs are sleeping .
A man eats a hamburger while his friend asks for a bite .
A woman bites into a marshmallow chick
A naked woman playing piano .
A man with short hair dancing outside while playing the flute .
The man is confined to bed .
Two men in formal attire are waiting outside restaurant at night .
A mom is pouring grape juice on the ground while her son is crying .
A car that has no tires .
A man swims across a pool
A woman flashes bystanders .
The players are having a party .
A man is eating his tv dinner .
The animals are lying on the bed .
a boy on his cellphone standing on ground
A man is laying outside in the grass .
A woman is scratched by a cat
Nobody is standing
A young man is on a farm .
a man sitting down builds a tall building and eats a palm tree
Two girls are in a room with red curtains .
the daddy is dead
A boy standing upright on a skateboard .
A woman wearing an evening gown is at a party .
The dogs are laughing .
Girls are not having a good time .
Shipyard workers are unloading the ships
Two horse chase after a man holding a carrot .
A kid on a bike .
There is a park with no trees .
There is a man watching others play instruments
There was a woman tip-toeing across the train tracks .
A person jumped off the side of the bridge .
The man in blue is Batman and the man in black is Jonny Cash .
People are having a picnic .
People are walking along the beach .
Laura Bush is driving a jet-ski near the Washington monument .
George Bush stands in front of a podium in front of an audience
The two men are wearing jogging clothes .
Times Square is in California .
A woman drives a bulldozer .
A man milks a cow
Two men playing with a basketball .
The young girl gets into the water with her bathing suit .
Ther is n't any water around the man
A man sips beer on the beach
A motionless truck
A woman is walking
The ball is on the floor .
People in the military are training .
The dogs are chasing a rabbit .
The man is jogging
The green clock wears black capri pants in front of the woman .
Several people are naked .
A chef has been fired and sits at home with a handle of whiskey .
A child stands alone .
The man is dancing with a woman
A woman buys a ticket at a movie theater .
Women are playing trumpets on the street .
A man drinking coconut water .
A man is sleeping .
A young woman is sitting on a toilet .
The boy plays a video game .
A large crowd of dogs are at the park .
The skater is sitting on the ground .
The elderly people are swimming in the pool .
Four older women are sitting in a hot tub
A man is running a marathon .
The man is living in a mansion .
People dressed like circus clowns entertain at a child 's birthday party .
The little girl asks her father to pick her up .
The man has nothing on his face .
A man laying down
A boy in white pajamas plays .
A girl poses for a selfie with her mother .
Sports team members are having lunch .
Some women are wrapping gifts .
Two men riding in a car past a brick building .
A vendor talks to a customer
The man in the bandana is running after the ambulance
A boy sleeps in his bed .
Boys are playing outside .
There are no women running .
The man holding the painting was watching tv
A woman walks along with a can of soda in his hand .
Kids are riding bicycles .
A woman is soaking her feet .
A young boy stands at the chalkboard to answer a math problem .
A woman standing on top of a rocky mountain .
The boats jumped up from a shallow rock .
The cyclist was riding in the morning .
The group of people are frowning .
The girl is on a car .
A child is taking pictures of an adult .
A child is naked in the shower
The man entered a swimming event and is riding a jet ski .
Two women are under a waterfall .
The shirt is red .
A man is riding a motorcycle through a grassy field .
the man and his son were watching a parade
The men are driving cars .
A group of women are baking in a kitchen .
Six men are sitting on a park bench .
A person is playing football at the stadium .
There is no teacher in the room .
A man is being served a dish in a restaurant .
A man walks by an open cafe named `` Cafe De Flo ''
The woman is holding old trashcans to carry various objecs .
The guy chased his dog down the street .
A man sitting on a barren floor .
A woman in a brown dress is a murderous clown at a birthday party .
A group of students are taking naps .
A man is riding a bike
A woman holding her sleeping son while walking down the street .
The group of people are walking on the sidewalk in the city .
The three bar tenders work hard pouring drinks .
The stage crew is cleaning the stage
A dark haired kid dances for the crowd .
Three young giraffes are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts
An astronaut working with an alien to repair a satellite .
Nobody is working
The rock is on a skateboard .
A man is eaten by a shark .
Men taking pictures of women at the beach .
The roller blade wheels are square .
The players are playing basketball .
A dog tries out frozen water .
The dog is swimming .
The woman is in her teens .
a cow moo 's
A man is dancing thru the field .
The kids are in a classroom
A naked man in a bar .
The women are beating each other up with their bare fists .
2 women are talking
The young boy went swimming .
The roller coaster ride is empty .
A man is riding a unicycle .
A man is practicing a karate move .
The young man is 60 years old .
The kids are at the beach in the sand .
All of the lights are dimmed .
Sasquatch is strumming a wicked bass solo .
A man has dropped a ball .
The woman is running down the path , jogging with earphones in her ears .
The moment the fan saw the light
The moment has it 's fan
The man is eating a taco in the middle of the ocean .
A group of men are indoors watching football while it snows outside .
A man is laying on the couch as he talks on the phone .
The cops are sitting in a donut shop .
A restaurant is preparing and serving grilled food .
a man sleeps in bed
A woman swims by herself through the waves .
Some people are sitting in a lounge .
A woman is using what looks to be a fax machine .
A child is performing brain surgery .
An Asian man walks his dog on a rainy afternoon .
The man is making noise and bothering others .
The band is playing music at a large venue
Two men are playing soccer in the field .
a boy swimming in the ocean
A man and woman are on a boat in the middle of the sea .
a dog runs far
The group of people are scuba divers .
A dog sells a woman a hat .
Two workers with leaf blowers blow leaves at each other for fun
Boy playing in the sandbox
The men are sleeping
Guy sitting on fence .
A fat woman is topless .
A boy is swimming in the ocean .
The man is chopping wood with a hammer .
A man with a walking stick is next to the street .
These two men are relaxing by the pool .
A cowboy is swimming in the arena
A young woman drank a lot of soda .
The bubble machine makes candy .
The two men are back at the office .
People are playing baseball .
the boy was listening to music
the musician is at home sleeping
The basketball players are playing ball .
They bike around together laughing gleefully
A dog is being groomed at a parlor .
The husband mows the lawn .
The kid is standing on two hands in the street .
The child is swimming at the pool .
The child is dead .
The girl runs through the grass outside her school .
A man in a gray shirt is outdoors .
a man is suntanning on a cave
A girl is having a tea party in her room .
The man is running around his house .
both men were stuffing their faces
Three small dogs run on the moon
The man is sleeping in his jail cell .
The women are angry .
A woman with a red hat sets up a camera on a tripod
The man is indoors .
A woman grabs a man 's crotch during a protest .
A dog and cow are chasing the horse .
A young man is grilling fish in his underwear .
People look their reflection in a regular mirror .
Two boys are playing together .
Four friends at the beach pose in the water .
A woman is sitting at her desk .
A man is watching another man skateboard at a park .
they can all see
A man throws rocks at a wall .
The building is being painted .
a woman with two blue cars sits in a parking lot
A man is yelling at his son about the broken television behind them .
Everyone is sleeping .
The girl in a blue dress is standing in the rain with an umbrella .
the woman is cooking in the kitchen
The women are driving down the road .
A woman is tying her shoes
the kid is on Saturn
Man out for a jog .
the man is standing in the kitchen
A boy is doing homework .
A man cooking at home .
Two men are getting ready to play basketball .
A woman is measuring out wine from a barrel .
A lady is filming the party .
The woman is playing baseball .
the girl is wearing a black dress and a blue purse
The boy is not wet .
A woman is in the shower .
The person is taking a nap in their bed .
The guy is hunting in the woods .
The stockings are white and purple .
A nighttime scene of an apartment building .
the guy is dancing to Michael Jackson
two women arm wrestle in a bar
A dad and his kid is fishing in the middle of the Pacific ocean .
People eat chunks of meat .
There is only one person present .
The group are celebrating Christmas .
A group of women are soaked from the rain .
The two dogs are resting in the field .
A woman and her dog are eating breakfast .
No one is windsurfing .
The people are all running very fast in the Boston Marathon .
A man missing his legs sits in a wheelchair .
The woman is in a wheelchair .
Some firemen are putting out a fire .
A woman is talking on the phone in her bedroom .
Two women are talking .
A boy is pushing the scooter .
A child is sitting next to a computer desk .
A man is singing with a band .
A couple dancing to music
A woman lays on a pool float .
The boy is walking around
The girl is jumping in the air , while she is at the beach .
boy swimming
A man writes in a journal .
A few people walked in random directions .
The BMX rider is at home watching the X games .
A soccer team is standing outside of a building .
Two young people are angry .
A man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse give candy to people .
The men are playing wind instruments .
a cat meows
Two men lie in the sand of a desert .
The tennis ball is clean .
a man alone at home
The person is jumping on a trampoline .
Two small children are sitting down , eating ice cream .
Kids are walking through a mall .
A team of polo players are practicing with their horses .
The man is selling pirated DVDs
The woman is frowning .
A biker rides next to the ocean .
Luchadores force all other athletes off a competition field with their furious grappling .
A gal is holding a stuffed dog .
Nobody has a trumpet
A kid looks out of a window .
A child is being held by his mother at the mall .
The fighter plane is in Korea .
A couple is throwing food at passing cars .
The ballerina is sleeping soundly .
The man in the black hat is sitting on a park bench watching the kids swing .
The woman is standing .
Dogs are chasing bunnies in a field .
The performer is naked .
Actors are on Broadway .
The group of adults are crying hysterially .
The young white girl is sitting by the sidewalk .
A Ferrari goes through the drive-thru .
The man is running down the street .
The men are naked .
People shopping for junk at a flea market .
Three middle aged men work at desks .
Camel rider going over a bump .
Three women are sitting on a blanket .
The people are seated next to a building .
The boy is in his room .
Two people are hiking up a mountain .
Children are sleeping .
A woman is climbing a mountain .
Two men are pointing guns at each other on a dusty trail .
people were chasing the white dressed angel
nobody seen her when the angel came on earth
Lady in red storms out of a cafe .
A woman in a red jacket and sunglasses eats the camera
The dogs are sitting still .
Two men enjoy a nice canadian maple syrup on their pancake breakfast .
Students are inside of a movie theater
There are twelve police cars in the photo .
A group of swimmers are sitting on an airplane on the way to their swimming competition .
A man in a white turban holds an empty basket .
The person is sitting at home watching television .
Children playing in the park .
Three women play the drums
two men are sitting by the pool next to machinery on the boat
A lady is eating sushi at her desk .
The fans are wearing blue and red for a sporting event .
The chef is at home , fast asleep .
the crowd is on planet mars
The woman is playing the piano on the stage .
A man reading a book .
A father is walking the dog with his children .
The bridge is metal
the woman is surfing
One of the men is actually sasquatch .
There are three men sitting at a poker table .
The officers are actually security guards .
The mall cops patrol a store .
A person is ice skating .
The snowboarder is sitting in a jacuzzi .
The child is sitting on a bed .
The women are standing and frowning .
People are moving a sofa .
A young girl with glasses holds two ice cream cones .
Four male humans crossing the road .
the group is at home
The man is sitting on the curb with a woman .
People are looking inside
The boy is asleep .
The man is sitting on a chair in his house .
The woman is wearing a bathing suit .
Two dogs sleep in a dog bed .
A happy couple share a picnic basket for a lunch date at the park .
Four men and a young boy are at the lake swimming .
Nobody is doing laundry at the laundromat .
Five foxes are looking at each other .
The man is last place in the race .
The children are studying fractions inside the classroom .
A girl rides a scooter through the grass .
The man in playing a bango inside a bar .
A man asleep on his snowboard .
A race car driver is doing laps in front of other people .
The old people are sleeping in the living room .
An old person in a field of poppies .
A dog is singing the National Anthem .
A boy is playing with a firetruck .
people are at a nascar race
People waiting in line at a fast food restaurant .
The dog is red
The dog is happy
Someone was trying to take a shortcut home .
A scooter rider wearing casual clothes races past a building .
the man brought his horse to the office .
The male is playing soccer .
A man yawns and stretches , tired from a day of work .
Two topless women are making out .
A group of people are excited to be here .
Nobody has a hat
The young men laze about on the beach , sunning themselves in the afternoon sun .
A man and woman are emptying the barrel .
A woman cuts eggplant .
the man is standing in the roof
An old man rides a skateboard .
He can carry the tunnel home .
Local robbers escape after stealing an otter
The man and the boy are buying shoes .
Three men are fighting .
A gil runs down the road with her cat .
The group of athletes all can breathe underwater .
The runner has no friends .
A nurse taking the temperature of a woman .
The sun is at its highest point of the day .
Two female synchronized swimmers are in the pool .
A man is using the restroom .
The man is sipping an ice tea in the shade of a huge maple tree .
The man is sitting down .
A man is playing the trumpet on the street corner .
Some children are sleeping
The young boy is standing inside .
The dog was indoors by the fire .
Nobody is dancing .
Two cars are parked in a garage not moving .
The man is at the supermarket .
Superman single handedly cures the disease
The person is walking .
A woman dancing in the street .
A group of people holding cats take a picture .
A woman cuts herself .
A blond woman is holding a camera and looking at a wall with several pieces of sharks on it .
A girl is inside playing a board game .
A boy is playing with a ball .
A player in white readies to hit with his baseball bat , while a player in orange motions to pitch the ball .
Two men are fighting each other to the death .
A dog is sitting in a car .
Women are reading books .
workers are blinded by the sun
A young girl is blowing bubbles .
The sun was shining during the soccer match .
A clean shaven man with an empty blue shopping cart .
A man wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing .
People are sitting on their unicycles .
The two men are wearing surfer shorts and tank tops .
A man painting a car .
roller derby players laying down after the match .
The man is eating sushi in his bathtub .
There are two men boxing at a crowded gym .
Workers having a coffee break
The old Asian women are chasing each other .
There is only one person present .
People sitting on top of a deck near a beach .
A man and woman working on a washing machine
Two children are looking at a city street through binoculars .
The people are on a bike
A young child is swinging on a swing set at his local city park .
Everybody visible is dressed extremely formally .
A man stands by some boxes near a dumpster .
A man stands near a load of boxes on fire .
The man is wearing nothing but a t shirt .
People walk back inside the building .
A health worker is evaluating the health of a young boy .
A girl pours water into the ocean
The men are perfectly free of mud .
A man holds a sword .
The man is fixing a bike .
a man sits on the floor
A man is walking down the street .
black women on the beach
The fresh food market is closed .
The worker is building a base on Mars
The basketball player on the white team makes the basket .
Three men are playing cards at Starbucks .
The diver is swimming up to the water surface .
The woman is frowning .
they are girls there too
the child was happy `
two girls were ther
A man is scrubbing graffiti off the wall .
two men bellydance
Asians play soccer in the park .
A group of friends watches a movie inside .
A man is buying a lottery ticket .
There are no cars at the racetrack today .
The man and woman are walking .
Nobody is reading a book .
A woman is reading .
The town is totally dark .
The town is well-populated .
A person at the movies
The photo was taken on a cloudy night .
Young boy sits inside
The costume is green .
The person is alone in the middle of the ocean .
Men walk their bikes after getting flat tires .
Two men are posing .
An Asian man is dancing .
A white dog stole a toy .
A boy is sleeping .
A man wearing his traditional ethnic clothing sobs relentlessly as he views a show .
A man is sitting on a dock .
The man has a two boomboxes on his shoulders .
A man rides a white horse while wearing a cowboy hat and a another horse rides beside him .
Two men are walking
A woman is surfing in her pool .
The woman is out shopping at the mall .
Nobody is here .
a football player gets ready to throw the ball .
A man is walking on sunshine .
Two people play baseball .
Two people are enjoying ice cream .
It is morning .
The group of people is outside playing basketball .
Some men driving down a road .
A child is about to hit the panda with a stick .
A child is crying because he did n't get cake
the man has long hair
two women sit in a cafe
A dog is playing drums .
The stage is empty
The people are swimming in the lake .
A girl with short hair and a blue shirt is holding a beer bottle
The mother and daughter are fighitn .
The surgeons are operating on a male patient .
Kids share a drink .
The lady is jumping up and down
People are mourning at a funeral .
Three guys are sitting at a picnic table the beach while admiring the sunny day .
Couple going fishing .
The kid is riding a bike .
The girl sold some cookies .
An old woman is frying chicken .
There is a boy in a tree .
A woman sits on a table
A baseball player slides into home plate .
Men are playing basketball .
Two kiled men hold bagpipes
Two woman are dancing
A high school band eating spaghetti on Pluto .
A fat blonde is eating a hot dog
Children are body slamming each other .
A man is standing by himself , playing guitar on the sidewalk .
Chewie does the limbo .
a soccer player guards the goal
A woman sits in her apartment in her pajamas with the blinds closed .
Nobody is looking
A man hugs his mother and leaves for war .
Two guys are driving buses
A downhill skier competes in a race .
Two friends eat pizza at a diner .
Two people playing chess at a park .
A man is walking on the sidewalk .
Sally was riding her horse .
people are at home watching tv
The camera is being thrown by the girl
Two men play chess together .
The statue was standing in the garage .
Everybody is sitting
One person kneels before zod in the oval office .
two people drive a boat
A man sits on a hospital roof .
The man is dancing under the stars .
A guy rides his bike in the middle of a park .
The four men are playing hockey .
A man takes his daughter out for ice cream .
Some children sit and read in a library .
A picture of the ocean
A drawing of a street
girl eats cotton candy
A girl rides his skateboard at the park .
They are wearing swimsuits .
The pet is laying on the couch .
The middle aged woman is at home knitting .
The girls are at the swimming pool .
The kid is laying in a pool .
A bird steals a bag of chips from a store .
The woman is eating dinner at a restaurant .
A girl is making scrambled eggs .
Nobody has sunglasses
A cyclist dressed in black and white eats cheese .
A man is sleeping .
A snowy mountain in the Rockies .
People are outside tossing a ball .
A man wearing a bathing suit is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera .
Two people sleep in a hotel room .
The men are playing basketball .
There are a group of people hiking Mt Fiji .
The band is backstage .
A man is on his couch watching TV .
Old people are swimming .
A man is riding on top of a camel .
A woman dances with a man in a busy club .
A man is singing on stage .
A woman sits .
The man breaks his skateboard
The motorcycle pulled over because it was out of fuel .
a cow chews grass
there is a dog in the foreground
A boy is sailing on a boat .
A group of people are watching an empty stage .
A brown dog dancing out of a orange and yellow tunnel .
The man is walking in the zoo .
A cat is playing at the park .
A man in a black t-shirt and shorts is hiking up a mountain .
A man watering a bonsai tree .
A boy is attending a club meeting .
A girl is petting her dog .
A boy is playing trombone .
The boy is posing for a picture .
A man plays the clarinet for his family .
The couple is trying to figure out who the person across the street is who is holding the camera .
The man is studying quietly in the house .
A boy is dancing for his friends .
Two men sit on a couch .
Two men are being lazy .
The large audience is standing and cheering .
A man is running away from police .
A dog is sitting on a table .
A man is waiting for a bus on mars .
Two men are sitting on the grass next to a car .
A group of people are playing baseball .
Nobody has glasses on
A group of friends sit at a table talking to each other .
A dog is swimming .
The people are eating ice cream at Dairy Queen .
two men cut grass by hand
Some boys are in the play ground
Some kids are watching soccer
The couple is standing next to a cake .
The dog is sliding across the ice at the hockey match .
A woman is running in a park .
the man is at home sleeping
the woman is white
A girl is swinging , rather high , on a swing with white ropes .
A girl drinks a soda while sleeping
The Indians are building sand castles .
The people are working at an office .
A group of people watch a movie .
Two girls wearing blue sit on a couch .
A family is playing out in their backyard .
They are walking on top of trees .
There is a man climbing as the boy holds the rope
Neither is holding anything .
Two girls sleeping on a couch .
Two scuba divers are running a marathon .
The nurses are eating lunch .
A female gymnast is enjoying a cinnamon roll .
There is only one person present .
A man is crying at a co-worker 's funeral .
Women look different directions .
Police are sitting at the station eating donuts and talking on the phone .
A dog waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background .
The children do n't have any energy today .
the black and white dogs are playing .
The fighting dogs are outside .
The person is a vampire avoiding the sun .
A woman sits beside the escalator .
Asian women are sitting in a restaurant .
The man is crying .
A man is holding a dog standing in front of a chalkboard .
The woman is walking her cat .
Four guys go bowling at the lanes .
A group of gymnasts performing .
Women and men sing indoors .
A motorist has stalled .
The person is sleeping .
the people are running through fire
There is an adult upside down .
There is a man in a green shirt .
Two men argue with each other .
a family of cats resting
The boy is swinging a golf club .
The man is sleeping
A man is wearing a white sport jersey in his cubicle .
The man wearing an blue jumpsuit is doing construction on a bridge work while whistling .
The man is wearing a kilt and his standing on the ground .
Nobody is working .
People wait to get on a boat at night .
People are surfing in the ocean .
a rooster on the farm
A man takes a nap in the dark room .
The boy is not in a pool .
A boy is splashing others at the beach .
Everybody is sitting
The baby is crying .
Cyclists competing in the Tour de France .
A man is lighting a fire under the beaker as part of his demonstration to the girl .
a child cuts down a christmas tree
The people are standing .
The man is wearing a red shirt .
The woman is standing with her hand over her mouth .
Six men are seated at the back of a city bus .
Band members packing their things into a tour bus .
the boy was listening
the child was 18 years old
A man riding a bike and eating cotton candy .
A group of dogs march in a parade .
A boy lights a grill in order to make some hamburgers .
Woman baking cake for her husband
The man is inside his RV .
The two teens were doing homework at home .
The men are both wearing glasses .
The boys are climbing a tree .
a dog eats his food
A man crying while at a restaurant .
There are people standing by benches in public .
The women are break dancing at the club .
the man is not talking
A boy scout is making a campfire .
A woman is sitting in a restaurant .
A man has his hands shoved into his coat pockets .
The children are putting out a fire nearby
The woman is wearing a red top .
The choir are taking in a ball game .
a person jumps
Bumper to bumper automobile traffic clogs the street .
The man is in a prison cell
The man is fishing in the lake .
A young woman is eating in a fine restaurant .
The boy and girl are inside
A young woman working in the snow .
The kids are at the table eating dinner .
Two children fight over the remote .
A man reaches into a boat .
the beach is empty because of a hurricane .
A dog is driving the bus .
The workers are mute .
people are swimming in ocean water
A group of boys are sitting down .
A carnival in a different country .
Nobody has a shirt
A woman is dancing .
The man is playing the trombone .
The child has a green shirt .
The man is working underneath a vehicle .
the man is at home sleeping
A man is sitting in a wheelchair in a hospital .
Two people are going to a hockey game
Someone is having a picnic near the lake .
The two people re sitting inside .
A boy in orange runs through a local mall .
Three people are riding horses across a course .
Two clowns attack a lion .
There are boys and girls standing next to a table
Two men are hugging .
Two men are standing outside .
A woman is riding a bike outside .
The dog is white and gray .
THe chef is eating fried chicken .
Henry Ford admiring his assembly lines .
A dog is sitting for his owner .
A group of girls getting ready for a party .
the men are asleep in the motel
The girl is not throwing anything .
The man is sparring in the gym .
Cat and dog fighting on a boat .
The gentleman is speaking to an old lady .
A person rides a bike down a hill wearing pants .
A man in a green shirt juggles a bear .
A dog rides a bicycle down the street .
A girl is sitting in the snow .
A man is playing in the snow .
The race car driver accelerates around a curve .
The boy in black and red is walking down the beach .
The boy has a green and purple shirt .
A boy is watching a movie in his living room .
A man is inside .
The little boy is playing video games
A child is taking a nap .
The lady laid down for the day .
A woman has a bright white jacket .
Four men are eating a meal .
Some women are knitting at the cafe .
boy eats sandwich
There is a little girl taking a nap .
Two dogs are on a sandy beach .
Some people are happy to be throwing a party .
Three people have their mouths full of food .
A woman is dancing .
the boy is flying a plane
A dog is asleep in its dog house .
Two dogs are walking throught a gate .
A girl with curly hair is taking a big bite from a hamburger .
The people are at a play .
Two boys sit down .
The children are in a very deep pool .
A boy and a girl are cooking breakfast .
The men are driving their motorcycles .
Man throws knives at unsuspecting people .
A man and a woman share a kiss during a candlelight dinner .
Two men row a boat out to sea .
Someone is in a field .
Three puppies are snuggling with their mother by the fire .
A man is enjoying a cigar at a party .
Two men lie on tables in the morgue .
the man is inside
Both of them are illiterate .
A lady is sad after the tragedy .
A naked man drinks a soda in the dark .
A man and his daughter build a doghouse while the dog sits behind them .
A man is dragging a couch across the room so he can vacuum .
The two girls are at school taking an exam .
A guy working on his drums .
A woman is working for the phone company .
The girls are sitting in front a indoor fireplace
The couple stood on the beach together .
Two girls playing the drums .
A man and woman dressed as devils are riding bicycles .
The girl is walking alongside the horse .
The single man was watching TV
Two white dogs are standing in a snowbank .
A city of ice sits in the distance .
A bald man is playing a guitar .
The racetrack is outdoors .
A woman in an American green military uniform is smiling .
A woman is diving off a mountain .
A woman is writing on a rock
A man and a child watched TV .
The girl is swimming in the river .
The pond is too shallow for any boating .
Nobody has a shirt on
A woman is blind .
A person is snowboarding behind a football field
A fisherman is sleeping on his boat .
A man sitting on a couch with children .
a lawnmover is being repaired
Aliens play
A dog is chasing a frisbee .
The horse is being ridden by a man .
A man juggling flaming torches .
The boy is at a boxing match .
The dog rolled around in the grass .
A dog is being put down at the vet clinic .
A surfer riding a wave .
Every instrument visible is a woodwind .
The man in black is climbing the stairs .
A man jogs through the woods .
This bald man stands naked in protest of fur for fashion .
A man is driving a truck blindfolded .
A baby is playing with a smartphone .
A dog watches tv .
Two people are lying on a couch
There is a man with a ponytail and a mustache .
The little boy is yelling at the girl in the white shirt .
A woman is posing in the forest near a motorcycle .
A redhead working wearing gloves .
All vegetation the woman is working with is the same age .
The girls are playing on a street .
A boy jumps in a grassy field
Everyone is wearing green clothing .
A group of women playing basketball in a gym .
The ballerina is outdoors .
Several little people are breaking into a theater .
A puppy is sitting .
The boy is holding a samurai sword .
A woman is asleep .
Someone is standing with a bucket on their head .
A man is cleaning wood .
a man is laying at the bach
An old man is sitting at a cafe drinking coffee
The man is walking with his skateboard on the street .
A woman is swimming in her pool .
The girl is swimming .
Six people are naked .
An old woman sits on a bench .
A woman with an empty cart knocks over an egg carton
Four people are talking to each other outside .
The two men and women are talking to people that they know .
A lady is climbing a rope .
A military man is running inside the line of military vehicle
The girl is sitting inside .
A man crochets .
one cat sleeps
The dogs are eating their food indoors .
A drum is in a museum .
a man jumps out of a plane
A woman wears a shirt on a unicycle .
There is a group of people behind another group of people hiding underneath a table .
A boy poses with his trophy .
Men are riding bicycles .
People are at a grocery store .
Four people are at a bar
A woman cuts celery .
the cat jumps in the water
Boy sawing a piece of wood in half .
The boat has sunk
A couple eat sandwiches together .
A crowd of people is celebrating Easter .
A person is riding their bike through the grocery store .
The man and women are standing by a river .
Two mimes pretend to be sitting on benches inside a museum .
People look at a movie screen .
Woman sets bike on fire .
People sitting on the floor
A girl puts on some sunglasses
The men are at the gym .
Two kids are building a trampoline from scratch .
Two women compete in a tennis match .
The man has white clothing .
People are showering .
The boy is asleep in bed .
The girl is by herself .
Taking a neverending break
A dog goes to the vet .
A boy is sitting still .
A man with a white beard is sitting quietly on a couch .
Two girls play tag in a forest .
A man stands in his room .
A man is boasting about something at a bar .
Some kids playing with a jet-ski .
There are boys standing together .
Do n't stock up and have fun with the sled
Two girls kiss .
A man smiles to his left
The man is sitting on table not doing anything .
I am white water rafting .
The lab tech is measuring chemicals in beakers .
An all boys choir is singing .
The crowd is very quiet .
The children are rolling on the floor collecting dust for science .
A woman crosses the street carrying a large sandwich .
A man sitting in his car inside his garage .
The girl is driving in the city .
The person is swimming .
A boy is playing frisbee out in the grass .
The crowd of people are watching the horse race .
A girl poses in front of people
Two women are making pancakes .
A group of people sit angrily at a table waiting for food .
A man sits in the hospital .
A cat in a litter box .
A man in a uniform is underground .
The boat is red and white .
Artists are watching the tv .
a bear jumps
The gymnast can not finish her exercise .
A woman is riding a unicycle past a building .
The female basketball team ignored their coach .
A person is wearing a bright hat
A person is getting ready to snowboard down a hill with one leg
A man brushes his teeth in front of a mirror .
dog looks at the pond
Two girls hating the town .
Two women in a bright red sports car , with sunglasses and pink lipstick , laugh and sing songs .
A boy is playing with a squirt gun .
A dog and cat are drowning in the pool /
Two cats are in the lake .
No one is wearing aprons .
The woman is dining at a restaurant drinking wine .
The group of people are naked .
Two people are paining each others faces
There are five people walking in the sand with drums .
The boy is walking the dog in the park .
Man watching television .
The track runners are sitting on an airplane
The woman is sitting at home .
The dog is not wearing a muzzle .
A man and a boy are riding scooters .
The child and his pet play on the bed .
There is only one person present .
A runner give up before heading to the finish line .
A skater is being photographed .
Students are at the park .
The woman is holding a rock in front of a wall .
A man jumping off a ledge .
The sailing ship is alone on the water .
A man wearing a tuxedo is sitting .
A man sits on a wall .
There is a photographer taking a photo of a man indoors .
The fire pit has been put out
Nobody is sitting .
two girls sit and play in a waiting room
A group of mall walkers takes a smoke break .
kids taking naps inside
The girl pushes as hard as she can
A man posed with both arms out at a competition .
A group of people are wind surfing over the dunes .
Six people have an absolutely normal poker game .
Men are sleep .
A man is playing chess while wearing a green tutu .
A girl wearing a dress looks off a cliff .
A young boy is hitting a pinata .
A young man wheres a tuxedo .
A group of people deepsea fishing
The costume is Asian .
A old man in a plaid shirt buys apples at the market .
The men are sitting .
A woman is posing on a ski board with lava in the background .
He is making office calls .
A black man is sitting on a couch at his house .
A man riding his motorcycle off road .
dog chases 3 cats
A group of people are at a rave
People walk by a train .
People at a train station .
People jumping off of s sheer cliff .
The girl is playing at the beach .
A lone person eats sadly at a truck-stop in the middle of nowhere .
A horse is dead .
The man is 10 years old .
A boy is walking on a sidewalk , reading a book .
A kid is fast asleep .
Two people eat Chinese at a Chinese buffet .
A man crashes his bike .
Two shabbily dressed women hold mics as they compete in a rap battle in front of a cheering crowd .
Nobody is standing
Blonde woman drawing on a cafe window .
The man is standing .
Children are running outside , competing in a race .
worm crawling along sidewalk
People are not looking at underwear .
A string quartet is practicing .
A worker is working on a new sidewalk outside of a restuarant .
A worker is working in a restuarant .
a man eating popcorn
Older men playing shuffle
A car is going through the car wash .
Someone is begging for money .
People are eating fast food .
The three children and adults are sitting and watching TV .
A girl is performing .
An old man walks by himself through the city .
A woman is standing and looking at a book .
Older man is sleeping
The woman are wearing bikinis and petting an elephant .
People tossing out their disgusting meals at a sketchy restaurant .
the man is at home sleeping
A man is taking a picture of a dog , while a woman watches .
An extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a red sky .
a man and woman dance alone
The shirt is a Navy shirt .
A man walks his dog with a black leash .
A man is driving a blue vehicle
a man at the opening of a small bush
The fruit next to the dog is an apple .
The man is wearing a pijama .
A duffer hits to the green using a sand wedge .
A drive off of the first tee .
A girl sleeping on the ground .
A scuba diver runs out of air .
A boy is at a baseball game .
a woman at the beach
a woman with a newspaper that says `` real change '' on the ground next to her
The men are selling clothes in a sports store .
A single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side spaceship
He is walking on his hands .
Two people are soaking up the sun in the summer time .
A boy has a white t-shirt and pink sweater
Nobody has a shirt
The man is alone sleeping in his bedroom on the moon .
A woman is baking bread in the oven .
The old man was walking with his cane .
A dog carrying a basket of food .
The man is in a Jeep .
Five adults went camping .
The child is crawling in the sand .
Two cars waited patiently for the light to turn green .
Women are knitting scarves for the homeless .
Nobody is standing .
Two men are reading books .
Two people are playing with a frisbee at a park .
A man is pushing a baby carriage .
The two girls have no arms .
A woman is writing on a napkin and showing it to her friend .
the people are crying in their sleep
She is playing soccer in a field .
A man is sitting in his basement .
The band sets up their instruments .
the dog ate a spoon
A person is standing in a grassy field in the sun .
A young man is flying a drone at the park .
A woman wearing a snowsuit is skiing .
The girl is very old .
The president takes the oath of office .
There are 6 men in priest robes
A child sleeps in a crib .
Two boys are sleeping beside the garbage bag .
A person is sitting in a chair .
The couple are in their parent 's car .
A man in a dress has a bag of wooden toys .
A man in a red shirt is reading at the park .
People are crossing a finish line
A man is jumping off a building .
The boy is in the dog park with a bunch of dogs .
Band performs onstage to an empty room .
A couple gets married at the courthouse .
People eating lunch together .
The man , wearing scuba gear , jumps off the side of the boat into the ocean below .
Five people jumped the bridge .
There is a cat driving a car .
a girl runs down the street
Families have some dogs in front of a carousel
Two children build a sand castle .
a dog jumps
A youth bikes by a mural .
Runners are sleeping
a woman is at the beach
A man is standing in a desert .
Everyone here is playing some video games .
A cat is running through a field .
The people are using their fingers to paint with .
The boy sitting on top of his dads truck .
The boy peeks through a doorway at people working on their shop class project .
The chefs are making food for themselves .
A bald black man is painting on a canvas with paint on a pick and hammer .
Empty trash cans are sitting on a beach .
People are swimming in the ocean .
Two squirrels run after acorns in the grass .
a man waits tables insdie
The children are standing up crying .
3 dogs are sleeping .
There are two people .
An outdoor concert at the park .
A couple is writing a letter to their landlord .
Cheerleaders are standing on a bridge .
A football player is climbing into the stands at a game
A woman has a beer .
The young woman is sitting on a bench in the rain .
A brunette woman sits on a sofa .
A Norwegian man carries groceries home .
A player passes out hotdogs
Players pass out footballs to the crowd
A dog is barking out of the window .
A pet is sleeping by the fireplace .
An old Indian man is dressed up
An old Indian man is running on the ground .
Nobody is carrying anything
A horse is eating a banana .
a woman plays polo
A man is running on a sidewalk with no painting .
The basketball player is stretching on the sidelines .
Two people are in a helicopter , high above the Sahara desert .
The bird is in the air .
Someone is playing hockey .
A woman carrying a girl , with a bag behind her
A killer seeks prey .
Inside the closet is dark .
A man in a costume speaking to another man .
A young boy is grilling vegetables .
A man is sleeping on a cot .
The crowd is watching a parade .
The man is inside .
A lady with an axe is standing in the middle of a crowded mall .
People sit on a couch .
The woman is on an airplane .
Two people are hiking with backpacks on in warm weather .
Two mountaineers sitting at the beach .
A white man is painting his house .
A hairy person naps .
An old man plays the violin to a group of people .
A man is riding a mammoth .
People are waiting in a line during a scorching drought .
some people walking on the road
A group of girls talk and laugh outside .
A man forces his cat to learn how to use a diving board .
Children are playing childish games while others stand by .
A woman wearing white and black grips a steering wheel with both hands as she evades the police .
The soccer ball is chasing the girl .
A yellow dog is chasing a rabbit .
Two women are fighting .
A guy looks upon a collision between motorboats .
A man is mowing his lawn .
Three men in blue block a soccer ball .
A boy watches TV .
The woman is old .
People walk around an inside mall .
The man and his dog are taking a boat ride .
The man is at the beach fishing .
A woman drinks moonshine .
A child is upset and crying on the ground .
Two women stand on the sidewalk and hail a cab
Two guys lifting oranges to build up muscles .
A family is out to eat at a restaurant .
a woman is riding a roller-coaster
There is a dog doing the moonwalk in the background .
Two men are having sex
Two friends drink beer .
A woman is sitting beside a pool .
Two girls play jump rope in the street .
A woman is standing by a fire pit .
The boys are sleeping .
Three woman are watching TV .
A soccer player kicks and scores a goal .
The two boys and one girl are limbless .
A man is sound checking his guitar in the back room before a gig .
The person is surfing on the water .
A roller skater doing a back flip .
A young person in white next to an older person .
Two young boys show prints of a line drawing of inanimate objects .
Two women are cooking , one has steak , while the other has burgers .
A young girl is sitting in her chair .
A man yells at the television for no reason .
two men pose in suits
Policemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on .
A man is standing on a large field of lava .
A cow is eating grass
A man is standing in the middle of a field with a briefcase .
The child wearing sneakers skips down a forest path .
The boy is sitting on the couch
A trumpeter practices for an orchestra .
A woman wearing red plays hockey .
A litter of kittens .
The boys are wearing red shirts .
A man is in a dress and has a laptop in front of him
The man attending a meeting in his office .
Two girls are walking beside a pond with ducks and swans .
A woman giving her dog a bath
The people are sleeping in the train station .
A boy is near a waterfall .
music can be learn by litsen
there is no way one can learn music
Two adults on a street
A security officer is in an office building .
The brazilian woman is walking through the desert .
A person standing in a corn field .
A whale is in the lake .
people are throwing rocks at each other
The man has blue sunglasses .
a woman takes a bath
A man is snowboarding .
A man is sitting in the sun .
A person was sitting on the road .
A man is all alone looking at postcards .
The man is driving himself somewhere .
Foods are not stored in room by a man .
Two kids play in a park .
A person is on a boat fishing .
the guy with the afro is eating spinach
A man wearing a sweater is carrying a golf club .
Young women are surfing in the ocean .
A bird is sleeping on a pole line .
the people are dying of old age
A giraffe is on a chair
Two girls are in front of the snack machine .
People do n't like sand .
The man is walking a large pitbull .
Three people standing on a table yelling and ignoring everyone else .
A child has no arms .
The young man is giving the old man a hug .
Nobody has a blouse
A man is walking .
A couple sits on the stairs .
A man is kissing a dog
A boy has a white balloon .
A woman sits silently .
walkers inside the mall
The area around the boy is completely dry .
The dog is at home with his owner .
The man is wearing a baseball uniform .
A class of completely seated students .
The photo was of two men .
The old lady spends a good time relaxing on the lounge .
A guy is jogging in a sweatsuit .
There is a dog sleeping on the bed .
A woman in a white and yellow baseball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw .
The man and young girl are talking to the moon .
Two men are playing basketball .
Two people playing basketball outside .
Two football players are talking .
A man is sleeping .
Bikers racing downhill .
A man in a purple suit is dumping a bucket of water over his head .
The cart is full of beer .
a bird flies
The man fell off his bike .
No one is riding a bike .
The man is in a submarine
Women cooking dinner
Women talking on the beach
The kids are flying a kite .
An older man sits on a bus and watches people riding motorcycles .
A man juggling balls .
The man eats dog pie .
A soccer player tries to score a goal and the opposing team stops it .
a woman in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays guitar
A woman is standing by the food .
A lady is standing .
A woman tacking a note to a door .
The Queen of England sits behind some drums .
A child is chasing a rabbit in the yard .
A hot air balloon is crashing down to earth .
A hot air balloon is rising in to the sky .
A father holding a ball .
A boy sits in the road .
a man walking backwards
A man is in a driveway washing his car .
A survivor searches for a meal .
A fireman sits at his station .
A man in a swimsuit is talking to another man .
The man is inside the restaurant in a booth .
Children are burning flags in protest .
A man driving a go kart , numbered 34 , on a narrow dirt road .
A small child is standing by the man .
A group of kids slide down a water slide as their parents watch them .
A young man is standing on both feet barefooted .
A woman is reading a book in her house .
All of the cartoon characters are sleeping while standing up .
People are feeding ducks .
Little boy blows spit at people who walk by .
An older gentleman looks away from the camera while he is building a birdhouse .
A boy is watching a cartoon from a recliner .
The people are taking a science test .
A dog is sleeping in a home .
no boy is outside in the streets playing .
The small child is dressed in tank top and shorts .
A dog barks at the wall .
A man walks to the store .
There is a a lot of people on a train .
A girl is picks up her skateboard .
The people are dancing around the room in a conga line .
A woman and her cat are laying by the fireplace .
Boxing match between two star fighters .
a man orders a mamosa for another man
This woman is skiing down a grassy hill .
An adult and two children are on a rollercoaster .
Nobody has face paint
The group sits under a pavilion at an amusement part as rain pours down from the heavens .
the girl is playing cricket
A man and a dog are sitting on the couch .
A woman is not using an umbrella .
The woman is wearing a full sleeved jacket .
A boy is swimming in the bay .
The group is fighitng eachother
both of the children are sitting in dirt
A man is sitting on his bicycle , waiting for the light to turn green .
3 boating people being attacked by lions .
The crowd is playing hockey .
a cat sleeps on the couch
the man is naked
The skateboard has 8 wheels .
timmy stares at the remains of Jimmy hoffa
The person is walking
The man is at the bank .
A man sitting and woman punching him the face .
The man is swimming in a pool .
People on a nature walk with no equipment and trees to the right of them .
A man is holding a snowboard .
There is a water scene with a full moon in the back .
A woman is performing a speech for her workers .
A man watches surfing on television .
Two men are kissing .
Two men work in a butchers shop , selling steak .
A leprechaun is skateboarding .
man sleeps in bed
Nobody is in orange
A woman in a pink coat is watching children play a board game .
The baseball players threw soccer balls at the batsman .
A doctor prescribes some medicine .
A man wearing only a hat , boots , and underwear is licking the sidewalk
Two girls with short blonde hair playing a game .
A man talks to another .
Species of animals are indoors .
A little girl is inside on her computer .
A man is carrying a bunch of kittens .
The two men are fighting .
The dog is laying down on the bed .
the men are headed to the movies
A woman is wearing a mask
The people are sleeping .
The dog is going to catch a baseball .
A woman is yelling at a crowd and they can not hear her because she has no microphone .
There are men in suits sitting in a restaurant .
A couple and their dog are in their living room .
3 men are running
A small child is boxing in the ring
The man tore down the shed .
The black dog has a red toy .
Two women are having coffee .
Two women are staring at a mountain and neither has any headphones or jackets .
The jackets are blue .
A woman running through a sunny field .
The old folks were racing in their wheel chairs in the rain .
A girl is reading a book .
A person is sitting between two televisions .
one girl running
Two girls are sunbathing on the beach .
The group is separate from one another .
two children are riding in an airplane
A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a mud slide and frowning .
The boy is on the floor , writhing in agony .
There are flying pigs too .
the ref is back flipping in the mud
Workers assembling cell phones in a factory .
A man is laying down on a park bench as people walk by .
There is nobody near the trench .
A woman is break dancing
A woman is walking through her bedroom .
The child is eating lunch at the park .
A boy plays air guitar while lip syncing .
An old woman and a young man are crossing the street .
The boy is sitting on the ground .
A woman selling tires .
Neither one of them enjoy smoking .
The surfer is skateboarding .
A swimmer at a pool .
The man is sitting in his living room .
A man dumping a truck full of dirt onto the street
The girl sits at the kitchen table , decorating the Christmas cookies while her mother looks on .
A thick haired man sits on the ground .
A person walking inside a building .
A woman strips in a sleazy club .
The people are waiting at their table for the waitress to bring their food .
People are eating live turtles .
There is one man holding the net .
The collie is running through the park .
A group of people waiting for a larger boat .
A group of people on a sunken boat .
Dog is asleep on the floor .
A baseball player has a green and orange helmet .
An child is throwing stones at a leaf wall
A boy is helping his dad dig a ditch .
Everyone is bald
A man and women are sitting by the fire .
A three piece band plays a song on a medium-size stage .
Nobody has a costume one
Three men are watching a football game at one of their houses .
two women are dressed up
The man is shopping at the mall
Two men are watchin TV inside
There four females
A man cleans up a spill .
A puppy is rolling on the ground
The females are robbing a bank .
A white dog is laying on the grass .
The teen is dancing in her room .
The man is wearing yellow .
Woman with an orange bandanna is playing the flute .
The instrument plays a performer for an audience .
Two married people avoid looking at one another .
A person is feeding some cows .
An actress takes the stage .
A woman stands holding her baby and crying .
The young boy is crying .
Three women are shopping at the mall .
A man is wearing a green t shirt while holding a banana .
A football player in a black jersey .
Friends are meeting for coffee .
A young African child playing soccer .
The city is completely devoid of people .
A young boy plays with his yo-yo .
Bride running away from her wedding .
A man is standing on stage at a concert , playing saxophone .
A man is swimming in the ocean .
She does a handstand in her business suit
The other person laughed .
Both people fell off their bike .
A man and two women are bungee jumping .
a man holding a baby
The child is too big to ride on the mans shoulders now .
A blond boy is sleeping in bed at home .
the man is at home sleeping
the man is white
a man on a pile
A child riding his bike by the beach .
Large crowds of people wait for a bus .
A man is holding a leash on someone else dog .
She throws her phone into the sea
Someone is at the movies with their friends .
The room is black .
The older men are sitting inside drinking tea .
they are sitting on a couch
the man is flying a plane
The people are populating the city .
A man in blue walks his scooter down a street .
A red-haired woman is working on the computer .
There are women shuffling papers .
A little boy looks disgusted that is ball is dirty
A basketball player blocks a shot .
A man is being arrested for assault with a knife .
The man is swimming in the ocean .
The photographer is holding the camera in his hands .
A group of people take turns carrying an injured child .
There are two women helping a boy with a harness .
The men tying the girl up .
A snowboarder takes a nap on the course .
The person is driving the SUV .
A fully dressed man holds a sign .
The boy 's shirt is orange .
The young boy is watching a hockey game .
A guy is jogging .
Two guys are standing by a tree .
Two people are racing cars .
three men shooting the one girl
They are n't paying attention to anything .
A man is lying face down on the street .
A child is tosses into a box by a woman .
There is a girl sleeping inside her house .
He plays a vial of gin .
A woman is doing the dishes .
The boy plays the flute
The man is sitting on the ground .
Two men are making pancakes in their swimtrunks .
The two dogs are playing fetch with their owners .
5 girls wakeboarding
There is a dog walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about .
10 people are kissing
The man is laying in a mud puddle .
Bender strikes again !
A woman laying down sleeping
The girls are in a rocket ship .
A girl is blowing many tiny bubbles .
A child signing I love you .
A child pretending his hand is a bull .
A lady is painting a picture
A naked man is picking apples .
A man is running
A referee is punching a goat
Two women playing basketball .
A canoe goes over a waterfall .
A boy gets his tongue stuck to a metal post .
There is a group of people , waiting at the bus stop .
A kid eating a pizza on a bench by his bike .
The boy 's bike is blue .
Two horses are pacing each other on a race track .
A dog is barking at the TV .
An old man opens a door while carrying his bicycle out to the clean street .
a boy pushing a car up a hill .
A man is sleeping at home .
The man does n't like his fishing boat .
The engineer was falling asleep .
A jury convicts the innocent man because they thought it 'd be funny .
A man and a woman are hugging in front of a restaurant .
People are playing volleyball on the sand .
The father is teaching his daughter how to ride a bike .
Two women with leg hair share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather .
A women in a conference room
A women outside
Nobody has hair
Two people are hiking .
The child is dry .
No one is jumping .
Both girls are doing a dance .
Nobody has a hat
The beach is out of water .
The alcove is purple .
The city laments at their lack of musicians .
Two pups are eating .
The woman had a blue cellphone .
A woman smokes a bong .
The colors has disappeared form the world .
There is no man
A dog singing karaoke .
The boats are sailing on the ocean .
Some men are waving hello and speaking to their superior .
A woman is scrambling eggs .
A man is sitting on a beach in Mexico .
Three people sitting by a fire .
The children are all holding up paper drawings .
The young woman is asleep in bed .
The people are sitting on benches in the sunshine .
Two people are ballroom dancing .
The construction worker is dead .
The child is crying and hurt .
The man is swimming at the bottom of the ocean .
the man is asleep on the bridge
A young woman appears bored in a restaurant .
This woman does not know the man she is pictured with .
Children building a sandcastle on the beach .
A man on a motorcycle .
A woman lounging on the beach .
A person is mountain climbing using nothing but his hands and the rocks .
A brown dog is running down the road chasing the mailman
A dog is asleep on the couch .
The two women are walking down the shore drinking tea .
The young girl is walking among the tulips .
The girl is wearing her school uniform .
A man is jogging in the park .
A woman in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane .
A group of people playing monopoly .
The yelling man is wearing a white shirt .
children playing baseball at the park
A woman and child climb a tree .
The blanket is black .
The boy is sitting down
A young girl does n't jump while performing her routine .
A man is drinking moonshine .
The girl falls from the fence .
Two people talk loudly in front of a cactus .
The couple are decorating for Halloween .
An old woman sleeps in the kitchen .
A couple is standing and frowning .
Nobody floats .
A man lying on a field holding a wrecking ball .
a dog eating a treat
Skier beating up photographer .
man walking a dog
Most of the men are dressed in white shirts .
The woman is playing soccer in the cobble stone streets of Brazil .
A group of dogs fighting over a dead body .
A young girl does aerobics .
A person is jumping out of a plane .
A businessman eats lunch in the cafe .
The man is playing a guitar .
A man is riding in a spaceship to the moon .
A man is underwater .
The people are buying clothing at a stall in the street market .
Some people are shopping .
The dog is loose running around the yard .
A girl is buying a cup of coffee .
The man sings and dances in the park .
Nobody is wearing a uniform
The dogs are asleep on the sofa .
A group of boys are studying for a test .
A group of athletes
The woman is swimming in the ocean .
Two men in blue suits are selling bikes and mopeds .
Three women ride bikes through the park .
A chef is cooking stew .
boy watches movie at home
A man is sleeping on the floor .
A woman drinks from a mason jar .
Group of people at the beach enjoying a hot sunny day .
A child runs and screams violently in around the train .
The person is going for a run
The woman is not going to finish the race .
Two men fighting over ice cream .
A woman examines a bike
The man is old .
A man is running on foot
Some men are watching TV together .
A girl is at the beach .
Sandwiches nailed to the wall were commonly mistaken as pictures by the visiting tourists .
A woman is climbing stairs
The dog jumped over the steps .
2 male humans are sleeping .
A man is falling down on the ground .
A woman sings to herself .
A woman is having a bad time singing .
A dog is laying on the couch .
the man accidentally knocked the women out
The man is scuba diving .
A blue tram goes down an empty street with no one around .
the woman is asleep at home
A man reading a book while sitting on a bench .
The cowboy rode the bull to the buzzer .
A woman is yelling at a camera .
A group of African American people are eating dinner at KFC .
A child doing homework .
One man pushes the other man down the hill on the sled as onlookers laugh .
A woman falls into a bed
The girls are racing on jetskis .
A young woman is standing on her hands .
The two men are playing a game of football .
They fight over the food they bought
Three men fall a sleep on green bleachers .
A group of men are sitting around a conference table .
There are people inside of a store .
Two women are wearing red
An elderly woman is enjoying coffee at home .
A young women walking down the street .
The donkey sign is smeared with paint .
The dogs are asleep .
The man is robbing a bank
Child getting a manicure .
Everybody is bald
A basket weaver sitting at home .
The guys are having a party at the park .
A bald man sits in a red chair .
Young woman are walking
a puppy barks at a girl
A group of woman play volleyball in a court .
It is late at night .
A toddler walking in sand .
A man in pants and a t-shirt doing fire tricks .
A man is sitting on the couch .
A woman is using tape on a large net .
The men are sitting in silence .
A professional bowling team wins the championship .
People got shot by a sniper and dide
Three guys are in a swimming pool .
With their backs turned to the camera were two women wearing blue dresses
A man and women laying down in bed
Many people are lying in the sun at the park .
The girl is holding a dead animal
The person is suddenly picked up by a strong gust of wind and slammed into the side of a building .
The dogs are posing at the mountain .
A dog sits quietly by the dinner table , eyeing the plates of food .
THE RIVERBANK STAYED CLEAN EVERYDAY
A woman is laying on the beach .
A man is sleeping .
The shed is made of t-shirts .
The person is swimming .
The person is dead .
The storm strooper is attacking the children .
A man driving a car .
Two young girls are riding roller coasters .
the man is crying and writing
fooling around in the bedroom
A woman rides a horse on the beach .
A woman outside in the hot sand .
The boys are sitting down .
the guy is on the cow
The man is walking up the stairs .
A person is dancing at a rave .
A study group sits at a table in the library .
A man is eating dinner at a restaurant .
A group of men are scuba diving .
the woman is hanging out with her kids
the woman cooked a apple pie
The woman is yelling at the package .
a mother and son eating lunch
A woman hurdler trips over a hurdle .
Someone is blowing up the car with bombs
the man is sitted in the bar
A man is riding a riding a bicycle through the park .
The ballerinas have words before the recitial .
The three women are exercising in an aerobics class .
A girl is playing the piano in her living room .
The firefighters are eating lunch .
A girl drinks a milkshake
The chef is sleeping in his canoe .
the gymnast is taking a shower
A gymnastics performer is stretching .
The person with a purple bandanna is taking a nap .
A man and woman eating vegetables .
A barefoot boy climbs a tree .
An elephant is being trained to catch Frisbees .
Newlyweds sitting on a park bench .
A man in a sweater vest is looking at a limo .
A man standing on a boat .
A shirtless man sips coffee at the dinner table .
People are sleeping .
A yellow dog is going to the vet .
A man is sitting on the floor .
The little boys are flying a kite with the man and the woman .
A police officer is silent .
old lady sitting on a chair .
A group of men are fencing .
a man wearing a hat works on his car
The man is running from the cop .
The man is wearing white .
A man has destroyed his airplane
A kid in a helmet sleds down a hill .
A boy watches boats on a lake .
The man 's pants are red .
The lady in a dress is yelling at the man in the road .
A man is indoors watching someone canoe on television .
The women are watching TV at home
Two women are swimming in beach
The woman has black hair .
Six people are at the movies .
A man with no tattoos is getting a massage .
a man in his van because he caught his victim
Two people are race car driving .
There is one bride .
A boy kisses his dog on the beach .
A baby eating a steak .
The man is standing on the platform waiting for a train .
A woman not paying attention to the camera
Two butchers are attacking each other in the shop .
Vote sasquatch for president 2016 !
people are at home sleeping
A young girl chases some birds .
A young girl frowns as she drops her ice cream cone .
The oxen are pulling the carriage .
Red , and green teams are trying to get a soccer ball into a goal .
People are climbing a mountain .
A coach is showing the gymnast how to use the rings .
A naked man walking .
A squirrel runs in the grass .
A man rides horseback in the field .
A boy is going on a jog in a park .
Nobody is standing
A kid digging a large hole
The group of people are flying in the air on their unicorns .
The photographer is taking a photo of a dog .
The man is referring a floor cleaner battle .
Two female artists are demonstrating punches for the audience .
Two men are sitting watching a movie .
The man is riding a motorcycle across the street .
The bike rider and the photographer greeted each other warmly .
The buss is in a pool
A woman is standing in the doorway of a building .
The dog is decorating the gingerbread house .
Woman kicks children sitting by her feet .
One man is painting a billboard .
Three black men yelling at each other .
The woman is eating dinner .
The man caries the girl
A couple are riding a rollercoaster .
A man takes photos of a dog .
A group of scientists walks into a bar , and order a drink , then sit down and drink it .
The men are watching TV in a room .
A man is drinking hot cocoa inside a lodge .
The woman in blue pants and shirt looks up at the truck with disgust , as she has never seen anything so dirty .
Woman walks down street on sunny day
The bald man got out of a red truck .
Woman fixes her hair .
A man is pushing a pear and picking up boxes .
A girl is wearing a sweater .
A man stands alone on a beach .
The men are at the mal .
A young smiling girl is holding a stuffed bell pepper in one hand
The man is at home with his kids .
the people are relaxing in their livingrooms
The workers are wearing black .
The man does not have any gear on .
A man throwing a stretcher .
Three children are swimming in a pool .
three kids in chairs taking tests
a kitten drinks milk
A child is looking at a red wall .
two people running a race
A man shows off his baseball cards .
Sasquatch is riding a bike on the street .
The three young children are playing inside .
There are three ladies playing in the fountain .
Nobody has a shirt
A man is walking empty handed .
Men are dancing in the rain .
Three men are sleeping
A woman is covering her eyes from the bright concert lights .
Some people are taking a tour of the factory .
adults at a foam party
A person is driving an airplane over the mountains .
a couple are racing each other on their bikes .
Two men look at each others hands
They run away from each other quickly
A diver flips in mid-air .
A man wearing pants is walking toward a golf ball .
People are surfing .
The person is inside .
A man is wearing a black shirt
babies making poopies while playing in the sand on a Florida beach
Three men in red uniforms playing soccer .
a woman hunts for treasure .
An owl sits in a tree late at night .
The young woman is riding a unicycle .
the wolves are killing the man
The dark haired girl is asking for directions on the street .
Two men sit in the snow and smoke .
the man in workboots walked alone
The basketball player is sitting on the bench .
A man fishing at a harbor .
This person is exploring Mars .
A man is riding a bicycle down the large hill .
A naked man hit a baseball .
Two men are driving in the rain .
Two men in conversation while sitting on the beach .
Two men work on a motorcycle .
A man is resting in a hammock
Nobody has a uniform
A boy is playing his xbox .
Two men in snow pants and sweaters are walking .
An older man sleeps in a hospital bed .
A man is looking at the ground .
The man was laying by the pool .
The hotel stands empty and abandoned with no one in site .
A girl plays basketball .
The men are paddling a canoe down a river
The women are not talking to each other .
A woman is doing arithmetic at home .
Two girls are sleeping
Three gals are doing their makeup .
A man is talking on the phone while his teenage son is asleep .
The man eats pants
The group of protesters are ordering ice cream in a store .
a person is trying not to get wet
The boy is sitting on the couch .
The woman drew on canvas .
A red kyak is being ridden .
A guy is working out in the gym .
A group of women is drinking wine .
Nobody has a shirt on
two ladies jumping for joy
A person laying down
A man is going for a run .
A woman is sleeping in an elevator .
The bird is in a tiny cage
A woman is holding a hot dog , sitting on a brick wall .
Two men are driving a car in a forest .
A young woman and old man are playing poker .
A woman is standing with her back to a dog .
A moving truck being disassembled .
A boy is on his bike .
They propel themselves down the street with rockets
The traffic was not to bad today the guy made it home early and took a nap .
Some girls are watching cartoons .
Two women having lunch .
cowboy feeding his horse
A man is bundled up against the cold as he skis .
The people are climbing a mountain .
A person riding a skateboard down a steep hill .
A lady is taking a bath
The little boy is laying on his head .
A blue jacketed boy is standing in football field .
A man is playing golf with his friends .
They give up and walk off the field
A man in green threw his soccer ball at the dog .
A man in a suit with gold bricks and a name tag gestures with his hands
A man and a woman are seated
She is indoors .
The girl is on a beach .
A mountain is full of snow .
A group of cute Asian children are playing trumpets
No one is sitting in the field of grass .
Two young boys are playing at home
A squirrel is sleeping in the tree .
The man is attempting suicide .
A man in blue trunks is sitting on the cliff .
A little girl is wearing a pink dress .
Two people ticking each other
A man is in the desert
Guys at a campsite , building a fire .
The man and woman are mad at each other .
A news crew 's van has broken down , so they decide to stay home .
A boy wearing green shorts and a green t-shirt runs on a track .
The women are wearing post-it notes and leaves and running through the woods .
Five women wearing red formal ball gowns are standing together .
The cheerleaders are not posing .
A group of women are cleaning a house .
A women is sitting alone on a couch with no other human around .
The man is seated
A photographer is taking x-rays of a hockey game
two dogs are eating
A man is working on a computer .
A crowd gathers to watch a street performer .
A person eats a tv dinner while sitting on the couch .
A boy is playing piano .
The sports fans are wearing yellow .
Child blows up a balloon .
Two small boys draw picturees of trees outside in the grass .
a man in an empty park
The teenager is sliding down the railing .
The girl is jogging on the beach .
The man is sitting there watching tv
The picture is of a man riding on a dinosaur 's back .
A lady with her eyes closed playing an old fluglehorn into a microphone .
A female acrobat is walking across a tightrope at the circus .
A woman adjusts her bra
The man has no facial hair .
The three boys swing baseball bats
Three boys play volleyball as others watch them .
The workers are making coffee inside .
Construction workers are having fun smashing windows .
Two people take a ship to the moon
The women in dainty dresses look out over the farm .
A group of adults went to the casino .
The sea turtles are inside the aquarium .
A woman is painted with yellow body paint .
Irises bloom paisley .
A boxer is kayaking .
A person is on a bike .
The fireman is sitting in his truck .
Three dogs sleep in the shade of an old tree .
Two girls stand around the vending machines .
A young boy and girl embrace in front of monkeys at the zoo .
The Amish group are running through a field .
A man throws the first pitch in a baseball game .
The boy and girl stand on the lakeshore .
A woman is hanging sausages in a market .
The people are dressed in street clothes .
The man is standing inside a restaurant .
A tattooed man clicking on a mouse on a desk .
The person is wading through water .
Lady is making burger for her kids
A man and woman are scuba diving .
A man and woman are on a boat .
The black woman is toasting marshmallows on a barbecue grill .
A member of the army practices his sniping skills .
No one was able to drive to the camp site .
4 women are dancing
A firefighter rescues a cat from a house fire .
A girl and his father speak to Santa Claus
A man orders a beer and relaxes .
A school class visits the museum of modern art .
a girl is eating cake
a child is eating vegetables
He exclaims that he 's done with this work , sprouts wings , and flies away .
A man and a young boy are playing a game on a quilt on the floor .
A child blocks a goal with his hockey stick .
Four people sitting on a yacht .
A women is skiing of the mountain .
A volleyball team is at a beach celebrating .
A woman is fidgeting with her wallet .
The woman is running through the woods .
The weeping girls have their picture painted .
The street is dry .
A woman rides a bike .
Two children are wearing bright bathing suits at the ocean .
A woman is running on the track .
An American shops at the supermarket .
Cats enjoy taco
The man is not talking .
The building is brick .
A boy is performing on stage .
Some motorcycles wearing white .
A woman mops .
Gandalf and the red toy crab do battle in the streets .
The older bearded man is indeed Gandalf the Grey .
Men are throwing books and talking outside in a courtyard .
A black couple are eating lunch .
Two friends are having a picnic .
Two people are crying .
A man is playing video games on his phone .
People do n't know how to skate .
People are buying fireworks at a dealer .
Everybody has a shirt
two babies play in the grass
The lady is reading a book .
A red car is driving on a sunny day .
The man is riding a flying surfboard .
A crowd of people are standing at a platform waiting for a train .
One guy eating lunch in front of a building .
No one has attended the outdoor street event .
Here we see a wild boy in his natural enviroment .
The cars are driving through an empty field .
The young lady was walking down the stairs .
Teens are washing a car .
A child plays video games inside .
An older man is dancing at a club .
the man is in jeans
A group of dogs are waiting for their master .
The horse is dead .
Two guys are rollerblading .
A woman is putting on mascara .
A farmer sleeps in a hammock .
A guy is in a hot , sunny place
A young man at the loom .
A group of men looking at fishing poles .
Women are shopping at safeway for lamb chops .
A dad and his daughter with an blueberry pie .
A woman is brushing her hair with a fork .
A boy is holding a watermelon .
A man is wearing a dress while dancing in the park .
The pets sit inside .
A group of people got ran over by a bus .
The girls are eating chocolate and watching the parade as it goes down the street .
Children swimming in a pool .
Children playing outside climbing trees .
A dog is eating from a bright silver bowl .
Two man walking on the road in rain
The couple is naked .
A young woman is running through the waves .
Two dogs sleep on the floor .
The man is VanGogh .
People are running a marathon
An Obama supporter is upset that the President lost his second term .
The man is wearing a baseball cap .
The man is sleeping .
People are walking in a road .
The cyclist is not riding
The Asian likes Mexican food .
A dog is napping on the bed .
People are washing the dishes .
The man is wearing tan pants .
Dog lays down outside .
Thi
Some people are scuba diving .
Uniformed people are eating
A lifeguard sits by the pool
the young boy is wearing black
A woman sews a dress
A man and woman are kissing in a car .
The men are playing in front of a huge crowd .
A man wearing a white suit at a wedding .
a man is at an auto shop .
Two boys eating cupcakes .
Somebody is driving a boat .
The greyhounds are lying down to sleep for the night .
The workers were wearing safty gear .
The guys drove the work truck through the city .
Six people are in a hospital .
Two women are playing the flute .
The woman is standing by a lake .
The man is driving down the street .
A person is riding his bike up the hill .
Dogs running through a puddle of water .
Both of the men are on break .
People painting in a house .
A cute dog was chasing the cat through they alley .
A dog was sniffing his food before eating it .
The person is wrapped in a straightjacket .
There are people watching TV inside .
A young redheaded man laughs at something .
A man and a woman feeding eachother food at a table .
A young girl gets his photo taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .
A woman is sitting outside in the rain .
one lady eats a box while the other fights a tiger
The men are playing volleyball .
Everyone is asleep in their bed
Seven men are getting ready to fly an airplane .
Kids playing a video game as the light of dawn peeks through the windows .
People walk through a store .
Two teams are competing in hockey .
the man takes a video clip
A woman is standing next to a flower pot in her own home .
A woman is a dress is standing next to a flower pot .
People are sitting in the bar drinking .
A child swims in the ocean .
A man is sleeping in a sleeping bag .
The pet is chewing on a bone
A cat next to a window
The woman is watching Shades of Grey
a person sitting on a bench
A young child sits in class and reads a book quitely .
The dog is white .
A tourist takes a picture of the city skyline at dusk .
A little girl is riding her ox in a desert .
A surfer relaxing on the beach .
A man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting guns in the air
A man is standing at a podium .
The man is wearing a green shirt .
A man folding his laundry .
The young boy rides his bike as hard as he can .
The woman is wearing a red shirt .
A woman drinks .
this guy is jumping rope
A sad woman is watching TV .
A boy and girl are waiting patiently in line .
The man is at home watching TV .
A man is indoors .
A man wearing a tux
There is a guy with a basketball .
Two boys are walking together in white shirts and blue shorts .
Somebody is riding a bike during a storm in the desert .
A man is sleeping in his bed .
They are at the bar
Three Asian men work at a bar .
A woman watching the game .
A man and a woman ride their bikes down a hill .
One girl is making posters .
A gentleman swims at the beach .
The teenager is riding a horse in a steeplechase competition .
A husband and wife lay on the beach .
The boy is swinging on a swing .
the guy is flying a plane
The men are inside
A young woman wearing a yellow dress sitting in the sand at a packed beach .
a white woman is holding a sign
A boy is dancing on his bed .
cat stares at dog
women at work
Four adults are walking down the street .
The kids are fighting outside .
A group of workers on their lunch break .
A woman is running
a cat jumps high
Two old ladies are making out at a strip club .
The happy pilot flies his plane .
Workers leaving the office after office hours
A man with a breif case stands near a corner as a woman walks past .
The man is wearing a red shirt .
Two sisters are flipping each other off .
A woman is sitting on a train .
The newlyweds are actually vampires .
A woman says Hi to another woman at the grocery store .
A man is running errands on his bike .
a dog eats steak
People have gathered for a funeral
The lady is driving a huge truck .
Two magicians are performing on stage .
The man is laying down on the couch .
People are throwing rocks .
The young people are taking a picture inside .
There are people watching the bus pass by
The kids were in awe as they listened pasionately to the story of the young boy .
The man is near a red flower .
The boy is playing video games upstairs in his room .
A boy is taking a nap in his bed .
A boy is cheering for his team .
A boy is sweeping the sidewalk .
People are sleeping .
One person at a piano bar
Two women are fishing in the ocean .
The newly constructed town hall
The young man is sleeping .
Two women are resting indoors .
Two girls are helping their mom with the laundry .
The mas is walking next to dogs .
A speedwalker next to cars
The person is eating nachos .
A man is working at a car wash
The policeman is standing .
The man is playing a guitar .
Three military officials sit by a lake and are fishing .
The man is blond .
A full haired man is looking a drinking glasses .
A painter creating an original work of art .
The surrealist is running wind sprints .
The man is sitting on a bench .
The happy woman has big green eyes .
a bunch of eagles are eating a bug
There is no volleyball
Someone sleeping on the ground next to a jeep .
The boys are playing dodge ball .
he doesnt have legs
A person is alone in a dark room .
A girl is talking on a landline .
he eats stars
Lots of people are walking by a small red building .
Three people build a house .
A woman is sitting on a park bench wearing sandals .
A girl lays down in front of a tent
A hiker is sleeping in a tent .
A woman bathing her daughter .
A man bakes a cake .
A man is pointing into the foot and wearing a striped shirt .
A girl is chasing a rabbit .
A firefighter starts a fire .
The men are seated in lawn chairs .
The man wears black pants and dress shoes .
The horse is asleep next to the man .
The dog is asleep on the sofa .
The man 's shirt is black .
A woman is walking after a man who is running from her .
A boy is sleeping
A boy is skating with a hockey stick
The men pray at the alters .
A man playing in the sand at the beach .
A person is cooking hot dogs at the beach .
The man and the boy are taking a nap on the bunk beds .
the woman is lying down sleeping
A black dog walks on a concrete path .
A woman throwing apples .
A woman is swimming .
The man is on a treadmill .
A worker is on a break .
The woman is eating lunch .
The person is resting .
A man sitting on a bench outside .
A baby sits in a crib .
A man chops veggies .
The man is underwater looking for fish .
There are only two people .
Women are sitting around a table drinking coffee .
A smiling boy walking and a frowning girl with a phone .
The man is sitting down on the rock .
The men are hosting a news show .
Two rodeo contestants wait their turn .
The children are asleep on the couch with their dog .
One person walking on the street .
Two people are sitting in an alley .
A woman is doing a stage dive into a crowd .
An older looking couple is riding in the back of a taxi in the middle of a city .
A man sits in the cafeteria .
kids at zoo
The is one woman in the picture .
The women are in their underwear .
Chew Wrigley 's Spearmint beer .
Two men are in the hot tub .
A man tossing a girl into the air .
Phone to her butt , a woman bends forward
The woman is speaking into a cow bladder
A girl is wearing a yellow sweater .
The man is shirtless on the beach .
Three guys are hiking across the desert .
Everyone is wearing blue but looks red due to the sun glare .
The dark-haired lady frowned and wore all black
A four wheeler is passing
Biking done on the rocky hill
The man 's shirt is white .
A monkey chases after a rattlesnake .
The people are inside the classroom .
The three players are chasing after the hockey puck .
The adult jumped up onto the tree .
There are no customers at the cafe .
The mom and boy are on a roller coaster .
A man in a blue hat drops the ball .
The women are wiping a windshield
A girl is smoking a cigar in a pool hall .
The man is not Asian .
There is one person .
A toddler has overturned their bowl of food and is crying .
Two men wearing different color shirts walking past each other .
She is stealing from them .
A woman runs down the field .
The man is holding up a domino .
A dog is riding in the car .
A woman is wearing a green tshirt
No one who is shown has ever played a sport .
A man wearing a sweater inside
A man is driving down a busy road .
A little boy pushes an oily man off a deck .
Three men are playing poker .
A man sleds down a slope .
The boy is swinging at his baseball game .
A man stands near a fire hydrant .
The man is making a snow angel .
A women is eating some friend dumpling dumplings
The lady is at the hair salon .
The boy is dead
Nobody has beach attire
Five girls are baking a cake .
The woman is sitting in the bedroom .
A bird attacks its reflection in a window .
There is only one person .
People survive a horrible train crash .
a dog is sleeping
The dress is black .
Two women enjoying happy hour .
They are running .
A child yells angrily at her mother .
A young baby smiles .
The statue is actually a gargoyle and it came to life .
The boy is asleep on the couch .
A girl takes a photo of a dog .
The baby sits on the cats .
The person is crying near some animals .
A boy plays with a yoyo .
A old man swimming
Nobody is standing
Two dogs sleep .
A man is riding a horse .
The kids are in the back yard .
A man rolls on the ground on fire .
An animal is sleeping outside .
Two persons playing tennis .
A man is playing video games at his house .
a woman holding a scruffy cat
A woman rides her bike away from a store .
The men are walking inside the school .
The people are attending an outdoor art festival .
The man is wearing a suit .
A man wears his hat on his foot .
A man is wearing a cowboy hat .
Three young woman are sleeping in a crowded hall .
A man sits on a ledge
A man in a blue shirt poses for the camera .
The dog is lying on the ground .
A young boy is just sitting down and not sledding .
A man is playing videogames .
The man is wearing a nice shirt and jacket .
The children are sad as the man ignores them
A man is making cotton candy for the children .
A boy is afraid to go on the swing .
The boy has no backpack on .
A woman is sitting inside .
The raft is empty .
A homeless man is sitting on a park bench .
The people are on land .
The band is signing autographs
Two men dressed as basketball players are running .
A woman is sitting in her backyard .
A person is in the woods .
Two people are sitting in a coffee shop .
A woman is in a green nun uniform
A dog is looking for a cat .
Several people are playing dominoes .
Two men take a picture together .
A man dressed in a coat is in a kitchen .
A man is washing his hands .
The girl is laughing .
The child is drinking at a bar .
There is not a cat near the baby .
A cat plays in the snow .
A young boy is playing in the grass .
A medic is treating someones wounds with bandages he is holding .
There is no snow .
A baby yawns in his crib .
Some people are on land .
A boy ca n't swim so he did n't go to the beach with his family .
A man is sitting at a table .
The kid is taking a nap .
Two brown and white dogs run on thick brown carpeting .
Two old women hate flowers and would not be near them
A woman has a helmet on a motorcycle .
A person is sleeping on the couch .
The couple purchased a used mixer
There are some people doing the limbo .
A cat sleeps in the window .
The man is seated on his couch in his living room .
A performer is playing violin in the auditorium .
A man is sitting down reading a newspaper .
A man sits at his computer sipping coffee .
A man in a kayak passes by spectators .
The woman is wearing a shirt .
Two dogs fly to the sun
Two men can not see each other because there is a wall in their way .
Two young girls walk up a slide .
The man is brushing the leaves off his car .
A couple under a table of goldfish .
Four women are running away from a man in the city .
The snow is purple .
nobody is cooking
A white dog is chewing on his food .
The dog is chasing after a rolling tennis ball .
A man is sunbathing .
A man sits on the calm bull .
The people are outside in the snow .
Two wrestlers are eating dinner at a local diner .
a panda jumps
The Asian man is at home in bed .
An old elephant in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him
Two cats are sleeping in the sun .
The animal is climbing a tree .
An officer on a chopper .
An officer watching a jail cell .
A person is driving a tractor
The man is running the train into another train .
man in suit
monkey eats bananas
man on lunch break
An older boy is at the hospital .
No one is on the mountain trail
There is a red car passing the entrance of the Hotel Carmel .
A woman is wearing green .
A man is taking a picture of a goldfish .
A dog is trying to eat a dangling kitten on a tree .
The dog is sleeping on the couch .
A man is painting .
The dark haired girl is making a scene amoungst the crowd for hitting people with her umbrella .
A group of people are water skiing .
A group of children are swimming outside .
A man is jogging .
A red bus backing up into a spot
A red bus at a bus stop
It is nighttime .
People are inside watching tv .
the old lady plays tennis with a dog
A woman in an apron is cooking spaghetti .
two men sit in the water on boards
the singer is sleeping
A man is hugging the woman
A girl is running outside .
The man is laying in the street .
A farmer is milking the cow .
Two men are throwing rocks at policemen .
The man is playing tennis .
A woman is smoking a cigarette .
The man is swimming in the water .
A dog rests on a pile of wood .
The men are playing field hockey .
There is a group of boys standing around looking at a sports car .
A naked man offers his balls to the police officer .
A young boy sits in a lawn chair .
A woman is at the laundromat .
The child is on a sled .
A man performed inside of a gymnasium .
a dog chases his tail
Man building a house out of stone .
Nobody has a tattoo
A woman is dancing in an art gallery .
a boy drinks coffee
A group is swimming .
Three people are riding in a boat .
Two men taking pictures of animals
Girl dressed in nightgown sneaking into kitchen .
A man is talking to others .
The worker is shoveling snow .
The man is 10 years old
The women are going for a run in the forest .
A girl is baking a cake in her kitchen .
The woman is wearing a dress .
A racer on horseback .
A person waves at the camera .
A young woman is making food in the kitchen .
Two sisters are eating cotton candy .
A man with long braided hair is dancing alone on a sidewalk in a loincloth .
There are no men at the party .
Two guys kidnap a woman .
The girls are watching a presentation in a classroom .
A older woman sits in a green and yellow taxi .
The sneakers are white .
the children are singing at home
This person 's only job is being a welder on an oil rig .
An old couple watches the sunset .
Two children on a seesaw .
A man listens to an audio book .
The man is wearing a baseball cap .
The young men are in complete agreement .
A girl walks through a field .
A man sits by himself in the grass reading a book .
A woman keeps flowers to herself .
A little baby is wearing red .
The man is ready to fight
A women is on stage holding a guitar and is ready to perform for the audience .
A woman wearing a blue scarf is working at a factory .
the woman is standing
A man with his diving gear .
Women are sitting on a grassy field .
John McCain is hosting a talk show .
Traffic drives through the crosswalk .
Mane people sit in the street .
A child notices his mom taking a picture .
the child is at home watching movies
The people are riding in a plane .
The young couple are taking pictures of the countryside .
Three people sit in a cafe .
A little girl in a gray jacket is driving a car .
A group of people watch a movie .
An old pirate shows off all his extreme tattoos .
Kids are taking a bath .
A man in black hat keeps his lips sealed .
The doll is n't Stitch
Man walks down a hill .
Both of these women are clinically mute .
They are hanging out with Mr. Rogers .
The man is walking his dog .
It 's a bright summer day when the men enter the home
Nobody is poking
The men are sleeping in a bed .
Some women are applying makeup .
A girl has tripped and fallen into a pile of raked leaves .
A mid-day tea party in a miniature house attracts these young girls .
People are ready to order Chinese food
A man is sleeping in front of a fountain .
a cat sleeps soundly
The woman is sleeping on a pillow .
There is a person sitting on the bed .
A woman in a striped shirt is running with a dog across a street .
The girl is putting water in the pot .
The girl tries on the blue dress at the store .
Mourners toast their lost loved ones .
A women is sleeping .
Two people are sitting on the side of the road .
A woman stands in a TV room and watches her son watching TV .
A group of people are laying down .
A woman in an orange jacket .
The woman in the blue jacket has three legs and two heads .
A man is taking photos of his cat .
The men are eating lunch
An umpire signals that the runner sliding into home plate is `` out '' .
The dog is asleep in the grass .
A girl is fighting a veteran .
A horse jumps over a fence .
A rock band performs on the beach .
The Samoyads are eating their dinner .
The boy is not sucking his thumb .
Two boys smile wearing tank tops .
The children are inside .
A woman sits on the floor near a blue bike .
The boy is standing .
A person is sitting in a chair .
A soldier standing outside of a palace .
A dog is sleeping .
A path covered by snow .
the singer did not show up
Nobody is lined up
A man is asleep in his bed .
A cat attacks a man .
A man in a red jacket is near a building labeled Lottery Ticket Centre .
A cat running up a tree
A couple walks in front of a boat .
A man is outside with no bag on his back .
Two boys in a sailboat
A swan is flying away from a lake .
The woman is sleeping .
The men have put out a fire .
A group of people sit at home
A woman in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat .
Three men in orange suits escaped from prison .
a little girl lays on a hospital bed
Two people playing dodgeball
The boy is doing a jump on rollerblades .
A man is playing video games .
They are swimming in the lake .
Three children are making a cup of tea together .
People are playing video games .
a woman is inside at the movies
A man is blowing out his birthday cake .
People are dancing to music in a club .
The workers are sleeping .
The gentleman is standing by the table .
People are riding a bus .
The man is canoeing down a slowly-moving river , enjoying the noonday sun .
The man is sitting on a bench .
People playing racketball
A woman is driving her kids around
A child takes a nap on a couch .
A woman in a dress dances in the club .
Various dogs sleeping in a house .
A group of people is yelling and shouting .
The woman looks like she 's full of energy .
A young boy is watering some plants .
Toddles are roasting marshmallows .
A woman is jogging down a road .
A man paints a house .
A skier is standing on a blue stretcher while three men watch excitedly
Young men play on scaffolding .
The woman is folding the laundry
The two young boys are playing kickball at the park .
Two men not working on the roof of an apartment building
The man climbing the rope is escaping a swarm of bed bugs .
The couple are wearing yellow bandanas .
A girl is sitting on her couch coloring her fingernails .
A taxi cab with two women in the backseat talking on their cellphones .
The young woman removes her clothes , `` I came in like wrecking ball ! ''
A girl watches Everybody Loves Raymond .
Four people are sleeping at home
A man is in his bed asleep .
A group of people sit in the living room .
the lady on the table is leeping
The woman is watching television
Two players are sitting on a couch .
Two men are eating inside a restaurant .
No animal products can be seen here .
The boy is in Kansas .
The pet is taking a nap .
A man is yelling at his wife .
There are two women and two sleeping children .
The cheerleaders are sitting in the stands .
The man is buying a new guitar at the store .
The couple is driving
The couple is sleeping .
The crowd are composed of one person .
A woman is wearing glasses and a white beanie .
The man is buying groceries .
Two couples are drinking a lemonade .
the woman is at a ski lodge
A man is playing Monopoly with a little girl .
A player falls face first
A man on the sidewalk performs a mime act while angry people glare at him
A basketball player watches a game .
A couple of children are eating popsicles at a birthday party .
Two cats playing on the bed together .
Kids play outside .
A women cradling a baby .
A baseball player not sliding into a base
A dog sleeping on the porch .
Two fathers maneuver their baby strollers into a foyer .
The man is also playing the drums
Two girls are playing with dolls .
The people are all driving go-carts around a track at their local family fun center .
A woman in a blue tank top holding a car .
People are watching a ball game .
Two girls playing hopscotch in an open court .
a dog is running
A bench rests on a man
A woman in a red shirt baking a cake .
The crazy cat lady is scooping the litter box .
A girl chokes out a boy with shoelaces
A man with a girl on a swing .
Some kids eat dinner with their families .
A group of people standing around waiting for a bus .
The pet is eating .
The people are indoors .
A woman is standing in high heels , leaning against a wall .
the man has a pc
the man is eating lunch
a man sleep
Two kids playing on the playground .
The woman is blonde .
A man is wearing a suit .
Men are playing basketball , the guy with the ball is shooting a free throw .
A dog is lying on the carpet .
The man frowns at the camera
The blonde lawyer refused to comment .
The skateboard is resting .
Bowlers are eating sandwiches .
The hat wearing girl is petting a cat .
A woman in neon green hails a cab alone .
The man is completely nude .
The cyclist is riding on water .
3 people are seated with their backs against each other
A youngster is paddling a canoe .
A boy is getting filthy while playing in the wreckage of a fallen building .
A child is exercising among garbage .
A woman drinks a beer .
A man digging a hole .
Three humans are practicing their square-dancing moves .
the people are standing at the cliff
The rider is in his garage
a group of children are sitting at desks
A man is shooting a basketball at the goal .
Elephants are smashing the cobblestone street while people are milling around .
A man playing with an airplane .
The baby 's diaper is full of feces .
the players are asleep
Two dogs are sleeping by the fireplace .
The elderly man gave up blowing air into the object
A man is sitting at a table in a bistro .
A boy is playing football .
The dogs laid down on the rug
A young Asian couple are swimming in the pool .
The men are watching a football game on the sofa
A little boy is walking out of the train .
There are no children present .
The man is printing some pants .
A lady is taking a bus
A bartender taps a keg .
The child is on a swing .
The woman is wearing a purple coat .
A woman takes a nap .
The woman is sitting on the back porch .
An animal is lying down .
A road worker is holding a shotgun to direct traffic .
The children are eating PB&J sandwiches inside their kitchen .
man is a girl
the man is at home sleeping
The dog is standing on two legs .
A person in a suit is eating dinner
A woman is speaking latin .
The robe is black .
A man sitting on a camel .
A snowboarder is sleep .
A woman is riding a skateboard .
A young girl cooks pancakes .
There is no food on the plate .
The boy is on a baseball field .
Everyone is in a restaurant .
Two girls sit quietly and sharpen knives for the sad work ahead .
A man rests on a womans shoulder
A basketball player dunking the ball .
A baseball player catching a baseball .
The boy is dressed in a formal suit .
A dog is warm in it 's bed .
The people are playing ice hockey on a pond as the snow begins to fall .
A group of girls are sitting on a bench .
A man is sawing down a telephone pole .
The person is indoors .
A girl stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers .
the man and his goat in the farm
the animal is sitting under tree
there is a guy carrying his pet with him near fallen tree
A man ran a red light .
An officer enjoys coffee in a shop .
man runs fast
A cat is running up a tree .
A cat is playing in the snow .
The three people are watching television together .
A group of people are sitting in the library .
a man is drinking coffee
the woman is eating a hot dog
Guys are sitting in a meeting .
A barber is closing his door .
Two women are having tea .
A man wearing pink is next to the blue fence .
The ocean swims in the blue wideness .
A squirrel plays in a tree .
A young man is playing basketball .
There are dogs in the kennel .
The three girls are arm wrestling in China town .
Members of congress opening care packages .
Two people are swimming at the gym .
The boys had sandwiches .
The cathedral is small .
Nobody is talking
Two people are rolling down the hill .
The young girl is wearing a white leotard
Two men sit and enjoy lunch together .
A man with his two children running in front of him .
A woman leans against a fence
Several women jump in a pool and splash each other .
The children are yelling loudly .
There is a man running through a green field .
The woman is naked
a man is eating a sandwich
The man is in the fountain .
The women are next to a big elementary school
A man is cutting the grass .
Man eating child .
the large black man is running a race
Some men are eating dinner around a large round table .
A boy in a purple shirt .
The man and women are at a high priced store .
Gerbils chat on Gruveo .
The group is eating lunch at a small cafe .
The man has no vocal cords .
a girl is walking
The man is at a school
The children are playing in an amusement park .
For small children are playing in the sand on a deserted beach .
The dog is sleeping .
A man is swimming in the ocean .
The snowboarder is naked .
A woman reaches into a basket at a store
the dog is eating dinner
An emergency worker is at the beach .
A girl is sleeping in bed .
a man sits shyly near a bride
A young woman is standing and staring at a painted mural .
The man has nothing on his face .
A woman has her cell phone up to her ear .
The person is on a camel .
A group of people are sleeping on Pluto .
A man slaps a little boy in front of a gather of people .
Birds are migrating to a new place .
The lady has the two dogs inside .
The tank is getting something out of the child .
A young girl chasing a dragon with bread in her hands .
A woman is checking out the men .
The woman is doing a speech .
A boy is walking on a sidewalk in his neighborhood .
The person in the picture is riding a bike slowing up hill , pumping the pedals as hard as they can .
A golden car bounds across the snow-covered highway .
A guy in cloth pants and shirt is wearing something on his face to protect hist lungs puts out a fire .
People are planting in their homes .
Two friends are eating lunch
The women are playing soccer on Mars .
Kids are running from zombies .
A man takes a nap outside
The man is wearing white pants .
The bandana is expensive .
The man is sitting down .
People waiting in line at an amusement park .
The zombies are busy playing with paper bags .
A man sitting inside a red truck .
The quarterback is throwing the football .
A man is taking a shower .
The man is at home watching TV .
There is a boy collecting candy from a man in a clown costume .
The men are wearing blue uniforms and wrestling in a competition .
A man play the triangle .
Someone is fixing a lawnmower .
The man is on the moon .
An individual is playing guitar on the streets .
A man is kicking some rocks .
A woman is wearing black sunglasses and holding a black suitcase .
the woman is asleep at home
A woman is wearing a blue coat
Children chopping down tree in woods .
a man sits at home waiting for his dinner
The San Francisco 49ers cheerleaders perform in a dark basement .
A woman stands on a street corner .
The girl was running .
Two women embrace on the sidewalk .
A girl is on a bus going to get her groceries
A woman soldier speaks into the microphone .
Some workers are digging at a construction site .
A couple is at a restaurant .
A woman is sitting at the vet 's office with her dog .
two people do jump kicks
a man sleeps in a chair
two men fist fighting in the street
The boy is eating a sandwich on the moon .
The duck kept it 's wings intact when it dived under the water to catch some fish .
A girl at school getting a ruler .
A gorup of girl is laying down .
The two people are swimming .
A woman is walking in park
Nobody is working
A man is playing guitar .
Strangers are standing indoors .
The gondola operators are in the water , pushing their boats .
a boy drags his dog
Two men are playing frisbee in the park .
Some players are playing cricket in ground
Two women are standing with their eyes closed .
A man is flying a kite .
