The church is filled with song .
The woman is very happy .
A man poses in front of an ad .
There is a statue that not many people seem to be interested in .
A Land Rover is splashing water as it crosses a river .
A vehicle is crossing a river .
A man playing guitar on stage .
A doctor is looking at a book
A tan girl runs leans over an object
A family is at the beach .
A couple is walking together .
Three hood wearing people pose for a picture .
Three hood wearing people stand in a street .
The man is inside .
Three firefighters coming up from a subway station .
A person is near a pile of coconuts .
The guy wearing a blue jacket is laying on the green grass
A boy is on a playground .
A squatting woman wearing a hat touching the ground .
Two children are on a rug .
a guy near a building stands by two other men
Girls are playing outdoors .
People are jumping outside .
A snow field with a snowboarder on it
The lady has a garden
A man watches bike repairs .
A man is in a black shirt
A person is in a garage .
A man repairs bicycles .
People wait at a station .
A child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child
A person outside pushing a stroller .
An animal is outside in the cold weather , playing with a plastic toy .
People are talking underneath a covering .
A girl is playing an instrument .
A woman is playing the violin .
three men look at the camera
A car making a right turn had three pedestrians cross behind it .
there are three boys
The boys are on the street
Some people are blowing out candles
There are three girls and a cake
The crowd on the ground is watching 3 people on the roof 's edge .
A woman is working .
People talking next to lockers .
Two kids are hugging .
Two kids were hugging .
A large number of people walking on a street .
A man is riding a motorcycle .
indian women perform together in gorgeous costumes
A person is swimming .
a person is walking out of water .
There are people outside .
There is a woman painting .
People are eating at a table outside .
The women were walking downtown
The group of people are n't inide of the building .
Girls walk down the street .
a person standing .
a man standing on his motorbike .
The man puts something on the other mans head .
Two people are outside .
a boy is against the wall of a raised foundation
Bruce Springsteen is a singer .
Six dogs are outdoors .
A man and woman take selfies of themselves .
People are dancing .
Men sit on the bus .
Two people climbing on a wooden scaffold .
A young boy is playing in a feild .
Six or seven people are standing on a pier .
A person wears a red shirt .
The child is on the steps .
The person is playing basketball .
A boy in a red hood is happy .
the man is wearing a gray cap .
An old woman has a jean jacket .
The couple is having fun .
The couple just got married .
The man is moving .
The man is wearing work attire and is walking to his job .
People are in the house .
A woman is singing .
The girl is walking outside .
A family on vacation is posing .
People are outdoors .
The people are standing .
A group of people eat food .
Animal is outdoors .
An older man leans outside a building
Someone is standing near a metro station .
The girl is eating while barefoot .
the man is playing
A crowd is watching someone play basketball .
A group of people are standing outside .
A woman on a bike .
A young person on a skateboard .
A man is crouching on a handrail .
A girl outside plays in the snow .
The football player is under duress .
The American football player in yellow catches the ball while under pressure from the player in white .
A person is standing outdoors .
The girl has a beverage .
A man in a shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a bag .
A person in red is cutting the grass on a riding mower
A group of people go down the road in a convertible .
Two men are cleaning their fish
The woman has something on her face .
The person behind the counter is a man .
People are walking a city .
A woman is sitting in a room with other people .
Two people are playing softball .
A person is riding a bike
There are two little boys smiling .
The men are finishing their day of work .
The adults are young
A college football game .
A game of football is being played .
A man is playing billiards .
The golden dog is playing ball with another dog outside .
People are riding on the escalator .
A woman is doing something with her hands .
A boy , a road and two cows .
There are more females than males .
Some people are in a boat .
A person drying clothes
A child rides a swing in the daytime .
People are milling about the city street .
People are conducting business in the city .
The man is cooking food .
A woman plays tennis .
They women are hitting a ball with their arms
This does n't look like soccer
A bunch of women are playing volleyball
volleyball match is in progress between ladies
A group of people ride bikes together down a street .
A group of bicyclists are on a street outside
A middle easten store .
A foreign store .
A woman sees a bicycle .
the men are musicians
four men play drums
Young boys kicking around a soccer ball .
The man is riding a bike .
The people look at the mountains .
A man can is on the phone .
A boy is hitting a ball .
Puppies next to their mother
The man spreads his arms while standing in front of a railing .
A man was wearing a jacket while holding a comb .
The man is upright .
A man is wearing a vest .
The girls are happy .
The girls are outside .
A man is playing an instrument on the street near other people .
Two people are talking .
a small boy is holding a kettle that will soon be filled
People and a baby crossing the street .
Two people are standing on the grass .
A woman is taking pictures
Four kids pose on a beach .
Some men are watching TV at a bar .
Two men are wearing lime green jackets .
There is a person in a room .
Children in uniforms climb a tower .
There are multiple dogs present .
There are many pedestrians on the city street .
A woman is weaving .
A woman is on the ground outside .
A man with a baby is petting a pony .
me are sitting on the side of a road
A dog is going to get wet .
A girl is standing .
The kids are in deep water
A climber pulls himself up some rocks
A man is outdoors .
Two bald women .
A man has a shopping cart
The shoemaker is inside .
A woman speaks to other women .
A blond speaks with a group of young dark-haired woman students carrying pieces of paper .
Someone giving out paper .
The girl in red is in the air .
There are ladies running .
A boy is walking outside .
A person balancing .
A guy with a skateboard is looking at a park to skateboard .
A young boy is sleeping on a pillow .
A human jumping .
The children are wet .
Four girls are in the water .
The man is in a black shirt .
An adult using a video camera .
A group of people stand together .
A wave is about hit some boys .
A giant wave is about to crash on some boys .
A woman is helping a girl .
A lady is helping another woman work
One guy kicks another .
A man is wearing something .
A man is in front of a camera .
SOME ANIMALS ARE ASLEEP
There is one animal in this picture .
A person is outside .
A group of well dressed people walk down a block with one of them holding a sign .
the boy gets ready
The man and woman are sitting .
There are several people outside of a building .
A person is talking to a child while another person watches .
A man and woman are sharing a hotdog .
The employee is indoors .
A workman is helping put a roof on a house .
There are people in an inflatable boat .
The boys had unclean hands .
Two boys washing their hands
A person biking .
Two men sit outdoors in an urban area .
people with a dog
Two homeless men lean against a wall with a dog .
A woman is using gymnastics equipment .
six people act together to get another , injured man on a transport in snowy terrain
six people act to save a seventh who is injured
The women are outdoors .
A man in a hat .
The woman is standing .
Boys are playing .
People are buying food from a street vendor .
Some people put something in a boat in a place with more than one boat .
There is a man .
There are people pulling a boat .
the crowd of people are shopping .
A child is inside a car .
Five children are playing .
a woman stands with a child
A boy swims .
The street is alive with activity .
a player is waiting
The people are outdoors .
The woman in black has a job .
A pitcher is playing baseball at a stadium
A pitcher is playing baseball
A group of people strolling .
People are playing violin on stage .
A mother and daughter are walking .
A boy is airborne on a bicycle .
Three dogs are running
Three people are on a boat .
a guy with a blue top carries a pack and makes his way through snow
a man is looking through a telescope
There are people on the street .
A painter is creating a picture .
A man does a flip off a wall .
Two dogs are running .
A man is doing things with a baton .
People wearing orange .
Fans cheering on their team at the big game .
Gymnasts get ready for a competition .
A man is cooking something to eat .
A person is atop of a building .
a child pulls colorful tissue paper from a fancy box
A child is playing in the sand .
Two boys reading a piece of literature .
The man is driving a buggy .
A little male has clothes on with a pair of scissors in his hands .
The man in white and black is leaping .
Elderly woman is balancing something on her head while having a conversation .
Someone taking in the space needle view .
the man is old
The soccer team in blue plays soccer .
Workers stand on a lift
people outside
The boy is looking through a microscope .
A guy has hurled himself in the air .
A golfer readies to putt the ball .
The golfer is getting ready to putt on the green , with a crowd watching in the background .
a child does a jumping kick
Men are sitting outside .
There 's a place to sit near a wall
A person is preparing some food .
A man is cooking with a lot of pots .
a man is with another man
The women are walking on the ice .
The men are playing music
A man is shooting a gun at targets on a nice day .
There are multiple people present .
The man is in front of a building .
A group of people are sitting at tables .
A woman makes food .
Women rollerskating around an are
A group of cleaners after a parade .
The young girl is playing with a toy .
The car has stuff on top .
there are several women
A boy riding a skateboard on a stone wall .
Someone person was near a bunch of birds .
There were some birds near a woman .
dog is running and being chased by another dog
A woman and two children climb up the stairs
A man is sleeping on the floor .
A young man is sleeping while in the sitting position .
A woman in a bikini lays near the water .
The dog is in the air .
A dog is carrying something .
A person is doing tricks in front of crowd .
Tricks are made by a person in a red jacket while people watching him .
Two men are using a saw .
two strong men are working
A man is wearing a red belt .
The two ladies are outside .
The child is playing .
The man is bike riding .
People viewing produce at a market .
Shoppers purchasing vegetables at a busy public market .
An Asian man is pushing a cart up the street .
A man has tools .
Two dogs standing together in the yard .
A baby is wearing orange .
Two males are involved in martial arts .
A child is in the ocean
The child s playing on the beach .
The young girls are together
A person wearing numbers is using a nonmotorized vehicle .
The dog is pulling a stick .
The man is wearing safety gear on his head .
A child is playing .
A boy is playing .
a lioness preying
The female gymnast is training .
the lady digs into the ground
A girl goes down a slide .
A skateboarder is outdoors .
A man on Easter Island .
A man in red is holding out his hand .
The three women are happy about baking cupcakes .
Guys are working near a wall .
Men in overalls work to fix a tractor .
Overall wearing people are working to fix a tractor .
The men are working on farm stuff .
A skier preparing a trick
The boys are in the beach
The boys are young
There are five children .
The dog runs
A canine is using his legs .
People at an outdoor market
The man has something in his hand .
A person is in the subway station .
The man is confused .
The man are covering themselves in clothing .
The dogs are near the toy .
a group of friends are at the table
a group of friends are sitting
A person is in the water .
There is a man next to a sign .
Black man poses in front of E.S.E. sign after making a purchase at a store .
A crowd of people are together .
A girl is brushing a horse .
A male guitarist playing his intrument for children .
A person outside with children playing .
A group of people walks in the square .
A lady is taking pleasure from a treat .
A girl is jumping over a hurdle .
The woman has red toenails .
The kids are playing .
A man is sitting on a truck .
There is a boy in the woods .
There is a small boy in the woods .
A woman takes photos of a horse .
This person is on a river
A man with concealed features is in a mode of transportation used in service .
The jockey is trying not to fall off the horse .
There is snow outside
Workers are standing outside .
The kids are taking a bath .
The kids are not reading .
The kids are wet .
A skateboarder is doing tricks in an area with ramps .
a boy is giving his brother a ride
A woman is teaching a ballet class .
There is a topless child playing in the water .
The two boys are swimming with their floats
A man is chatting with a lady .
Three girls are talking
The people are outside .
Both of the men are walking .
A person running
Three children are interacting with an illuminated water art display .
Kids are playing in water .
A woman is playing tennis .
A woman rises from a chair
The beach has an announcement .
A person has a yellow helmet .
The children are looking through a microscope .
A group of people looking up .
A brown dog runs outside .
A dark colored dog digging through the snow
A dog outside digging .
Man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys
Some kids are staring at something on the table .
A skateboarder is doing a trick .
Next to a snowman a person poses for a picture with it .
A baby is running .
The kid has hands .
Children opening presents .
A man is walking outside .
A big dog watching over a smaller dog .
A man is addressing a group of people .
A woman standing on a street corner outside beside three different stores , two of which contain beautiful artwork and one with a Largo sign .
The person is riding a four wheeler .
An expensive car is parked .
They stood under the umbrella .
A man watches the field
A man holds a vegetable .
A man is holding onions .
A woman is playing a game
A woman is at a bowling alley
A person in a polka dot outfit is handing out orange juice behind a caution area .
A dog jumps over a obstacel .
A man skateboards .
A woman is having a chat .
A woman dances with a man next to another couple dancing
A man in an army uniform is meeting someone .
A person is holding a tool .
The firefighters have finished a job .
A guy is wearing sunglasses .
Men are selling food on the sidewalk .
People are sitting in chairs
Three men are doing a musical set wit wires and equipment all over the stage and they are holding unique guitar like instruments
A man walks with his cow .
the man is riding outside
Soldiers are packing heat near a building .
There are people standing outside .
A person watches someone .
A man is standing in the doorway .
The man watches the other clean a fish .
A man poses with a woman .
Women are outside riding horses .
A group of people looking at a statue .
A plane flies in the sky .
A military event is taking place .
A person with a long object stands on one side of a wall and a balloon floats on the other side .
A man dances with a woman in costume
The pitcher throws the ball .
A dog is chasing a ball .
People play frisbee outdoors .
The men are outside .
The musician is singing .
The white dog is at a beach .
A dog runs through some water .
A girl has on skis .
A lady cooks
A single human is outside in front of a building .
The girl is near an instrument .
A woman is playing an instrument .
A couple of animals are playing .
A man is eating a marshmallow .
A guy bites into a freshly opened marshmallow chick
A guy bites into a marshmallow while someone else desires a bite
A lady in a swimsuit checking things out .
A man is sitting outdoors .
The man talks to the performer .
Someone in a helmet and clown makeup is talking to a man in a striped shirt .
Two men are seated on a park bench , one in clown makeup and the other in a striped polo shirt .
Two humans enjoying the outside .
A car does a burn out .
A young man wears gloves
A man plays guitar outside .
The players are playing a sport .
They struggle to gain control over a ball .
A woman is preparing meat .
A woman is beginning to cook .
The animals are outside .
a girl on her cellphone lying on the ground
A man is in a room .
A woman and a dog enjoy time together
Some humans standing
A young man is perfoming a good skill on a skateboard on the sidewalk in a metropolitan area .
There is a guy performing a skill on a skateboard on the sidewalk in a metropolitan area .
a man flips his skateboard on a cement surface
a man does a skateboarding trick on a cement surface
Two girls are decorating their Christmas tree .
daddy taught her
A boy on a skateboard .
A man dressed really strangely is walking in front of some shops .
There are three people .
A person with a skateboard is preparing to do tricks .
A skateboarder stands on top of a halfpipe about to jump down .
A lady points .
The woman is walking outside .
There is a man playing an instrument
The bridge had train tracks across it .
A man in a black suit is standing next to a man in a blue outfit .
Some people are exercising outside .
People are outside .
The former First Lady is at the podium for a conference .
Laura Bush stands in front of a conference
The two men are wearing hula grass skirts .
Times Square is a place .
A group of people wait in a line .
A man surfing on the water
Two men with a toy .
The man is in a boat
A man leaning on a tree
A truck driving
A man is sitting crisscross
The shirt is gray .
two dogs are running .
The cigarette is lit
The clock is accurate at least two times a day .
There are people wearing scrubs .
A chef is near a kitchen .
A child and woman are picture .
The man is sweeping dirt
The man is sweeping
A woman fixes a display shelf .
Men are upright on a stage .
Two men hold torches to celebrate
A man slicing coconut next to a stump .
Someone is at the doctor .
A young lady is sitting at a table .
A boy is wearing clothes .
There is a lot of people standing near each other .
A person is skating .
4 older woman are walking
A man is sitting down .
The man does not have a home .
People dressed in Japanese clothing walk through a courtyard .
A person shows some people his face painting .
The man has his face painted .
A man sitting with a sign
A boy in green pajamas plays .
The young boy is holding a toy .
A photo is being taken of a man and a baby girl .
Team members of a sport is relaxing after practice .
Two people walking toward a brick building with their mural on its side .
Two people walking toward a brick building with a colorful mural outside .
A vendor stares into space .
The ambulance is n't stopped by heavy traffic
A boy runs across a road in front of an abandoned building .
A boy is running infront of a building .
Children are indoors .
Boys are in a place of learning .
Three women are running .
A man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas
A gentleman with no chest hair , wrangles his way through a toilet seat .
A contortionist fits his head and arms through a toilet seat .
A person walks along with a can of soda in his hand .
There are men trying to push a car in snow .
Two children are wet .
The women are on stage .
An old man is making pottery to sell .
A man is making pottery .
A child plays outdoors .
A man sitting on top of a mountain .
The cyclist was riding near the ocean at sunset .
A crowd of people are taking a picture outside .
A woman is taking a picture .
A clothed child is in the shower
The man is entered in a event .
Two men are under a waterfall .
The hose is being used .
A man is spraying water on concrete .
a man and a boy were riding bikes through town on the sidewalk
The woman has a white shirt on .
The woman is holding a purse .
A moving walkway has a group of men riding on it .
There is a group of people at the airport .
A person is situated near a mountain .
The kids are learning .
The kids sit in front of computers .
Two men are next to each other .
A person walks by a cafe .
A lady is holding an object to contain items while she is behind fruit .
There are some players chasing a ball .
A man sitting on the floor with pictures around him .
A man sitting on the floor with photographs around him .
A woman is checking out papers .
The college class of mostly females watched a presentation .
The class of mostly females watched a presentation .
A swimmer is swimming
A woman holding her sleeping son looks out a window .
The band is playing .
Three women sit together .
Musicians are playing their instruments at a venue
A woman performs for the crowd .
The woman is a street performer .
Three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts
An astronaut training underwater .
A human working
The guy is on a rock with a skateboard .
The skateboarder is near a rock .
A man pilots his boat .
Women taking pictures of each other .
The ledge is made of a hard substance .
The players are playing rugby .
A woman is sitting in a chair .
people watch men in kilts
A person threw a pole .
A man is wearing a skirt .
Kids are sightseeing
A woman is crying .
Women are wielding nun-chucks .
Sin men are in tuxedos
The roller coaster ride is filled with people .
A man is holding a unicycle in a curious manner .
A kid is practicing .
The kids are playing soccer .
There is a light show .
A football player is holding a ball .
There is one woman in this picture .
A group of people are standing around with smiles are their faces , and in the background are more people and handmade signs .
There is a group of people standing around and smiling .
A boy is standing in sand .
Three women are talking and there is a woman on a motorcyle .
A man is in his house .
The officers are outside .
Food is being prepared and served .
a man surfs
The man is windsurfing on the ocean .
A crowd is watching people dance .
A person is using what looks to be a fax machine .
A young kid is smiling .
An Asian man transports a group of bags .
A man is practicing his religion .
The band is playing music
Two people are climbing something .
a boy engaged in a leisure activity
Two people are occupied with different content .
a man sweeps
The group of people are dressed alike .
A saleswoman in a market .
Two people outdoors
Boy in a pool
The people are walking in the dirt
The men are working
A man in the crowd is wearing his hat backwards .
The man in the green cap finds something funny .
A fat woman is wearing a shirt .
A man is swimming in an indoor pool .
A man is cutting wood .
The man is outside .
An man on crutches is outside .
Two people work outside .
Two men work outdoors .
A cowboy is riding a bronco outside .
The young man is a guitar player
An old man smiles in front of soda cans .
A toddler and little girl are blowing bubbles .
Two men are standing near an idling bulldozer .
There are two soccer players .
a old man was talking
the musician is performing
Man staring off into the distance .
The three adults are outside in the garden .
The man and his follows walk along outside
A dog runs in the grass .
A male is engaging in something acrobatic .
A man is standing on his hands .
The child has sand on him or her .
The girl is sitting on the beach .
A man is near a desk and a computer .
a bicycle is being ridden
The rollderblader is using the rail .
The skateboarder rides the rail .
A boy is playing on rocks .
The man is cutting through ice .
There are animals outdoors
A male has clothes on and is outside walking down the street .
The two women are amused .
A woman is setting up a camera on a tripod
The person is outdoors .
The man is making a crude gesture .
A dog and cow are outside .
A young man is grilling food .
People checking out their reflection .
A kid is in a wagon .
Two girls are wearing blue shirts .
Four people pose for an outdoor photo .
A female is outside , standing .
A man is on a motorbike .
there are 3 people with blindfolds
A machine takes down architecture as a man sprays water on it .
The demolition vehicle is being operated .
a girl eats on a bench near a stroller
More than one person is working on edible buildings .
People are sitting .
The girl in pink holding an umbrella .
a woman is active
Women are watching a parade .
A woman is looking at a phtographer
the kid is in front of the tree
Man in relaxed clothing lounging in a chair watching tv
Man sitting in a red chair flipping through tv channels .
a man is relaxing
A boy is outside playing .
A woman jogging in a park .
Hockey players are standing on the ice rink .
People rushing to get to work .
A man saluting the American Flag .
A lady uses a camera .
A man is going to play baseball .
the women rides a scooter down the street
A woman is wearing a shirt .
A person is holding a tennis racket .
A man is working outside .
A person is wearing boots .
The restaurant is open at night .
the guy in the sweatshirt uses the power saw
a lady runs wearing red and black
People drink a beverage .
There are multiple people present .
A group are celebrating the 4th of July .
a man is a t a soccor court
One player on the women 's beach volleyball team jumps to spike the ball as her teammate looks on .
Some women are playing a sport .
Two men in cultural garb are playing drums among a crowd .
Two men in cultural garb play the drums for a crowd .
The two dogs are outside .
A man and a child look at something .
A person is windsurfing .
People are taking a break from their activities .
A man stands on his tip toes in front of two people .
A woman is walking past a brick wall .
A group of people are turning over a car .
A woman is wearing an apron .
Two people are drinking .
A girl is pushing a scooter .
A child sits next to a storm drain .
A man is playing an instrument .
People walking outside
A woman is wakeboarding .
The right leg is in a brace
The girl is jumping .
a boy playing
boy swinging
A woman picks a flower out of a bucket .
A mass of people moving the same way .
The BMX rider is riding a two wheeled vehicle .
A group of construction workers is taking a break .
Two young people sit in a black chair happily .
Two people sign copies of books .
Two people sign copies of their latest novel .
Two workers are working .
a man stands in a construction site
The dogs are chasing a ball .
A person surrounded by spring trees .
a man alone in the park
There is a person outside .
Two small children walk outdoors .
Kids are walking in a field .
Some people are riding bicycles .
A man has long red hair
Two snowboarders race .
Two skateboarders race .
A woman is smiling .
A biker is close to the fountain .
A gymnast scanning a crowd for familiar faces .
A woman is holding a stuffed animal .
A human with a trumpet
The fighter jet plane is not moving .
A couple is going to kiss .
The ballerina 's leg is lifted behind her .
A man in a black hat is swinging with some children .
A man is painting outside .
The woman is sitting .
A train conductor is standing in a door .
A group of dogs are racingon a track .
A costume is being worn by a performer .
People are outdoors .
The group of adults is happy .
The young white girl is outdoors .
A truck is on it 's side .
The man is outdoors walking .
The woman has sounds emanting from her mouth .
People shopping for veggies and fruit at a market .
Four clothed children relaxing in a room .
Man handling books while sitting in chair .
Motorcycle rider riding over a bump .
Two men are sitting down .
There are five individuals near a building .
A boy is running outside .
Two people are riding on bikes outside .
Children are eating .
A woman is skiing .
A person with a dark top is outside doing something active .
Lady with matching pink bag and blouse reaches toward man next to her .
A woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera
There are dogs .
There are two groups of dogs , some are loose .
Two men wrestle in uniform .
Students are inside of a museum
There are two police vehicles in the photo .
A group of swimmers are jumping into water .
Two boys in bed .
Three men pound on some drums
two men in workers gear are on a large ship with machinery
There are fans at a sporting event .
The chef is dicing fish with his knife .
a crwod is cheering
A woman is playing her instrument .
A man rock climbing .
There is a family sitting outside with their children .
Two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a shopping zone
The bridge is wood
the woman has make-up on her body
Three men are dressed in suits .
A couple cops keep an eye on the parking lot .
A snowboarder is performing tricks .
The snowboarder is grinding a rail .
A child is playing outside on a jungle gym .
The females are sitting .
People are surrounded by flowers .
There are 4 female humans who are moving .
there are a group of people
A man on the steps is being photographed by a girl .
People are looking outside
The boy is playing with toys .
The man is outside .
The woman is wearing a dress .
Two dogs are playing together .
People are indoors .
Five total people are near a table with objects on it .
A woman is doing laundry .
Two bears are looking at each other with mouths open .
The man is currently competing .
The children are in the water .
The rider is in the air .
A man is playing a guitar outside .
A guy riding a skateboard .
A person is driving in front of other people .
A group of old people are outdoors playing music .
A kid and some flowers .
A dog has its mouth open .
A girl is holding a bib .
people are boarding and disembarking some boats
People standing outside of a house .
The dog is large
A bike rider wearing racing gear pedals a bike past the fence .
the man is in an office .
The male has at least one prosthetic leg .
A man skates outside .
Two women in tank tops drinking
A group of people does n't care about the stadium they are sitting in .
A person with a hat
The young men are working outside .
Two men are emptying a barrel .
A man looks mysterious .
a man is seated
A person rides a skateboard .
The little boy and the man sit behind the car 's steering wheel .
Three men are holding hands .
The country road has a walker wearing green .
The runner is posing for a picture .
A woman in the doctors office .
The surface of the earth is visible .
Two females holding each other .
A man is in front of water .
There is one man in this picture , and he is outside .
The sky is blue with a single puffy cloud .
People are making music together .
Some children are looking
Some children are looking while some ladies stand
The boy is standing near a water fountain .
The dog is outside .
Dancing is going on a room .
The red and blue cars are racing for the finish line .
Two cars are racing .
There is a person with a green backpack .
A woman talking to someone .
Some people are outside kneeling .
A man racing on a dirt track .
A woman is looking at a camera .
A child is playing in the park .
A boy is playing a Nintendo DS with his sister .
Two people are playing ball .
Two men are playing .
Two dogs are moving .
Women are playing ping pong .
there are people outside at night
This woman is on a shopping trip .
The soccer game is being played at night .
A man by a full shopping cart .
A person wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing .
The bicycles are besides the people .
Two men standing together are dressed up .
A man drawing .
Roller derby players skating around the rink .
There is a roller derby match involving women .
A rollerskater pulling away from the pack .
A skater ahead of the competition in a race .
The man is outdoors .
There are people of differing ages outside playing golf .
Workers outside on a slippery walkway
There are multiple people present .
Two people setup a device
Two children are looking through a telescope together at a city street .
There are two individuals
There is one child in this picture .
Something alcoholic is visible .
A man stands by boxes .
The man is wearing a jacket .
A woman yells while a groups of people gathers .
People gather in front of a building .
A health worker is evaluating a girl .
Someone pours water into a bottle
There is mud on the rugby players .
A woman holds an axe .
The roofer is outside working .
a guy in brown jumps up in a room with a wood floor
a man jumps high
A man is jumping .
women selling fruits
asian women at a market
The umbrellas are open .
Construction worker at work
A basketball player is trying to make a shot while two players try to block it .
Two people are outdoors .
the woman holding book and yellow paper star with smiling
The young girl is wearing a red shirt .
A man is painting a wall .
The man is riding fast down a trail .
someone dances while a man holds a paddle
Asians take pictures .
A group stands on the street in front of a brick wall .
The man is pushing a cart down the road .
A racecar is being watched .
The man and woman are outdoors .
The woman is sitting .
A scientist studies a slide that is related to her invention .
There are lights in the town .
The pants are long .
A person with a book
Someone has taken a photo .
Young boy plays outside
The man is wearing the costume .
The person is moving her hand .
Men on bikes go over a sand hill .
A couple are having a photoshoot .
Four men are posing .
AN Asian woman is dancing .
A dog is playing outside .
A boy rides a horse .
A man is standing .
A man is raising his arm .
A motorcycle and a van ride next to each other .
The burning blue building smells of smoke
Two belly dancers perform
A person in clothing
a soccer player gets ready to kick the ball .
A man is digging the snow outside .
Two people play flag football .
Two people on oposite teams play flag football .
Two people are playing flag football .
Some people outdoors .
the female is wearing a ponytail
the female is wearing her hair up
a guy with a hat sits with a glass
A woman is dressed .
A man and woman make music .
Two people on a stage
There are people outside
There is a girl holding a beer bottle .
The mother and daughter are meeting .
The surgeons are operating .
A boy denies his sister a drink .
Kids do n't share water .
There 's a lady with ginger hair
People are celebrating with music and costumes .
A small group of men clad in summery clothing are standing on sandy palm tree lined beach .
Couples rowing on surfboards .
The child slides into the pool .
An old man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper that is full of clothes on his handlebars .
A man is on his bike with a laundry hamper .
An old woman is in a kitchen .
An old woman is baking .
There is a girl outdoors .
A man sits outside by a table
A grounds crew maintain a park .
Kids are playing soccer .
A high school band prepares to play in front of a large crowd .
A high school band prepares themselves to put on a musical performance .
A woman is on a rooftop .
Children are playing .
People are standing on stage .
In a dim room , several actors who can barely see each other , are getting ready to act .
A man plays tennis .
Someone takes a swing at a ball .
A man is trekking through the snow with ski poles .
a person playing a sport
A woman wearing a tank top and pants looks through some glass .
Some humans looking
A man holds a flag .
A snowbaorder performs a trick jump .
Two women with cotton candy smile .
Two people taking a ride together on a bicyle outside .
A man is riding a motorcyle .
people are with a dog
A camera is being lowered onto a running track by a girl in black pants
Two men are near audio equipment .
There are bubbles around the statue .
A statue is in the middle of the street .
Some people standing
One person kneels in front of a plastic bucket . .
people sit around a table
A man and a patient in a hospital room .
A man in a hospital receives a visiting friend .
An old man rides a bike .
A guy rides past the park .
The four men are in front of windows .
There is a person outside .
cook prepares food
A child rides his skateboard at the park .
There are a few girls present .
An animal is running outside .
The middle-aged woman is outdoors .
The girls are in a library .
A kid has a painted face .
A photographer dressed in black takes a picture .
The woman is outside .
A brunette lady wearing a blue shirts is painting the two windows she sees .
A woman is painting .
A human wearing glasses
A cyclist dressed in black and white points .
A young man is at the bowling alley .
A market is selling soft drinks in an Arabic country .
People are inside .
A woman wearing a striped wrap is looking at the camera .
Two roller derby competitors skate quickly ahead of teammates .
Two roller derby competitors are near their teammates and a referee .
Girls are playing basketball .
A band is playing a concert .
A man is on top of a building .
Children are swimming .
A guy is next to a dog while holding some musical instruments .
A man and woman walk down a city street .
A woman is singing on stage .
A man sits .
A man has a skateboard
a man plays guitar
a man is taking pictures
A boy is outdoors .
A group of people are on stage .
A brown dog walking out of a tunnel .
Five people are standing by a staircase .
The man is pole vaulting .
A dog is on the beach .
People in blue hard hats watch as a man in a white shirt and shorts rock climb .
A man watering plants .
A guy is cheering near some children .
A girl is showing affection towards a cat .
The man 's hands are on the keys of a piano .
The child is posing for the photographer .
A man plays a piano .
The fireworks were shot into the sky .
A boy is wearing a jacket .
Two men sit on innertubes in the middle of a body of water .
Two men are doing hard labor .
A large audience is seated inside together .
A man is touching other people in a crowd .
A dog is running .
Two boys are talking in the middle of a street .
Two men are in a car .
Many people are having a conversation .
A person with glasses
The people are walking down the street .
There is an animal jumping .
There are people looking at books .
two people ride a lawn mower outside
A man without a shirt is on the water .
Some boys are running behind a ball
The couple is sitting near water .
The referee and players are getting ready to face-off .
A woman is walking down a busy street .
a man in green shirt
A girl is swinging , rather high , on a swing with blue ropes .
A girl drinks a soda on the street
There are two woman in this picture , and they are both outside .
The people are dancing .
The people are in costume and playing music .
People prepare to play games .
Two girls on a tube .
Two girls playing on a tube .
People are on a couch
They pass eachother .
There is a man holding a rop
They are not looking in the same direction .
Two girls on a boat .
Two scuba divers are underwater .
The people work in the medical field .
People walk down a sidewalk .
There are multiple people present .
A guy is cutting another man 's hair .
A person waterskiing in a river with a wall in the background .
The children are playing together .
The dogs are fighting .
The person is hard to see .
A woman walks to an escalator .
Asian people sitting next to each other .
The man is holding an object .
A person is in a classroom teaching .
The woman is using her cellphone .
Three men talk while their fourth takes a shot .
A group of cyclists racing .
People are gathered by the water .
A motorist is riding his bike .
The person is riding a motorcycle
The motorcyclist is in the air
The child is upside down .
There is a man wearing a pink shirt .
Two men read the paper .
three dogs together
The boy is swinging a bat .
The man is swinging
A clad in denim person works is working on a bridge outdoors .
The man is near food .
Someone is sawing .
People wait to get on a double decker bus at night .
People are in line .
a rooster near a vendor
A man looks out his window .
The water in the pool is being splashed .
A boy is playing in the swimming pool .
A person is walking
The baby is smiling
An bike rider jumping ramps on a sunny day .
Two people are in the same area .
a child plays with two brooms outside
There are two people sitting down .
The man appears to be suspended in midair .
A woman in a shirt is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face .
Six men dressed in black and yellow uniforms are standing in a gymnasium .
Band performing a song on stage .
A man in a swamp .
A group of people march in a parade .
A boy sits in front of stones .
Woman resting her head on man 's shoulder
The man is standing .
Two humans are outdoors .
The men are older .
The kitchen is not empty .
a child holds a dress
A man laughing .
There are people sitting on benches outdoors .
There is a table .
a man gives presentation
There is a boy and a telescope .
A man is smoking on a street .
A man is reaching out to a strand of lamps .
The children are outdoors
Two people are next to each other .
The choir is singing .
a person walks a way from a dirt circle
A person walks away
People are riding bikes in both directions on a road .
The man is outdoors
A young woman in a black skirt is walking next to nearby shops .
The boy and girl are playing together
The boy and girl are outside
A man working in the snow .
The kids are indoors playing a video game .
Children play in the snow .
A man reaches into a car .
A group of people wait at a bus stop as a large white and blue bus stops .
two people paddle their boat on the ocean
two people paddles a canoe on the ocean
A group of boys are playing soccer in the street .
A rally in a seperate country .
A person in a shirt
A woman is reading .
A woman is holding a book .
The man is holding an instrument .
The child is at play .
a man is posing
A man is able to use his legs .
A man is outside .
A couple is getting married
A person is splashing in water .
The to people are walking .
A boy in orange rides his dirt bike .
People re riding bicycles
Man climbing a cliff .
A woman walks through a crowd
A man is looking at the camera for a photo with his arm around a lady who is looking away .
The man is looking at the camera .
There are boys and girls sitting at a table
A man is with a woman .
A couple of men a seated on a couch .
A man is performing a song .
The dog is outside .
A person is messing with a tree .
A casually dressed man admiring an antique car .
A dog and a duck are outside .
A dog is swimming through a pond in pursuit of a duck .
Two men standing outdoors .
two men are discussing
The girl is throwing something .
The man is driving .
Two people hugging .
The children hug in the woods .
The gentleman is speaking to a young lady .
A person juggles in a kilt .
A man in a shirt juggles .
A man rides a bike outside .
A group of people rest
There is a young woman .
A child is playing outside .
A person is playing an instrument .
The boy is walking outside .
The boy is walking .
A man is outside .
He is outside .
A child is Asian .
A lady and a child are on a boat and the lady is looking out into the ocean through a scope .
A lady is looking through a scope at the ocean .
A woman has a bright pink jacket .
Four men are watching the storage unit .
There are women singing .
woman rollerblading
There are several people , one has a cap on .
Two dogs are outside .
Three people are hanging out .
A man is wearing a white shirt .
a boy in a coat
A dog in the snow is carrying some object .
People are walking through a gate .
A girl is ingesting liquid .
The audience is listening to the concert in the dark .
Two boys jump .
There are multiple people present .
Two children are playing on a swing set .
Two people are on some animals .
Man performs a juggling act on a unicycle .
The two men are talking .
People share a conversation .
Someone is inside .
Animals are in a tub .
A couple of people are at the end of the dock .
The man is wearing a button up shirt .
A speaker is talking .
There are some people on a road .
the man is outdoors
A lady is excited .
A man performs under a light .
One smiling man and one man with a drill hold a red and yellow Chinese lantern .
Multiple people are indoors near a piece of furniture .
The girl is browsing her phone while another girl watches her .
A guy working on his instrument .
A man is trimming trees .
The couple stood in the snow .
A boy singing .
Two people are outside .
A couple dressed in angel costumes are handing out leaflets on the sidewalk .
The girl is riding a horse .
A single man in a blue t-shirt , jeans and a baseball cap wors on a roof of a house laying shingles
A big brown dog and a tiny black dog are standing in a field .
A strainer contains some liquid .
A man is playing a guitar .
There are cyclists racing .
A woman in an American military uniform .
A woman is writing on paper
A man and a child sitting on steps saw a woman walk by .
A man and a child sitting on steps saw a bystander .
Two people are climbing .
A girl is wearing a hat .
Three people sit in a paddle boat .
A person in a shirt
A woman is looking
A person snowboarding in mid air
A fisherman uses a cellphone .
a tractor is decorated for a parade
Men play
A dog is jumping .
The woman is riding a horse .
A girl is play fighting .
The man protected himself .
A dog is being trained by a man .
A skier going down a hill .
Someone who is visible is more than fifteen years old .
A person is wearing orange .
A man walking in Droney Park .
A man is sleeping in the rear of an automobile .
A baby looks into a device .
A kid is doing a thing outside .
A kid is doing a thing .
Two people are on a stage
The man has a beard and a short Mohawk haircut .
A man with a short Mohawk and beard stands outside .
A little boy is whispering to a girl .
A woman is getting her picture taken near a truck .
A woman working with her hands protected from harm .
The woman is working with plants .
Three girls are jumping
A girl jumps in a grassy field
A girl jumps in her newly cut lawn
There are several people wearng red .
Four young men looking up at a basketball hoop .
The ballerina is indoors .
Several children are posing on a stage .
People are outside .
A boy has and object in his hands .
A woman is being athletic .
There is more than one bucket .
A woman is cleaning wood .
a man sits in front of another man
An older man is outdoors
The man is outdoors .
A woman sits outside on the dock .
A girl is playing tennis .
Six people are dressed up .
Two people play tennis as one of them runs .
A woman browses a market
Two men and two women are outside having conversations .
A lady in the kitchen cleans her feet .
A military man is walking away from the line of military vehicles
A girl splashes in water .
Two men playing soccer .
two dogs run
There are animals outside .
A drum has people standing around it .
a person sits in a chair in water
A guy wears a shirt on a bike .
There are several people sitting around a table .
A girl is at the park .
There are men on the beach .
A crowd is at the farmers market .
Fours people are looking at art
A man makes something from a balloon .
the guy has bottles on the truck
Boy pretending to be a doctor .
The people are in a boat
Two people are in front of a fountain .
A crowd is celebrating Christmas outside of Bank of America .
A person on a bicycle has his bike situated on a wire .
The lady is reading .
Some people are seated on a bench outside .
People look outside .
Young woman performing bike tricks at a bike park .
people sitting at a table
A boy puts on some sunglasses
There are computers and a projector screen in the room .
Children play on trampolines outdoors .
Two kids are exercising on trampolines .
Two soccer players go after the ball .
The man is sweeping the steps .
People are shopping .
A young male is wearing clothes .
There is a girl and her father present .
Taking a break
A dog plays in the park .
A boy is carrying something on his shoulder .
A man is speaking to a crowd .
A guy walks on a downed tree trunk .
A young man wearing a gray winter jacket walks on a fallen oak tree .
A man walks outdoors .
A woman is engaging some girls .
Some kids playing with a raft .
There are many girls standing together .
Two girls kiss a man .
A woman looks to her left
The man is inside a building .
I am near a lake .
A woman watches the water .
The lab tech is using the microscope .
A choir is singing .
The man is being filmed by another man .
An award ceremony is occurring .
A woman crosses the street carrying her baby .
A man sitting on his motorcycle with the sunset directly behind him outside .
A man sitting on his motorcycle as night begins to fall .
A man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman
The young girl is outside .
Two people are going for a hike .
A person is walking .
A dog has a man sleeping next to it .
The people are at the race .
A boy poses in front of children playing
A group of people celebrate .
A man rides a motorcycle .
Two dogs playing together .
People put up new art at the towns local gallery .
a dancer performs
someone dances with a ribbon
The gymnast completes her exercise .
Two people are riding bikes near a building .
A female soccer team is listening to their coach .
A person is wearing a dark hat
A woman is talking while a man is reaching for something .
people make balloons
Two girls enjoying a night on the town .
There are four people outside .
A child in a colorful outfit , holds a piece of sporting equipment and uses it to propel an orb against a vertical surface .
A boy is playing in the grass .
Two animals are swimming .
SHe is outside .
They are people in the water with clothes on .
Two people are painting ceramics
Two people walk across the beach .
Two guys sit on the side of a billboard .
The woman is relaxing in water .
The dog is running .
The dog is racing other dogs .
A man is wearing glasses and a baseball cap .
A child sits on the animal 's back .
There are multiple people present .
A runner want to head for the finish line .
A runner in a competition want to go to the finish line .
A cyclist is being filmed .
A group of students are listening .
Some students are attending a class .
A man is holding a stone in front of a wall .
A man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm .
There are many boats out .
A man is wearing a football sweatshirt .
A man stands by a wall outside .
A man stands by a wall .
There is a man standing outside having his photo taken by another person with a shadow .
Two men standing next to each other
A human sitting .
a guy smoking against a wall with a flier on it
The runners are running towards the large buildings .
kids playing outside
The boy is surrounded by snow
A man posed with his teammates in the background .
There are people working .
Five men are kneeling , while another man puts his hands into the air .
Men are in wetsuits
Men are standing up
A man sitting .
A girl in shorts is fishing in a pond .
A young man wears clothing .
A man walks down the street with other people around
There is a man .
The older gentleman wearing a plaid shirt and blue pants looks through the telescope .
The basket is woven .
A man is posing .
A black man is standing on stage .
A guy standed near the fence .
three people talk
A group of people are looking at something
The boy is playing at the beach .
People are eating in this picture .
The man is a musician
The man has little hair .
A boy is looking at pastries .
The bowler who just rolled in the bright , noisy alley is hoping for a strike .
Someone is in a bowling alley .
Two people cook together .
A man does a jump trick on his bike .
A man jumps his bike .
One woman speaking into a microphone while a second woman writes beside her .
A human standing .
Brunette woman sitting outside a cafe .
The man is protecting his eyes with sunglasses .
There is a group of people sitting .
Flying black and white bird
A band is playing music .
A cement worker is working on a new sidewalk .
A man sitting next to a wheelbarrow full of produce .
a dog catching a ball
Older men sitting at a cafe
Two items on fire .
Someone is selling paintings .
Someone is selling artwork .
Vegetables are being sold under a white tent .
The people are pretending to sleep .
They are at a performance .
The people are running outside .
A woman is looking at a book .
Older man talking
Two woman are petting a animal .
People eating stuff outdoors .
a man in shorts
Two people are posing for a portrait .
An extreme biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue sky .
There is a shirt .
A dog on a red leash walking away .
A man is riding his bike
a man at the opening of a large tree
There 's a dog and an orange on the floor .
There is a man riding a bicycle .
The game of golf being played .
A person is looking at something from afar .
A group of climbers takes a break .
A boy throwing a stone .
a man walking around in nature
a woman on a street holding a newspaper that says `` real change ''
a woman holding a newspaper that says `` real change ''
Males are socializing with each other while wearing casual clothes .
A single person stands on a heavily-eroded large cliff-side rock
A single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock
He is outside .
Two people are going for a stroll in the woods .
A boy has a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater .
A person in a shirt
The man is outdoors .
A person has food outside .
A young lady is ordering food .
A young lady is ordering from a food truck .
A bucket of flowers is carried by a woman .
The man is outside on a boat .
Three kids performed a camping skit .
The child is in a playground .
A group of people are standing .
Two cars were in an accident .
Women are chatting in a restaurant .
A human standing .
Friends are preparing a meal .
Two people are lying outside .
A man is moving items in a cart .
Two girls are somewhere cold .
A male uses paint to stencil words on a circular sign laying horizontal yet made to be erected .
the people are laughing
A girl is inside a vehicle .
A man is shooting a gun .
A musician plays on his instrument .
the guy kicked something
A person is outside .
A person is standing outside in the rain looking at flood damage .
A young man is trying to balance .
A topless man is working outside .
There is a little girl .
The bride hugs the other person .
Three people are leading a parade .
A man is showing off his prize winning mule .
The men are working
A child is in a baby carrier .
Two boys are walking together carrying a bag .
A person is reaching up .
The couple are on a bus .
A lady in a dress has a container of yarn toys .
People are walking on the beach .
A lot of people are in a race
A man is holding a mop on a roof .
There are a lot of birds outside by the sidewalk .
There is a little boy standing on the sidewalk .
Gymnast group preparing for a competition .
Gymnasts wearing matching leotards practicing .
A woman is wearing colorful clothing .
The woman is not laughing .
Folks riding bikes .
There are people outside .
There is one man in the picture .
A group of people including a man and a woman are playing instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood sightseeing bus .
A group of people on a bus are sightseeing .
There is a bus carrying a lot of people on it .
a colorfully dressed child rides a bike
Some people are outside
Two children surf in the ocean .
Two children surf .
there are many trucks
there are many food trucks
A youth skateboards by a mural .
Runners see a dragon costumed person
a woman is inside
A man is outside in the snow .
Some of the people shown are related .
A dog is running .
The people are using paint brushes .
A teenager working on homework .
The boy 's project is for a school activity .
Chefs are making food for customers .
A black man with no hair is making a scultpure with a pick and a hammer .
There are people at the beach .
A few people are near the ocean
Two dogs run in the grass .
someone in a plaid shirt sits on a box with something in hand
The boy is jumping over kids .
A few dogs are playing outsides .
People are celebrating .
The people are outside
Two individuals are walking outdoors .
A young man smoking a cigarette
Cheerleaders are wearing outside .
A football coach talks with his player in front of the team and the crowd
A man has a beer with him .
A young woman is sitting down
A blonde woman sits on a bench outside in a park .
A blonde woman sits on a bench .
A woman walks outdoors .
A cheerleader passes out shirts
Cheerleaders pass out rolled up t shirts
A dog is racing .
There is a dog outside .
An old Indian man is sleep
A person in a top
Two girls are near an animal .
someone plays a game
A man is outside on the streets .
A basketball player is playing basketball .
Two people are about to be in water .
The bird is on the ground .
Some people are playing rugby .
A person carrying a bag with a girl behind her
A dark headed man in a suit speaking to a seated woman .
A man speaking to a woman .
A young boy is using a utensil to handle meat on a grill .
A man is on the phone .
A female is near a male .
The man is outside .
A lady with an axe is posing in the middle of the woods .
People rock climb with rope .
The woman is adjusting the boat .
Two people are hiking with backpacks up a snowy slope .
Two mountaineers walking on a mountain .
A person is painting .
A person is in front of a brick wall .
There are people outside
The man is playing the guitar .
A man is riding a brown horse while protecting his head with a helmet .
People are in a snowstorm .
someone who plays a xylophone
xylophone is played by someone
The men are wearing black pants .
A man and a small multicolored dog are in the water .
A man teaches his puppy how to swim .
Children are napping on a floor .
A woman is carrying a serving tray .
Their is a girl playing soccer in a field .
A dog is running through a marshy area .
TWo men are boxing .
A guy looks upon a collision between vehicles .
A man is testing model airplanes .
People watch ducks in a pond .
A boy holds some flashcards in his hands
A boy punches his new flashcards from the carboard they came i.
The woman is wearing dark clothing .
Some men work on a machine on a wall .
People are outside .
People are enjoying the sunny day at the market .
There is sand in the ground .
A group of adults and kids .
Someone is about to cross the road while someone else watches .
A man is prone on the street while another man stands next to him .
A girl moving her muscles to get exercise in .
A family is enjoying a night at home .
a boy riding a roller-coaster
A man is taking a picture outdoors while a woman walks behind him .
The machinery is very large
Two men cut some plastic .
A woman is swimming .
Two girls ride an amusement park ride .
A woman is exploring containers for something .
The woman is holding a camera .
The boys are stretching .
Three women are reading and writing .
There is a field with a parking lot .
There is a bald man .
The children are less than 20 yrs old .
A microphone is near the stage .
The person is snowboarding .
A person skate boarding .
A young person in black next to an older person .
There are young girls showing animal drawings .
Two women are reading , one has a magazine , while the other has a book .
A young girl is playing .
A woman is holding her bag and talking .
A woman holding a bag , and talking on her cellphone , is standing on the corner of the street , waiting to cross .
a girl with a helmet wears a dog tag
People stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on .
A man is outside in the snow .
A person is skateboarding
A man holds a briefcase .
A female child , with no shoes but a helmet on , walks on top of a tree that has fallen down .
The boy is jumping up
Young people are running outdoors .
A drummer playing on drums .
Two men are engaging in a sporting activity .
There are children wearing blue .
Man doing a trick riding his bicycle .
Children playing a game on green grass .
A woman walking a dog
The people are outside skating .
A girl is near a frozen waterfall .
A young girl is by a waterfall .
A girl standing near ice .
A girl is standing in a winter landscape .
Two people wearing red outfits walking on a street
A security officer is outside .
THere is women navigating through the fields .
A person standing in a wheat field .
A wet golden retriever is in a lake .
people sit and stand together by a building
The man has two cameras .
two women walk
A man is sitting on a car .
A man is walking .
A person sitting on a rock cliff .
A man with a boy and their white dog are looking at postcards .
It is food collection room as a donation .
Two children are doing something together .
A man in rubber boots and a work apron is rubbing his face in between pulling floating objects .
A man wearing work clothes and boots is working on a flotation device .
A person is working at a market .
the guy with the afro is playing on the guitar
The man with the stripped shirt is carrying a camera on his body .
Young women are outdoors .
A bird is standing on a pole line .
the boy is wearing formal clothes
A person is in a vehicle
Two boys are at a machine .
A man is near a dog .
Two people are listening to the other person on the table speak .
There is a child and a birdhouse .
The lady is giving the old man a hug .
A person in a blouse
A man is singing .
A couple stands near some stairs .
A man is kissing a woman
A boy has a yellow balloon .
A woman is at a dinner table .
walkers under a blue sky
There 's a young boy with rocks in hand .
The dog is outdoors .
A man is wearing a coat .
Two students jumping in a class .
There are two women in the photo
There is a person jogging by the shore .
There is a businessman is walking .
There are people outside .
A woman in a white and red basketball uniform .
People are playing a variation of baseball .
Two people holding rackets .
Two ballerina are talking .
Two woman are talking .
A man is holding a sign .
People carrying bikes .
A sideshow man in a black costume is performing a trick with fire for the audience .
The cart of water is large .
men using metal rods
A man ridding his bike .
People have bikes .
Two women look like Police in similar jackets standing in the street .
Women playing a sport
Two kids are in a field .
two women are looking
A man juggling .
A man is playing with dogs .
A soccer player scored a goal .
a man in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays drums
A woman is sitting near food .
There is a table next to a lady .
A woman taping something to a board .
A man is behind some drums .
A kid is interested in a toy .
A hot air balloon is making a landing .
A person holding a child .
A boy is outdoors .
a woman outside
A woman is walking away from Trader Joe 's with a full shopping cart .
A worker searches a ruined building .
An area is lit up by flashlight .
A fireman is in the dark .
A fireman with an axe looks at some debris .
A man in a uniform is talking to another man .
The man is holding a stick .
A man is outside .
Children are waving flags .
A man driving a go kart , numbered 65 , on a narrow paved road .
The child 's hands are on the man 's head .
A group of people are playing in the water .
A woman is dancing .
People are waiting to cross the street .
Little girls blows bubbles .
A human looks at the camera while building something .
An older gentleman in overalls looks at the camera while he is building a stained red deck in front of a house .
The people are near a sign .
Two men without shirts are jumping in the street .
a boy played in the streets with his motorized car .
The small child is dressed for winter .
A dog runs with a stick in his mouth .
A man is exercising by water .
There are people in a pool .
A boy is jumping his skateboard
A woman is with her dog outside .
Two old friends catching up with each other .
Older man with green jacket conversing with another man .
a man argues with another who is making threatening jeastures
a man argues with another who is raising his fist
This woman is on a hill .
A woman and two kids next to each other .
A person in face paint
A picture of people enjoying themselves at an amusement park .
the girl is wearing pink color frok
a girl is playing electronic drums
This man is outside .
A man and a dog are at a park .
A man and a dog are at a dog park .
A woman is using a large umbrella .
A woman is using an umbrella .
The woman is wearing a vest .
A child is at the bay .
Three men adn a woman look at produce
two children are together
A rider is riding his motocross bike .
3 smiling people on a boat
3 boating people being video taped .
There is a crowd outside the restaurant .
a man is smiling
The guy is a skateboarder .
Young snowboarder sizing up their next jump
The person is running
The man is working on art .
A man sitting and woman laying in his lap .
The man is fixing a car .
People walking through nature .
A man is holding a surfboard .
There is a water scene with the sunset in the back .
A man is performing a trick on a bike .
A person with a wakeboard .
Two people are going to kiss .
Two men work at a market .
There is a person skateboarding .
people excercise on court
Humans in orange
A woman wears a plaid jacket as she stands near children sitting at a table .
The batsman is on a different team than the others around the pitching mound .
A man covered in paint takes a photo .
A man wearing only a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the sidewalk
Two girls playing a game .
A group of Asians record a video .
A woman holds a little girl .
There are animals outdoors .
A little girl is standing outside .
A man is walking outside .
The boy and his father making the post look better .
The dog is jumping over pillows .
the lady is talking on her phne
A man is wearing a mask
There are people making music .
The dog is going to catch a frisbee .
A woman is playing drums and speaking at the same time .
There are people at a lacrosse game .
A dog is going for a walk .
3 girls are resting
A small child is walking on a road
Something happened that just surprised a woman .
A dog is playing in the grass .
Two men are in the living room .
The jackets being worn are red .
Some men wearing jackets are looking out over the water and one has earphones in .
A person standing near a building .
Young people and a kid are walking in the forest .
Young people and a kid are walking on a sunny day .
Two men are shocked by what they see .
The children are playing on a slide .
A human is standing between two large objects .
two girls running
Teenagers are hiking in the cold .
There 's a performance group doing something together .
children laugh
A child is playing .
A soccer game is being played .
the ref watches the two men in the scrimmage game
Workers preparing for a catered event , with several condiments lining the food table .
There is a hole in the yard .
A man is break dancing at a school
A child is doing gymnastics .
A talented child sings into a mic and plays an instrument .
A man and a woman are playing in the snow outside .
A man and a woman are jumping in the snow .
A woman in her vegetable market .
One of the females is a smoker .
The surfer is surfing .
A surfer catching a swell .
The basement has a man in it .
A man is jumping over some rocks near the mountains .
A woman cleans up near a ladder
The girl is not standing still .
A person is standing upright .
A person walking on the street outside .
A man breakdances while someone watches .
There are people who are about to eat .
People are playing sports outside .
The men are fishing .
The collie is standing in the sand .
Several people sitting in a boat .
dog is jumping over a pole
A baseball player is swinging a bat .
A little child sits quietly on a hand built rock wall in autumn
A man is singing a song .
A person with hair
A man and woman are outside in the snow .
A band is playing music on a stage .
People in costumes
men are dressed up
A person is near a river
Two mean are wearing clothes and walking
There is one female
They are musicans
A group of people posing in front of a body of water .
People are in a religious setting .
A wet dog is outside .
The teen is laying down in a mess .
They are playing ping pong .
Person with an orange bandanna is playing the flute .
People show their appreciation for another .
A person rides a snowboard .
A person is working .
A girl is bouncing around .
A woman with wood in her hand is standing with a smile on her face .
The young boy is smiling .
A small group of people are eating and drinking together .
A man is eating lunch .
A man is holding a banana .
A red shirt as attire .
Women are outside .
A young African child carrying a bag .
Many people populate the city .
A person is entertaining herself .
Two boys look on as a married couple get their pictures taken .
A man is sitting and strumming a guitar .
A long haired man is practicing to talk into a microphone as though he is on stage .
A man with long hair is acting like he is on a stage and is talking into a microphone .
The elaborately dressed woman stands around with her riches
A person fell off their bike .
There are three people talking .
a woman holding a child
A child is going for a ride on that man .
A child is riding on a mans shuolders .
A male is surrounded with other human beings having a large snake around his chest .
A person outside .
A group of people wait outside a bus stop .
A woman is holding a leash on her dog .
A woman is holding a leash on a dog .
She has a conversation on her phone outdoors
Someone is sitting in front of a computer .
The room has a camera in it .
The older gentlemen are outside .
they are outside
A man sits and smokes outside .
a man with glasses
A group of people are in a room .
A man in an orange hat walks his bike down a street .
The woman is working on papers .
A little boy wants a dirty rugby ball
A soccer player tries to get an interception .
A soccer player gets the interception .
There is a woman under fluorescent lights .
A male has a device near his mouth .
The photographer is taking a picture .
People watch a child play .
Two guys help a girl with her harness .
A skier skis .
A person is getting out of an SUV .
A man with no shirt holds a stick .
The boy is outside .
The young boy is watching a man perform .
A woman is outdoors
A guy is fixing the roof .
Two girls are taking pictures outside .
Two people are racing .
Their faces convey their feelings .
A child is thrown by a man in the pool .
Men sit .
Water is nearby .
A woman is preparing food for a child .
The child practices guitar indoors
A man rides a bike .
Two men are wearing jeans for a jean advertisement .
Two men are wearing jeans .
The two dogs are having a brawl .
A group of kids reading
A person walking down a street with snow scattered about .
2 people are at a table
The man is doing something by the water .
A woman standing at a microphone
There are girls on a trampoline .
A girl is expelling air .
Kid showing the heavy metal hand sign .
A lady is taking a picture
A man is holding fluffy sweets .
Two men playing basketball .
A boat is in the water .
A boy holds onto a post .
A kid riding his bike down the street .
A boy has a yellow bike .
Two cars participate in a car race .
a gymnast has her leg straight up in the air .
A younger gymnast , wearing dark blue and white , has her right leg straight in the air .
A boy is touching a door .
a person pushing a shopping cart .
a biy pushing a shopping cart .
A man is with his boat .
The engineer had purple gloves .
Along a paved walkway outdoors , a person in a black windbreaker takes a picture of a fish statue while a small white dog looks on .
A person takes a photo .
Two men talk to each other .
There are people seated .
A boy is learning how to ride his bike .
Men are laughing together on a nice day .
A woman in a office
A person with hair
Two people are near water .
A girl is in black pants .
A girl is dancing .
A person in a hat
There are people at the beach .
A band is assembled .
There are people playing music .
A man is putting a sign in the window .
Two canines are having fun .
The woman was talking on the phone .
A man holding a cigarette .
A cart is on a city street .
The shirt is blue
A person outside .
The boats are on the water .
Some men are standing on a carpet .
A baby is getting a bath .
A man is at an airport .
Three humans standing .
The child is sitting
People are on a sidewalk .
A couple are at the park .
The constructon worker is on the building
The construction worker is standing .
The child is having a good time and cracking up .
The man is near the grill .
a man raises his forearms
A young person appears bored in a restaurant .
A man and a woman sharing a kiss on the cheek .
Children writing in notebooks while one stands next to them .
A man is outside .
A woman wearing a swimsuit .
A person is climbing a steep cliff .
A brown dog plays in snow
A dog is outdoors .
Both women are drinking coffee outside .
The young Asian girl is outside in the rubble .
A girl has some candy .
A person in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane .
A group of people eating and drinking .
A man is yelling .
man and woman sitting near a statue
A child poses for the camera with their mother .
The woman and child take a picture together .
The blanket is white .
A young boy swings
A young girl is in the middle of jumping during her dance routine .
A young girl is dancing .
A man is pouring a glass of tea .
A girl is on a fence .
Some old people perform onstage .
Two people stand lost in thought in front of a tree .
There are people in a restaurant .
An athelete jumps .
A couple is sitting down and smiling at each other .
A couple is sitting down and smiling .
A person floating
A man lying in the grass holding on to a ball .
a girl is sitting
Man photographs skier performing a trick .
woman carrying a child
The men are wearing several different coloured shits .
The woman is carrying a basket down the street .
Two dogs fighting over a piece of fabric
There is fruit present .
A person is consuming food .
People talking and drinking while sitting at a table outside .
A homeless man begs .
The man is working in the snow .
A man is speaking .
A man is afloat .
A man sits in a floating raft by some boats .
The stand selling produce is in a street market .
A dog is looking up .
The dog is chained to a chair .
A woman looks at a map outdoors , a river and boats are behind her .
The man protests .
A person in a uniform
There are at least two dogs .
There are boys in the gym .
The boys in their track jackets in the gym stretch their legs .
Wearing their track jackets , the boys form a circle and stretch their legs in the gym .
A group of boys are preparing to work out .
A group of musicians playing
A group of musicians
The woman is near her dog .
Two men dressing in different types of clothing are comparing their bike and moped .
Men look at their bikes .
Two boys are moving at high speed .
A man is holding literature .
man walks past women
A woman wears glasses .
A man talks to a woman .
Group of people with a dog nearby are outside .
I kid is lying down on the train .
A person is near water
A woman is finishing a race .
Two men shining shoes .
A man is at a yard sale
The young man is standing .
A man is holding a bike up
Some men are polishing shoes .
A girl is outside in the snow .
Octogenarians admiring the old photographs that decorated th wall .
A man is outside
The skater jumped high over the steps .
2 male humans are outside with a hat on .
A man is looks behind his shoulder to laugh .
A woman happily stands by a bussiness showing a closed sign and looks very colorful .
A woman is singing .
An animal is walking .
a women is holding a mans bicep
People stand in front of a display
The man is holding a drink .
Pedestrians wait for the tram to pass before crossing the street .
a woman and a baby watching
A woman reading a book while sitting on a bench .
The clown has fallen off the horse .
A man is yelling at a camera .
A group of Chinese people are hanging out on a porch .
A child on a beach .
There are two people and two motorbikes in this picture .
A man falls down onto his bed
A man falls down onto a bed
Two girls are in a race .
A woman is walking .
Two people are near each other .
They walk along carrying a bounty of food
Two people sit on bleachers
A crew is working .
There are people outside .
The two me are wearing black jackets
An elderly woman is shown outside .
A human in motion .
The person holds a sign .
A man has two dogs playing .
There is a sculture
Child getting pedicure .
A person with hair
A basket weaving instructor at the fair .
A man sits in a purple chair .
Young men are talking
a child swings
a group of men playing sports in the sand .
It is a sunny day .
A girl is wearing a dress .
A toddler is outside .
A fire performer performing before a crowd .
A man secures surfboards on his car .
A woman is using small cutting utensils on a large net .
Two men are talking .
There is a celebration going on
Three people are standing inside a house near each other .
Smiling at the camera the two women wore red
There is someone attempting to jump .
A long jumper is jumping a hurdle .
A man and women shopping
The girl is holding a flower
There is a person talking on the phone .
The three people are posing at the mountain .
A child is moving swiftly toward a body of water .
THE RIVERBANK WAS PLAYED ON BY NUDITY OF KIDS
A man is fishing .
A person is enjoying the scenery .
A man is wearing a cowboy hat .
There is crowd .
The stormtrooper is being photographed .
A police officer and his motorbike .
Two young girls are standing under a fountain of water .
A man drinking with others
fooling around in the bathroom
A lady is lying in bed .
A human in snow .
There are three boys standing .
the guy in funky clothes is on the bench
The man is outdoors with his briefcase .
A person is napping .
The party-goers are perusing the buffet .
The girl is talking to someone while opening a drink .
A group of men are talking to each other .
a woman is outside
The woman is about to open the package .
The woman is smiling at a package .
a man and girl swim
A man 's glasses fall off .
A car door has not been shut
a man is walking
A snowboarder is riding along a metal railing while wearing a green hat .
The players vigarously compete in their game .
The bridesmaids are assisting the bride .
A woman is being recorded by a man .
A little boy is wet outside .
The firefighers are ready to fight a fire .
A girl and a butterfly
A human being is in a kitchen with meat in front of him .
There are people indoors .
the gymnast is a woman
a gymanst performing
A gymnast is completing her jump .
The person wearing a blue shirt is chiseling on a brick pillar .
Some dough being cut by a man and woman .
A young boy wears sandals .
An animal is making contact with a toy .
A couple walks outdoors together .
A construction worker is looking at a car .
A man next to a tree .
A man pushes a redwood tree in the forest .
A man wears a white shirt .
People are trying to warm up .
A yellow dog is running outdoors .
A man is standing with two kids .
The man brings two little boys with him to buy something from a woman .
A police officer is moving his mouth .
girl plays swing
A group of women dance .
a man wearing headphones working on a sculpture
The man is sculpting a piece of art .
A man is wearing black .
A man has damaged something .
A kid in a helmet rides a bike with training wheels .
A boy happily watches a man jumping on a stage .
The man and woman who are talking are both wearing black pants .
A young gal in snug pants chats with a guy in the road .
A man is about to ride in a canoe .
Women are eating
The woman is holding an instrument .
People are digging up the earth
a man standing in front of a van
Two people are near a Sonoma store .
There is a group of brides .
Two people are kissing .
A baby eating cake messily .
A woman looking at the camera .
Two workers are preforming their jobs .
A man in a white shirt is making a speech in front of a crowd .
people are standing in line at a concert
girls can stand
The people are taking a carriage ride .
Two teams are playing a sport .
People are descending in a tunnel .
A gymnast is performing a routine on the bars .
A man wearing a coat .
The children are playing .
A squirrel sits in the grass .
Three men bother a bull as people watch .
A girl in gray smiles as she brushes her teeth .
A person standing
A boy with a toy
There are at least 2 people .
The man is getting his picture taken .
A man is in a building cleaning .
the dog is jumping .
Two martial artists demonstrate moves for the audience .
Paper is being held up to a camera .
He takes a photo of the piece of paper .
A man is walking across an intersection .
The man on a bike was rude to the photographer .
there is a buss in this picture
A man is in a building .
A dog is in the kitchen with an woman .
Woman views paintings with two girls at her feet .
There are men working on a building .
A group of men talking .
The woman is standing around waiting .
the girl is little
Two people , one with a hat , can see baseball from where they are .
People are seated at tables .
Scientists are working on a cure
There are men using scientific instruments .
A mountaineer is standing on a mountain .
The truck that the woman in blue is standing next to could really use a good cleaning , as it 's surrounded in mud .
Women walks through the rain
The man is bald .
Woman adjusts her glasses .
A happy man is picking up a pear .
A man is pushing a hand truck .
A boy is with a ball .
A couple holds hands on the shore .
The men are on the beach .
A young smiling girl is holding a stuffed animal in one hand
A young smiling girl is holding a cute stuffed animal in one hand
The man is outdoors and with animals .
there are people wrestling
There are multiple people present .
There is a man working .
A man on a stretcher .
There are children outside .
three kids on a swing set
a man is going to kick another man
A human is looking at plants .
two people sit together
A man and woman show off their baby .
A crowd of people gathers in a street n winter time .
The three young children are outside .
There are people in the fountain .
A person in a shirt
A man is carrying a bag .
Men are getting wet with the rain .
Three men find something funny .
A woman covers part of her face .
There are people outside .
some kids play in some foam
The crowd is admiring the person water-skiing .
A man and woman look at their hands in front of a building
The dog is white .
A dog is on the beach .
There is a street .
A man is preparing to strike a golf ball .
People are biking outdoors .
The person is outside .
They are walking their dog .
A man is wearing a white shirt
babies are asleep
Three men playing soccer .
a man digs to see what he can find .
The clown is at a children 's school .
A woman is being fitted .
A guy stands next to a trashcan .
A young woman skateboards on an outdoor basketball court .
a man walking dogs
The girl with the dark hair is running in the sand .
A couple people are doing activities on a nice day in a boat .
people are wearing sandals
they are going for a walk
There is a basketball game .
A lady in black leather trench coat , with matching black leather boots walks away from the camera in her front with her bag strapped to her shoulders
Birds flying above a body of water .
This person is in the ocean .
Food and wine are on the table that has many people surrounding it .
A red shirted batter hits the pitch .
Two men are in a shopping mall .
Some people in conversation while sitting at a bar .
Two men in conversation .
Two men fix a bicycle .
Two men fix their bicycle .
A man is resting in a stream
A person in a uniform
A boy is playing with toys .
Two men are walking .
A man is sleeping outside .
A man was swimming in the pool .
Automobiles and humans are outside the hotel .
A boy pitches the ball .
The two men are carrying a canoe
The women are speaking to each other .
A woman is outside .
Two girls are playing and having a fight on the snow
Two girls are playing
Two people are making noises .
Two people are laughing .
The water flies off of the dog
Some people are holding up signs of protest in the street .
The man sketched on paper .
A kayak is being ridden .
There are two men with food .
A person in a shirt
two ladies nap on a bench
A person outside
A person standing
A male reads a book while seated on a bench .
A woman is making a phone call in an office environment .
The bird is touching the water
A woman is pointing her camera upwards , while standing at a wall .
Two men are on a boat .
An old woman and young man are playing bingo .
There are people surrounding each other .
A truck with a ramp attached .
A boy is playing a game .
Two older men walk down a defaced street
A person has lost it by laying down in a busy street while there is bad traffic .
Some people are having their photo taken .
Men working in a factory .
cowboy competing in a rodeo
cowboy riding his horse
There is a man on skis .
A ball is kicked while players mingle .
A kid draws a picture of a girl
A kid paints a picture
A person riding a bike outside .
A lady has her arms full
There is a bride and groom behind the little boy .
A blue jacketed boy is skating down the street .
A man is fishing .
The two soccer players run around chasing each other
A man wearing green kicks a soccer ball while a man wearing a purple and white outfit falls down .
A man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands
A man and a woman are standing
The girl is gardening .
The girl is destroying plant life .
The girl is outside .
People are looking at water .
A group of cute Asian children are playing tambourines
A group of cute Asian children are beating on tambourines
The family is outside .
Two young friends play with ducks
Young kids play with animals
A squirrel is situated in an upright position near the road .
A little girl is outside .
A little girl is wearing a dress .
There is a group near a store .
Two people fighting each other
Two men are by the river
A man is having a conversation with his friend while fishing .
The man and woman are having a good time .
There are people outdoors .
A boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is about to hit a tennis ball with his racket .
A group of women are dressed alike .
The cheerleaders are getting their picture taken .
There is a group of women a the deli .
A women and little girl are looking at something .
A man skis in the wilderness
A photographer is taking photos of a hockey game
A photographer is taking many photos of a hockey game
there are dogs with muzzles
A crowd sees flames .
A crowd feels the warmth of a bonfire .
People are at a table eating food .
A boy is playing guitar .
The sports fans are wearing a certain color .
The sports fans are wearing orange shirts .
Child watches woman playing with equipment .
a man talking to a crowd
The teenager is seated .
There is a girl on the sand .
There is someone sleeping on the couch .
A man is being carried by birds .
A man plays an instruement with his eyes closed
A happy woman is holding rope .
A man adjusts his tie looking at a laptop
A man adjusts his new tie in front of a laptop
Three boys hold baseball gloves .
Three boys are holding gloves .
Two workers are climbing a building .
Two people climb up a structure
Two men are tending to the garden .
A group of kids poked at the two small turtles .
A group of kids were playing in the grass .
The children are playing with turtles .
A woman is in the store .
A woman is painted green while holding a hula hoop .
Women perform .
People are nearby .
Tennis player is playing tennis .
Three dogs run .
Two girls kneel together on the ground .
A drunk looking couple embracing .
Several people are standing outside near water .
A man tries to tackle a player in a game of football .
Two people stand on a median with advertising signs .
A person is hanging sausages in a market .
The people are dressed in business clothing .
The man is playing music outdoors .
A woman clicking on a mouse on a desk .
The person is walking outside .
Lady digs through garbage
A man and woman are in a metropolitan area .
A black woman is handling printed material .
A member of the army walks a German Shepard .
Cars and tents are at the foot of the mountain .
For boys are flexing
A firefighter is about to put out a fire .
a man rides a bike
A boy and his father speak to Santa Claus
A man is getting gas for his car while he talks on his cellphone .
Outdoor daytime scene with two workers in safety gear working on scaffolding .
a little boy is eating cake
a boy is eating cake
a child has chocolate all over his hand
a child eats food with his hands
He is working in a potentially dangerous field that requires a hard hat .
Books are strewn on a table as women look through them .
Turtles are crawling in the green grass .
Turtles are crawling in the white grass .
A child blocks a goal .
Four people sitting by the water .
A long haired guy is working with sand .
A sports team is in a gym .
A woman is fidgeting .
The woman in a red dress is outdoors .
Two girls grin into the camera .
There is more than one woman in the group .
A lady is walking down a street .
A couple of children are wearing pajamas .
A woman is talking on her phone and walking down a sidewalk .
A female is outdoors at a bazaar .
The man is being given respect .
There is a building .
A street performer and young boy are entertaining passersby .
Some motorcycles wearing black outside .
Few motorcycles in black .
A person sweeps .
Men are reading and milling about .
An Asian couple are together .
Two friends are laughing .
Two people are happy .
A man is reading on a bench outside of a store .
People are buying things .
A man without a shirt
a individual on a table holds a water near a stroller
There is a lady with an orange scarf , brown boots , and brown jacket on the train listening to music .
A yellow car is driving in the snow in the winter .
That man is on a surfboard .
The man is surfing outdoors .
A crowd of people stand in the street .
Four people outdoor .
The outdoor street event has attracted many people .
Vehicles are going down a street in Thailand .
Vehicles are moving .
The old lady was walking up the stairs .
The man is outside .
Group of teens are doing laundry .
A child plays in the snow while dressed in warm winter clothes .
An older man in clothing accessories is cradaling an infant who is wrapped in a towel .
The man is in costume
A girl is climbing up a ladder .
A group of people are sitting with a dog .
The horse has four legs
A skateboarder is jumping .
A man has hair on his face .
A farmer works on their farm .
A guy is doing snowboard tricks
A guy is outside in the snow
A big group marches around .
An old man looming some threads .
A group of women looking at laptops together .
Women are shopping for computers at a large store .
A dad and his child are eating apple pie .
A dad is with his child .
A child is holding something orange .
The man wearing a hat is seated , slightly elevated , facing the water .
A dog stands in the water .
A group of people are watching something and one takes a picture .
A woman wears lingerie .
Two women do n't wear much clothing .
There are two children in this picture .
Children playing outside .
A dog mouth holds a retrieved ball .
A orange uniform basketball player with ball is guarded by , a blue uniform opponent team player
A couple is wearing bright outfits .
A young woman reads near the ocean .
Two dogs play .
The man works with a tattoo business .
People are looking at art
Someone is cheering for a presidential candidate .
A man is wearing a suit .
The man is looking at his face .
People watching sports .
There are people in a sports center .
A cyclist rides down a road
An Asian shows computers .
A dog is mid-air , jumping to catch a tennis ball .
Multiple people talk to each other .
The man is examining a machine .
Dog runs outside .
A man is standing in front of flowers .
A bunch of people are playing a game .
Uniformed people are observing a scene
Uniformed people are outside
A man is looking through a microscope
the your boy is excercizing .
A woman puts candy away
A man and a woman are performing a song together .
The men are playing basketball with no audience .
A man walking through a transit station .
A man is working on art .
Two girls eating cupcakes .
There is a person driving .
The dogs are racing down the track .
The two guys were working outside .
Six people are in a dessert .
Two people are drumming .
A woman near a table .
The man is standing on a truck .
A person is on a bike .
dogs carrying a big log in a meadow .
Two men are working .
People fixing a building
a man on stilts performs a trick for an audience .
A line of people at an ATM .
A redheaded woman laughs at something .
A man and women sleeping together outside on a park bench .
A couple asleep on a bench outside .
A young boy gets his photo taken .
A person is covering their face and hair .
one lady looks at a box while another looks at her phone
The men are playing frisbee .
There is at least one person .
There are men at the helicopter .
Children competing in a relay race .
A team of youths race to finish first in a relay race on a beach .
A car drives on a street .
People are playing basketball .
A basketball player in red is trying to grab the ball from a player in white .
a man takes a picture
A woman is standing next to a flower pot .
People move around outside .
A kid swims in water .
A man is hiking .
A dog is running to catch a colorful ball
A dog next to a window
The man playing a game .
a person walking in a tunnel
A kid climbing some logs
A dog is jumping .
A person taking a photo .
A little girl is in a field .
A person in the water .
A man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air
A man is happily celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air
A person is at a podium .
The man is walking down the street .
Two people eating together .
The woman is wearing a blue shirt .
A person is drinking coffee .
this guy is wearing a racing uniform while holding a bottle
A woman is cooking .
A boy and a girl are playing .
There is a man standing outside of a theater .
A man is outdoors .
A man wearing a costume
There is a guy holding a football .
Two girls are walking together .
Somebody is riding a bike outside .
A man with a red beard and mustache .
There are women outside in this picture
A referee watching a game .
The group is skiing .
A beautiful sunset shows the shapes of four figures silhouetted against it 's backdrop
Girls are making posters .
A man scribbles indoors .
There is a teenager playing golf in a field .
A woman and a man walk down the street .
A kid is outside looking into the water .
a guy with a basketball
The men are outside
A young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress lined with red flowers talking on her cellphone as she walks down the street sidewalk outside .
a woman is holding a sign
A boy is running outside .
A boy is running .
A blonde girl is playing .
A blonde child is playing .
people play cards
white outfit women playing tennis
Four children are dancing around a pole .
A bunch of young kids play a game that requires them to run around a pole .
There are kids outside playing
A construction team working in a subway station .
A man is riding a skateboard
people play baseball
Two children together .
There is a man on a boat .
Workers filling orders at basking robbins
Workers busy in handling orders
A man with a duffel bag walks with agirl pushing a cart down the street .
The man is wearing brown .
A woman in white hands something to a woman in blue .
A woman is walking down the street of shops .
Two people kissing .
A man pushing away another man on the soccer field .
A woman is taking a picture in cold weather .
a uniformed group carry signs written in Chinese
Crowd has gathered to celebrate and watch a parade
The lady is riding a bike .
Dancers are performing on stage barefoot .
The man is holding a pencil .
People are taking things from rocks .
The young people are outdoors .
men at the center of a clearing
There are people riding the bus
A young kid is drinking out of a cup .
The man has shorts on .
The man poses with a yellow flower .
The man stands before the camera outside .
There is one child in this picture , and he is outside .
A boy near an item .
A boy is sitting down .
A guy is riding the bus .
People are eating food .
A large group going out
Two women are jogging by the beach .
The young boy is outside .
Two women are outdoors .
Two ladies are wearing swimsuits .
The man walks among trees .
A runner with a convoy of motorcycles
A person is bowling .
A man is shining some shoes .
The policeman is sitting .
A man is wearing a uniform .
There is a fire being fought .
A man has black hair .
A man with thinning hair .
A painter copying masterpieces in a museum .
A person is crafting a replica of another 's creation .
The man is outside .
A woman wearing sunglasses is not smiling .
a bunch of guys in colorful clothes stand together
They are in a gym
Four kids are wearing hats with streamers .
A man standing in front of a vehicle .
A worker standing in front of his truck which has writing on it .
Two kids are sitting next to each other .
he is running against a group of people
A human is surrounded .
A girl checks her phone on a boat .
he looks through the microscope
A crowd relaxes in front of a large red building .
Three people with instruments .
A woman is lying in the grass .
A boy lays down in front of a tent
A guy is transporting a tent .
A young girl putting confetti in a lady 's hair .
A man in a blue shirt stands by a grill .
A man is pointing into the ear and wearing a light striped shirt .
A man is pointing into the ear and wearing a striped shirt .
A boy is outside running .
A firefighter going up a ladder .
Two men are standing in front of a large vehicle .
The man has shorts but no shoes .
The man in shorts is not wearing footwear .
Horse rider in traditional wear , ride horse with ceremonial wear and accessories
The rider and horse are covered in gear .
A traditionally dressed horse and rider at a parade .
The woman is in the bathroom
The woman is getting ready
The woman is wearing black
A little dog chases a ball .
A young man is walking .
Two people are near each other .
A boy is outside
There are people at a table .
A man making designs in the dirt outside .
A person is strolling with a bag .
a woman carries children
A white dog runs on a dirt path .
A dog runs on a path .
A woman climbing down a tree .
A woman with red hair .
A woman is moving .
The man is outside .
A worker is outside .
A woman is outside .
The person is snowboarding .
A man walks down the sidewalk wearing headphones .
A person walking outside .
A man walks down the sidewalk listening to music through headphones .
A dog runs outside .
A man can see mountains from where he stands .
There is a group of people present .
Several men are gathered .
People are outdoors .
A smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a cellphone .
A girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone .
The man is on the rock .
People at a rodeo .
The children are at the ocean with their dog .
A group of people on the street .
Two people are walking down an alley .
A woman is standing at a lectern .
An older looking couple are holding hands as the walk past a restaurant outside .
A man is eating .
people on boat
There are 3 people in the picture .
A man talks .
A couple of women are in the hot tub .
A man tossing a child into the air .
Phone to her ear , a woman bends forward
A woman is using a phone
A girl is wearing orange .
A man is wearing a blue shirt .
Three men are outside .
There is a happy lady with colorful clothing
Suv travelling through mud
People are walking on a wet street .
Two men sawing wood .
The people are standing outside .
There are three soccer players .
The players are all trying to get the ball from the opposing team .
A child sits in a tree .
There are customers at a cafe ordering food .
The mom and boy are at an amusement park .
A gentleman wearing an orange hat has a ball .
Two women are petting a kangaroo
A girl blows a kiss as another girl sees it .
Faces are being made to the camera .
There is a large group .
Two people are having an intimate moment while another avoids looking at them .
Two guys talking in matching shirts .
A matching couple get wet .
The man has a playing card in his hand .
There is a dog outside .
A woman has a blue shirt
Some of the people in the picture are at least fairly athletic .
A person wearing a sweating in a street
A person on a phone is outdoors
people are hanging outside with their bicycles on the grass .
There are men outdoors .
A woman stands on a slope .
A girl in uniform is swinging .
A man is down beside a motorcycle .
A man is moving quickly through the snow .
A man is wearing a apron
A man is getting a hair cut .
A boy is outside
People in beach attire
Five girls are playing together .
A young woman dressed in white works in a very good kitchen
Two kids wait for their mom to finish her hair appointment .
Two people look out a window .
Two wrestlers are in a match .
People are waiting .
a dog is wet
The dress is white .
Two men talking in a bar .
A child laughs as her hair sticks up .
A young infant is wearing pajamas .
The boy is looking at another boy .
a man takes a picture of two men in a crowd .
a man takes a picture of another people in a crowd .
There is a child and two animals .
Boys playing .
A man wearing a blue shirt and white pants
A human standing
Two dogs are outside .
Two dogs are playing on a beach .
There is a group of people on the beach .
A man holds a football .
There is an animal biting a broom .
Two men practicing martial arts .
a woman holding a scruffy dog
a woman holding her scruffy dog
There is a computer with people seated nearby and a woman standing nearby them inside Winter Sport , which is a store with a bike next to it .
The men having hats on their head .
The people are indoors .
A man is wearing a clever shirt .
A man is wearing a hat .
Three young women are performing in front of a big audience .
A woman sits on a ledge
A group of people are standing in front of a building .
There is an animal standing outdoors .
A boy wearing a goofy hat is sledding by himself .
The man is not wearing a shirt .
The children are watching the man blow up balloons
The children watch the man make dogs and giraffes out of balloons
A man is being creative in front of the crowd .
A boy is pushing a shopping cart
A boy is on the swing set .
The boy is wearing a backpack .
A woman is sitting outside .
The raft has people in it .
A nicely dressed woman is sitting in the park .
There are two boats on a river .
The band consists of a trio of musicians
People are posing for a picture .
Two men are ready to have their picture taken .
A woman in outdoor clothes is hiking .
A man is holding a tattoo sign .
A woman is in a tan nun uniform .
A person throws a toy for a dog .
A dog is looking for a toy .
People play a game .
A couple posing for the camera .
A man and woman wearing sunglasses .
A human not wearing any clothes is in a room .
A school is being worked on .
An upset little girl is throwing a tantrum .
The child is playing .
The baby and the cat are in the same room
A dog is in the snow .
There is a boy in the water .
A firefighter is holding a fire hose with water comping out .
A child is playing in the snow .
A lady wearing gray speaks to a lady in black .
Some men are by water .
Two men are out boating .
The boy is running towards a bigger group of people .
A man walks through a doorway .
A kid is wearing colorful clothing .
Canines traverse a sealed expanse .
Elderly women are resting near flowers
A man wears a helmet .
A person is sitting .
A couple opens a new appliance together
Two people are near some other people .
A dog is jumping .
The man is outdoors .
A street performer is acting out a scene .
A man is reading a newspaper .
People watch a man jog .
A man is running by people who are watching .
A woman is on a bike .
The crowd watches him
A guy is looking over the side of a building with someone else .
Girls are jumping .
Two young girls are jumping outside .
The man is cleaning off his car .
People near a lot of reading materials .
Four women are walking in the city .
The dog enjoys the snow .
People cooking
The dog has a ball .
There is a dog with a ball outside .
A man is surfing .
An animal jumps as a male falls .
The people are indoors .
A small child dressed for winter stares across a floating lake while leaning on a mesh fence
A small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence
A small child dressed for winter stares across a large lake while leaning on a mesh fence
Wrestlers are participating in a match .
a man walks near a police sign
A person is thrown into the air by a bungee-jumping ride
The Asian man is a performer .
An old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him .
Dogs are digging a hole .
Two dogs are digging under a rock .
There is a furry animal in the grass .
Someone is flying through the sky
A man is riding a tiny train and sees another man on a different train .
Four people are walking along a mountain trail .
There are people outside the hotel .
A woman was indoors before walking outside .
A man is using a camera .
A small animal is trying to get some plant life .
There is an animal outdoors .
A man is working .
A raven haired woman is seen by the crowd holding a white opened umbrella .
A group of people are playing basketball .
People are busy .
A woman is talking .
A red bus making a turn
There are clouds in the sky .
People are rallying .
People are standing in a street .
the old lady looks into the mirror at the makeup table
a number of young people run on a beach
a singer in a pea coat
A man chokes a woman
A girl in a wheelchair .
An older man , probably a blacksmith , is welding a tool , seen by the red hot scorching look of it .
A probable blacksmith is welding a tool .
Two men display a sign to the camera .
A man is hitting a golf ball .
There is a man wearing cloths .
A person is outside near some water .
A dog can jump .
The men are playing soccer .
A woman is standing in front of a well decorated bus .
The woman hits a ball .
A girl is riding in a toy car .
A man is standing .
A kid is on the swing .
The man 's performance was outside of a house .
a dog chases a boy
Man sitting near table in a fabric-draped room .
A person with a tattoo
There is a person in a room .
girls jumps off swing
A group is walking .
Four people are standing up .
A man is near a toddler
Women photographing statues
Girl dressed in colorful swim gear .
A man is singing .
A worker uses a shovel .
The man is old
The men are in the woods .
A young girl is drawing on a chalkboard .
The woman is wearing shorts .
A person on a motorcycle .
An old woman is in the kitchen .
Two women are eating lollipops .
A guy is getting his hair trimmed .
There are men at the party .
A man and a couple of women take a walk .
A man and a pair of women are walking down a wooden path , with the man is pushing a young child in a three wheel carriage .
The girls are inside a school .
A older man with gray hair wearing a gray suit .
The men are using a phone .
a choir of kids are singing
Something that is shown in the shot is made of paper .
Two adults on a seesaw .
A person reads .
A man is holding the leash of a dog .
Young men are arguing .
A boy walks through the woods .
The men are outside .
A man takes a flower from a woman .
A couple interacts .
A little baby is wearing blue .
The girl is getting made up
A woman is on stage holding a microphone .
A woman is holding a cellphone .
a woman is sitting
A man with his outfit
Women are digging .
John McCain is on a talk show .
Traffic waits for people to cross the street .
Many people walk to the sidewalk .
A man in a coat takes a stroll outdoors .
Someone is taking a picture of a child .
a child is riding his bike
People are outside .
The couple standing by a statue are having their picture taken .
Three performers wear lace costumes .
A human is riding a vehicle .
Three people in nature .
A group of people walk down the street .
Two people are outside walking together .
Kids are splashing around in a fountain .
Kids are are standing in a fountain .
A person separates his upper and lower jaw .
The top is pink
Man jumps off cliff near city .
A young woman stands near a stove .
They are in the kitchen .
They are indoors .
A man is grilling .
There is snow outside
A human poking
The men are working on something .
Two females are holding sacks .
Two women are sitting down .
Hiking pace along rough terrain .
People are in an ethnic establishment
A man is talking outside on his phone .
a man talks to kids
A woman is looking at something to her right .
The person is playing rugby .
A human and an animal are outdoors .
The girl is giving the flowers some water .
Kid are allowed to attempt the assault course .
Fiesta time !
A woman is bowling .
Two people are looking at a car .
A woman sits on a rug next to a boy who is looking at a gameboard .
A large group of people are standing around .
A group of people are standing around .
A women walking outdoors .
There is a child on a sled .
A man is in a chair .
There are two men
A black dog found a ball in the water and is bring it back to its owner .
The black dog is swimming .
A young boy is honoring fallen veterans .
An acrobat is hanging upside down .
A group performs with instruments .
The boy has his face painted .
A boy is sitting on a log .
Two girls smile wearing sunglasses .
A man is holding a musical instrument .
The boy is sitting .
A person is surfing .
Two boys are surrounded by toys .
The male baseball player belongs to the Cleveland Indians .
A soldier using binoculars outside in the heat .
People are crossing a river .
A hot summer by the beach on the walkway .
A wooden path towards the shore .
a singer wearing a jacker performs on stage
A man enjoys his bike .
A person in appropriate institution protection works with meals .
An animal is biting a man .
A man is near a building labeled Lottery Ticket Centre .
A dog running down a road
A dog running down a leaf covered road carrying a ball in it 's mouth
A couple walks in front of a building .
A man is carrying a bag on his back .
Two boys in a boat
A bird is on a lake .
The person has a coat on .
The men felled the log in a snowy area .
A group of people are walking together
A person in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat .
The men are repairing the streets .
Three men are doing repairs .
a kid is at the hospital
Two people holding fencing swords
The boy is riding his board .
A person is on a bike .
There is a man and a woman .
A Dad and son is playing on the beach .
A man and a boy is playing on the beach .
Three children are in a forested area .
The mountain is bare .
a person is outside
A woman and two men are talking amongst themselves .
A man is out in public .
The adult is shopping for a gift .
People buy produce at a market .
People are shopping for many things at the market .
The workers are working infront of the house
The workers are standing on the ground
The male is a poet .
People are walking outside .
There are both people and animals in this picture .
The man is walking in a direction .
Race cars
A woman is with a couple of children
A child looks at the sky outside .
A woman in a dress cooks food .
Some animals outdoors .
A group of singers sings .
The woman looks weary .
A young boy wears a helmet while on a motorcycle .
A man is biking down a path .
A man is near the road .
An injured skier being taken for medical help
Three men help a skier
Young people play on scaffolding .
There is a woman outside .
Pebbles are being thrown into a body of water by two boys .
Two men working on the roof of an apartment building
A man is climbing a rope .
The people are wearing bandanas .
A girl is sitting in a tub with part of a snake .
A trolley making it 's way through a city .
A young woman is playing on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope .
A girl in front of a building .
Four people are walking
A man is near the ground .
A group are gathered near a vehicle .
The lady on the table is cutting her sandwhich
The woman is using a magnification device
Two men are outside .
Some of the people here have been in the armed forces .
The boy is at the beach .
The boy is swimming .
There is an animal outside .
A happy woman .
There are two women and two children .
Cheerleaders are performing .
A man is singing indoors .
A man and woman ride a mule
The women are wearing clothes
A woman is wearing glasses and a brown beanie .
A man is dancing .
A group of people are pulling suitcases .
A painter is sketching .
the woman is outdoors
A man is carrying a little girl off the ground .
A player makes a diving catch
A man performs for the public
Two people are watching a game .
Two young men are in a hurry .
The ladies are all seated .
Dogs playing together inside .
Kids eat at a table .
Kids sitting at a table .
A women observing a camera
A baseball player sliding into a base
A brown dog swims .
A woman protects her child from the sun as they walk to an upper level of a building .
The brick building had glass doors in front
A man is playing guitar
The floor is made of wood .
There are several people in this picture , and they are all inside .
A woman in a pink tank top holding a mug .
People are taking pictures .
Girls standing up against a wall .
a dog is yawning
A man relaxes on a bench
A woman is playing with her dog .
A girl helps a boy tie his shoes
A man with a girl playing .
Some kids pass other kids on a street .
A group of people buy food .
A dog is on the beach .
The people are in a city .
A woman is wearing only one shoe .
a man polishes a floor next to a can
a man polishes a floor
A woman is wearing a white shirt .
A person addresses a crowd .
Men are playing basketball .
A brown dog is walking outside
An animal is in water
The man is old
She answers questions while sitting at a table .
The skateboard is grinding .
Soccer players are trying to get the ball .
The girl is in contact with an insect .
there was a group of people present
There are animals outdoors .
The day is hot .
The cyclist rides on a public street .
people hanging outside by the water
The guy 's jacket is red .
A guy is wearing a red jacket .
A woman inspects a garment .
A man throwing a Frisbee .
A trio of humans is sitting .
some people are sitted
The rider is outdoors .
A group of children are on stage
A man is playing tennis .
Humans are outside meandering around .
Many toys strewn about on the floor .
people playing soccer
Two dogs are in the yard .
Two dogs are outside .
An elderly male is blowing air inyto an object
A street vendor is smiling at a camera .
A boy jumps in the air .
The canines run around in the forest .
The young Asian couple are walking together .
There are men outside
A boy is sitting at a train station .
The girl in wearing a bathing suit .
The man is printing a shirt .
A young lady is outside the train station
Hikers in the mountains .
The child is at the top of the slide .
The woman wearing the coat is relaxing .
The crowd cheers .
The white woman is using an ATM machine .
An animal is jumping .
Traffic is being directed by a road worker .
There are three children in this picture , and they are all outside .
man standing in front of case
man has a shirt on
a man falls from a bull
There is an animal outdoors .
A person in a robe sits on a couch
A woman is wearing a pair of sunglasses .
The robe is brown .
A person riding a large animal .
A snowboarder is dressed up .
A snowboarder is going snowboarding
A woman riding a bike .
A young girl flips an omelet .
The girl is near food .
The boy is on the field .
A man is working on a cart .
A boy dressed for summer in a tight green shirt and kahki shorts
A boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts
A boy alien dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts
A youth engages in athleticism .
A woman rests on the shoulder of a man
A baseball player playing in a game .
The boy has suspenders attached to his pants .
A dog plays in the winter .
The man is outside .
There are many people in this picture , and they are all outside .
A group of girls are outside .
A tree has a child stuck up in it .
The person is outdoors .
A person stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers .
a man and his camel
A man waits at a red light .
A group of officers are standing .
woman holds baby
woman holds her new baby
A mammal is running through the yard .
A dog is pulling a sled .
There are people at a market .
There are people walking .
A man is asleep
the woman is jumping
Guys are indoors .
A barber waits for business .
Two women stand in a kitchen .
Two women are doing dishes .
The man is next to the fence .
Some is staying afloat and moving in water .
A bird is perching in a tree .
A young man is sitting down .
Two girls are standing next to a girl who is sitting .
A woman in green opening a box while a half concealed man manipulates a handheld device .
Two people are outside with animals .
A couple is farming with their pet buffalo .
Some people with cameras are standing on a train track .
The strollers are moving .
People talking
Two people are outdoors .
The young girl is wearing a black leotard
Two men boxing .
Three humans together .
A man leans against a fence
Women wearing headscarves stand in a cobbled courtyard .
Two young children are whispering to each other .
There is a man in black outside on a busy sidewalk .
The girl has clothes on
a man plays a saxophone
The man is talking to someone .
The two women are taking care of a herd of animals
Man eating on a bench near a child .
The large black man is relaxing in the chair
Some men are gathered around a table .
A young male in a white shirt .
People are standing .
The attraction drew the attention of the tourists
The woman is walking away from the group .
The man knows how to play the guitar .
a boy looks in a case
This is a transportation station
The children are playing in the sand .
Four children are outdoors playing .
The dog is jumping .
A man sees something while in a park .
A person is snowboarding .
A man reaches into his laundry basket at the laundromat
A man reaches into a basket at a laundromat
the woman is standing
An emergency worker helps outdoors .
a guy in a red top and tie makes a speech
A lady walks down the street .
A person is holding two objects .
a man stands near some fruit
A woman is holding her cell phone .
The person is on a horse .
A group of people are watching a boy and and interviewer .
A man interviews a boy .
Two people are at a party .
Some people are doing something .
A lady has two dogs with her .
The tank has an opening .
A child is chasing an animal .
The young man is jumping against a wall .
A boy is watching a woman .
An older man is talking .
A boy is riding his bike outside .
There is snow on the ground in this picture .
A golden dog bounds across the snow-covered land form .
The woman is handing out information
A guy wearing a shirt and pants and a bandanna over his mouth starts a blaze going .
People are caring for their lawns
Two men are playing sports
A women 's soccer game .
Kids are playing in the water .
A woman rests on a bench in the day
There is a black bandana .
The man is outdoors .
Group of people waiting to cross the street .
Two boys have paper and another boy is grabbing a bag .
a man sitting outside near a van .
A person is playing a sport .
A guy is standing near a crowd of people .
The man is bowling .
A girl is by a parade .
Two men in dark clothing , one is reaching into a bag .
A girl plays guitar and sings on stage .
Someone is fixing a net .
Someone is preparing to catch fish .
A poor person in tattered clothes kneels by the trash filled body of water .
A woman is holding a tool .
A woman is posing for a photograph .
a woman in a scarf
A woman is wearing a black coat
a man at a restaurant
A group of people dance outdoors .
A man sits outside .
The boy started running .
A woman and a man are outside .
A girl is entertaining on stage
A soldier speaks into the microphone .
There are workers on the scaffolding .
People are outside .
A person and an animal are interacting out of doors .
two people do karate
two karate men sparring with sticks
The man holding the beer and beer glass manages to pull the green pieces from of his beard .
There is an animal in the water .
A gorup of girl is junping over each other .
A group of girl is playing .
There are two people near a bike .
A woman in restaurant
Humans working .
A man is wearing a hat .
A family is standing outside .
a boy drags a sled
A man with glasses and a disheveled outfit is playing a guitar and singing along with a drummer .
A girl dancing and photographer take a photo
Two girls are looking at something .
A man is speaking in a classroom .
