that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature
demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .
of saucy
are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films
the greatest musicians
with his usual intelligence and subtlety
swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .
equals the original and in some ways even betters it
if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .
a smile on your face
comes from the brave , uninhibited performances
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits
in world cinema
very good viewing alternative
on all cylinders
more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
heroes
sharply
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature
gorgeous and deceptively minimalist
cross swords with the best of them and
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .
a beautifully
to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room
starts with a legend
rich veins of funny stuff in this movie
is pretty damned funny .
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .
seem fresh
pays earnest homage to turntablists
film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
are an absolute joy
generates
, like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows
based on a true and historically significant story
well-rounded tribute
so much like a young robert deniro
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .
fashioning an engrossing entertainment out
spiffy animated feature
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
, generous and subversive artworks
it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
funny yet
it 's robert duvall !
rich and sudden wisdom
acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
in memory
respectable new one
hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
, this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal .
would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
hawaiian shirt
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
provide its keenest pleasures
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
very well-written and very well-acted .
bring tissues .
brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) .
as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
there 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
cinematic bon bons
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws
, it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
wide-awake all the way through
is effective if you stick with it
that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community
delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
realistic portrayal
well-thought stunts or
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .
a welcome relief
the promise of digital filmmaking
extraordinary faith
have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart
, sometimes beautiful adaptation
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .
most audacious , outrageous ,
at its best moments
that final , beautiful scene
some movies suck you in despite their flaws ,
eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights
, compelling
infectiously
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .
's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
a passable date film
imax in short
's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men
pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license
with color and depth , and rather a good time
silly , outrageous , ingenious
the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy
elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
a good one
speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be
enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
takes chances that are bold by studio standards
manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
enjoy the ride
if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers
poignant and leavened
breathless anticipation
significantly better
bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining
it 's smooth and professional
a technically superb film
the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
's at once laughable and compulsively watchable ,
merit its 103-minute length
the value and respect for the term epic cinema
showing honest emotions
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
to spare wildlife
traditionally structured
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
a stylish exercise
takes hold and grips hard
the picture 's fascinating byways
evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream
slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses ,
valuable messages
in no small part thanks to lau
elevated by it -- the kind of movie
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm
arrive early and stay late
is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest
considerable aplomb
acted by diane lane and richard gere .
an admittedly middling film
the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal
rich and full
warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for
, home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
, the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
added depth and resonance
the sensational
huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .
the cast is spot on and
can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
demands and receives excellent performances
xxx is a blast of adrenalin ,
pure escapism
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead ***
about love and culture
, 84 minutes is short
a masterpiece
a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
good acting
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting
's still quite worth seeing
intelligent and moving .
men
accomplish what few sequels can
exhilarating , funny and fun .
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
endearing , caring
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker
see this
has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ...
you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her
a deceptively casual ode
help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact
you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride
true fans
quite rich and exciting
luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
, you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
a showdown
greatly
free
intriguing species
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv
watching it leaves you giddy
beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
outrageously creative action
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings
for a story
in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic
right stuff
the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
high-concept films
invigorating , surreal , and resonant
the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
have a passion for the material
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .
romanticized rendering
is terrific as rachel
with awe
joyous romp of a film .
a nonstop hoot
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation
exciting and
and in the best way
of our most flamboyant female comics
squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
this film special
of the amazing spider-man
acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
terrific , sweaty-palmed fun
very funny joke
complex story
be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen
ca n't miss it
dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
of the best short story writing
`` auto focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem
could easily be called the best korean film of 2002
largest-ever historical canvas
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
oh-so-important
's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
deserve a passing grade
you 're gon na like this movie .
weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
felt performances across the board .
has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive
casual and fun
the film 's intimate camera work
crackles
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters
high drama , disney-style
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .
, good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
oozing , chilling and heart-warming
filming the teeming life on the reefs
quite endearing .
things will turn out okay
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural
grand
good-natured fun found in films like tremors
betters it
transfixes the audience
moving and important
dope
an avid interest
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances
true star
is haunting ... ( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction
that 's both charming and well acted
the guy-in-a-dress genre
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo .
riveting and
an inuit masterpiece
oscar
provide much more insight
what you wish for
fluid and mesmerizing
... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
it 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children .
one carried by a strong sense of humanism
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .
directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
funny , triumphant ,
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem
of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
worth a
enthralling
of quirky characters and an engaging story
making kahlo 's art a living ,
many pleasures
is worth searching out
balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
decent performance
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .
movie love
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type --
the perfect movie
oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time
give you enough to feel good about
unexpectedly insightful
allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
is an extraordinary film , not least
with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects
provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
again dazzle and delight us
that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes
aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was .
laughed at
intelligence or invention
shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth --
unique directing style
hip hop beat
funniest and
starts off witty and sophisticated and you
, but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished
taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
lead a group of talented friends astray
this gentle , mesmerizing portrait
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout ,
draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
handles it in the most unexpected way
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time .
that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone
one of its strengths
of masterpiece
into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto
makes these lives count
jolts the laughs from the audience --
a delightful stimulus
winning shot
feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
lewis
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .
called the best korean film of 2002
one of the best rock
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
of the holiday box office pie
like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story
to be mesmerised
the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version
a lot of energy
for its success on a patient viewer
while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .
timely , tongue-in-cheek
morton deserves an oscar nomination .
weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces
efficiency and an affection for the period
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it
tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in
it irrigates our souls .
a hint of humor
with a big heart
a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages
its most immediate and most obvious pleasure
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
made a decent ` intro ' documentary
makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
this intricately structured and well-realized drama
embracing
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff .
other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
love this movie
liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
works smoothly
with a creepy and dead-on performance
placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers
a satisfyingly unsettling ride
good a job as anyone
, smart and complicated
are pretty valuable these days
beautiful to watch and
accentuating
a wonderful ensemble cast
endear
the truly funny bits
be the cat 's meow
wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and
be part of
cinema history as the only movie ever
comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
accomplished oscar winners
of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
enjoyed it just
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations ,
delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away
colorful , vibrant introduction
the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
famuyiwa 's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer .
a laugh between them
that gradually sneaks up on the audience
photographic marvel
gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .
while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
wow ' factor
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .
brazil-like , hyper-real satire
find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most
an absolute delight for all audiences
moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .
revelatory performance
that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film
nifty premise
vein
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and
earnest movie
effective enough
showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times
going at a rapid pace ,
still fun and enjoyable and
's also undeniably exceedingly clever
an entertainment destination for the general public
i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing
to the enduring strengths of women
surprisingly faithful
the numerous scenes
improved upon the first
that might have made it an exhilarating
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .
thank
just because a walk to remember
the humor is recognizably plympton
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
a fascinating , compelling story
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
whimsical and relevant today
see the it
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss
funny and sad
is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .
as refreshing
has created a brilliant motion picture .
a beautiful food entrée
us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
scenes of cinematic perfection
love liza 's tale
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent
go see this delightful comedy .
propelled by the acting
presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
'' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet
another masterpiece
an incredibly layered and stylistic film
a classic story
daring
wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .
convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick
any insight
passionate , tumultuous affair
an enjoyable experience .
is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
both convincing and radiant
smart and dark -
jolts the laughs from the audience
heralds something special
a perfect performance
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative
superlative
buy the soundtrack
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching ,
peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
big-hearted and frequently
striking deep chords of sadness
laughs aplenty
schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer
the scorpion king more than ably
make a pretty good team
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
bill plympton , the animation master
that in a good way
a watch that makes time go faster rather than
very best pictures
and church meetings
than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
compassionate
will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
an ebullient affection
manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
` realistic '
nicely done
a summer of good stuff
sustains
fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages
the movie is powerful and provocative .
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness
those who do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
like to skip but film buffs should get to know
narrative discipline
samuel l. jackson
is this films reason for being .
the old saying goes , because it 's true
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture
embracing than monty
get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth
it 's on par with the first one
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once
is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable
above most of its ilk
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate
beloved-major
by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
its premise is smart , but
was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
light-hearted
to show us a good time
is one of the year 's best
even witty
a fierce dance
... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream
particularly impressive
in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
submerging
nearly as fresh or enjoyable
my great pleasure
fascinating , dark thriller
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films .
that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.
a pretty decent kid-pleasing ,
of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
, bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music
give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard
the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey
of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
's funny .
its execution and skill
's coherent , well shot , and tartly
a heartening tale of small victories
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies ,
a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for
with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .
sexual and romantic
what begins brightly
every top-notch british actor
a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
will nevertheless find moving
great
provide an intense experience
, this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
this is a very funny , heartwarming film .
with such provocative material
with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for
stylish and
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
a larger-than-life figure ,
is truly gorgeous to behold
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry --
the most affecting depictions of a love affair
be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .
yet permits laughter
marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
some serious suspense
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
salton sea surprisingly engrossing
can open the door to liberation .
another best of the year selection .
exceptional lead performances
positive impression
that heralds something special
dreamy
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination
the qualities
get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory
's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
sweetheart
it still works .
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude
a well paced and satisfying little drama
loves
because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive
wrenching performances
kids , spirit
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real
unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk
a perceptive , good-natured movie
keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years
the best of a growing strain of daring films
gripping portrait
it 's actually watchable
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
his films
festival
, thought-provoking film
takes off in totally unexpected directions and
is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost
a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
a technically superb film ,
to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation
off-beat and fanciful
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and
charlotte sometimes is a gem .
so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower
can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
epic treatment of a nationwide blight
fresh-faced
mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
worth a recommendation
bigger
our best achievements and other times
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team ,
in private
has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but
makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
invigorating about
's mildly entertaining ,
it 's about family
life and love
a twist
with leonine power
quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself
to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival
a smoother , more focused
are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
zealand coming-of-age movie
dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible
rises above superficiality .
a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
masterful british actor ian holm
the hearts and minds
deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson
-- that you should never forget
more than ably
is a monumental achievement
comedic writing
humorous and touching .
it 's easy to love robin tunney
i like that smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .
a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort
more graceful way
will turn out
perfect material
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending
there are laughs aplenty , and
lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings
that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
excited about on this dvd
should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie
as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life
many of the things that made the first one charming
beautiful paean
entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better
the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .
a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
an all-around good time at the movies
touched by the film 's conviction
a spoof comedy
pointed , often tender , examination
touching reflection
a smartly directed , grown-up film
show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty
this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario
put together a bold biographical fantasia
slow and ponderous , but rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption .
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart
and satirical touches
a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and
a legendary professor
is magnetic as graham
has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history .
to watch too many barney videos
be able to look away for a second
heartfelt performances
a legacy
smoky and inviting
the wisdom and humor
saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo
the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt
coen brothers
no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .
a wonderful tale of love and destiny
the fourth `` pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .
makes a meal of it
most amazing super-sized dosage
laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser
the opulent lushness
( allen ) manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
went back
good film
a simplistic narrative and
finely written
attentive
a canny crowd pleaser ,
real and amusing
a dependable concept
very light
some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life
transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality
to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them
downright intoxicating
with ` bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
energetic
's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .
bloody beauty as vivid
long and eventful
, after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers
has considerable charm
for its extraordinary intelligence and originality
good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
kids will love its fantasy and adventure
, to my great pleasure ,
one of the most entertaining bonds in years
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .
been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit
to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style
from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent
see a movie with its heart
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director
as john ritter 's glory days
fights a good fight
is god
floating narrative
stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy
does pack some serious suspense .
gripping humanity
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances ,
bound
see the forest for the trees
's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good
for one splendidly cast pair
are ... impeccable throughout .
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs
horror/action hybrid
of the finest films of the year
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
much needed
jones and snipes are enthralling
that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
participation
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and
still fun and enjoyable
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside ,
to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
down-to-earth bullock
is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
one-hour mark
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun
not constant bloodshed
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored
overwhelmingly
spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick
grows
as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple
caliber
balanced film
excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone
is built on a potentially interesting idea
been kind enough to share it
liked a lot of the smaller scenes
continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking ,
a river of sadness that pours into every frame
at existing photos
gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries .
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .
tv
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
demonstrating vividly
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time ,
marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .
a powerful , inflammatory film
favor of tradition and warmth
begins on a high note and
has much to recommend it
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition
a simple tale
` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
this amiable picture
that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
saves this deeply affecting film
cold , nervy and memorable
manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic
insanely hilarious
surprise us
relative modesty
coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
, if good-hearted , movie .
no pastry is violated
i 'll buy the soundtrack .
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic
to the genre and another first-rate performance
an adventurous young talent
predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol
intricate plot
as i laughed throughout the movie
a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor
is the best ` old neighborhood ' project
make italian for beginners worth the journey
most good-hearted
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
poignant and funny
thanks to a small star with big heart
it 's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film .
if you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
accents so good
a classy , sprightly spin on film
an original
a thing that already knows it 's won
as punching bags
nothing to sneeze at these days
good-natured
's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
brought to life on the big screen
an entertaining movie
is a very funny , heartwarming film .
that gets under your skin
be half as entertaining as it is
a rollicking adventure for you
ethics
that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film
other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time
with real world events
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas
acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable
the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .
's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre
manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
daft by half ... but supremely good natured
much power
this picture
increasingly diverse french director
save their children
that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
surprisingly touching
come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
an obvious rapport with her actors
existential exploration
road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire
commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute
amazing
have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize
open-ended questions
like brosnan 's performance
sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
the road
phrase ` life affirming '
to the film 's music
and dog lovers
moving tale
oddly humorous to tediously sentimental
grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent
has been
does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
told well by a master
a show forged in still-raw emotions
captivates
the filling
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but
angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy
psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds ,
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and
welcome with audiences
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .
the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
startling story
do with imagination
dumplings
more interesting -- and , dare i say ,
exactly assured in its execution
'll keep watching the skies for his next project
plot , characters ,
seem self-consciously poetic and
back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy
satisfying
revolutionary spirit
a crowd-pleaser , but then ,
a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place
spielberg 's first real masterpiece
while peppering the pages with memorable zingers
, truths emerge .
those words
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .
generous , inspiring film
of more appealing holiday-season product
a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle
dialogue and sharp
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
graduated
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible
enriched
a pretty decent kid-pleasing
that manages to invest real humor
articulate , grown-up voice
nifty
's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .
some delightful work on indie projects
making up for any flaws that come later
terrific effort
the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
xmas
, it does give exposure to some talented performers
does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
paints a grand picture of an era and
of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games
it is a likable story , told with competence .
balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes
no-nonsense authority
moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
, visually graceful
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came
looking and stylish
the three leads produce adequate performances , but
drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst
a beautiful film to watch
writer-director david jacobson
good-natured and sometimes quite funny
piece , a model of menacing atmosphere
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
use a few good laughs
's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness
in its sparkling beauty
`` brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence
lively
it seem fresh again
good guys and
the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny
cannibal lust above the ordinary
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it
will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
spectacularly
conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt
well-done film
of its epic scope
of heartfelt performances
poetic road movie
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it .
you 've figured out late marriage
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .
teddy bears ' picnic ranks
right place
oddly sweet
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they
engaging characters
, twisted , brilliant and macabre
need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .
deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind
expresses our most basic emotions
a very moving and revelatory footnote
fascinating -- and timely -- content
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist
gut-clutching piece
subjugate truth
to remember
is a real filmmaker
a great film noir
bristles with passion and energy
a successful career
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
as brave and challenging
above pat inspirational status
beautifully filmed
moving , and adventurous
place and personal identity
with plenty of entertainment value
a dazzling dream of a documentary
serious subject matter and dark , funny humor
is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive
dickens ' words
satisfying destination
arguably the best script that besson has written in years .
fun one
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya
romp that has something to say .
zone '' episode
, you 'll like promises .
turntablism
is well worth seeing
documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
worked
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english
director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency
humor , warmth , and
are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you .
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes
of good-natured fun found in films like tremors
is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
a powerful and telling story
that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
a winning family story
much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout
from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
much fun
in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot
of a poetic
the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
great director
and , thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .
his martial artistry
a little-remembered world
an authentic feel
`` sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions
the smarter offerings
playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer
director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject --
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music
of the year 's most enjoyable releases
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .
a delightful , if minor , pastry
offbeat humor
finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies
in the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness
a couple hours of summertime
to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances
pleasingly
so perfect
cutting hollywood satire
directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
a step further , richer and
freshman
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst
an actress
a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked
sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings
are tops
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional
create and sustain a mood
as a real movie
of seeing justice served
americans to finally revel in its splendor
delicious pulpiness
it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .
ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride
is its utter sincerity
the ticket you need
the kind of ` laugh therapy '
of his character
blue hilarity
sympathy and intelligence
the best script
astonishing voice cast
is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role
has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
it with ring ,
that these women are spectacular
revelled in the entertaining shallows
good music documentary
makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete
a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story
can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing .
a satisfying well-made romantic comedy
crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments
impressive performances
a great one
proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
of cerebral and cinemantic flair
oodles of charm
one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
exactly endearing
constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
delivers a magnetic performance .
a sumptuous work
are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes
consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt
frequently hilarious
because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
glued
nice twists
rooting for the film
dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious
refreshingly forthright one
does somehow manage to get you under its spell
salient points
defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution .
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny ,
, and yet at the end
actually means to face your fears
well-intentioned
wickedly sick and twisted humor
african american professionals
tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is
of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
emotionally and narratively complex
consider it ` perfection . '
, structure and rhythms
personality
jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .
a spirited film
awakening and ripening
is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it
complex
soul-stirring documentary
uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
an appealing couple --
juwanna mann
an extended , open-ended poem
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
damn funny stuff
, the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining .
this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit .
godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .
, compelling story
turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise
charm , cultivation and devotion
very well-written
potential success
reflective and beautifully
leaving the theater with a smile on your face
is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality ,
an american
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
stylishly
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry
fanciful drama
that delivers on the promise of excitement
deeply moving french drama
big-hearted and
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .
adorable italian guys
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .
with exquisite craftsmanship
tens
may prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece
might just be the movie you 're looking for
an affection
love to come from an american director in years
most resonant film since the killer .
works out
the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
is great
spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy
, energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .
confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances
by the dynamic first act
too daft by half ... but supremely good natured .
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that .
` epic
easy to like
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies ,
`` frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''
what makes it worth watching
deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride
you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
wonderful , imaginative script
fun or
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller
can be viewed as pure composition and form --
look at that clever angle !
of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
the surprisingly somber conclusion
not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
is credible and remarkably mature
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .
of the unsung heroes of 20th century
that 's actually sort of amazing
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults
a streetwise mclaughlin group
funny and well-contructed
visual splendor
dragon
most intense
this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .
dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels
well-meant
manage to be spectacularly outrageous
of the best since the last waltz
a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent
to provoke them
remarkable skill
is the stuff that disney movies are made of .
enough sentimental
that sends you out of the theater feeling
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study
engaging comedy
certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes
strong performances
conceptual feat
genuine rather than pandering
randolph
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
, wit and interesting characters
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling
it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson
surprising flair
i liked it just enough .
nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
huppert ... is magnificent
intrigue
is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing
kid-empowerment
a fascinating , unnerving examination
brilliantly written and well-acted
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and
joy
is wickedly fun to watch
deft
but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
a climax
, scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys
neil burger 's impressive fake documentary
in looking at the comic effects of jealousy
is tenderly observant of his characters .
its dark , delicate treatment
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
classify as it is hard to resist
, undisputed scores a direct hit .
of menacing atmosphere
perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
a sincerely crafted picture
is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce
about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
spontaneity in its execution
feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
spiderman rocks
stirs us as well .
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna 's cameo does n't suck !
miracles
`` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme
, madonna is one helluva singer .
will probably find it fascinating
good ear
fascinating but flawed look
to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
the gloss
of the smarter offerings the horror genre
it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
optimism
but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself
like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out
the better video-game-based flicks ,
sheds light
work as well as a remarkably faithful one
want to watch if you only had a week to live
terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects
patient and tenacious
the movie is loaded with good intentions
for occasional smiles
of all ages
begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute
tremendous piece
goes by quickly
and that makes all the difference .
the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .
while the performances are often engaging
you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
solid filmmaking
his outstanding performance
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers
perfect example
offering fine acting moments and
a wacky , screwball comedy
solid , satisfying fare
-- a nice , harmless date film
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love .
combines the enigmatic features of ` memento '
worldly-wise and very funny
has you study them
pop up in nearly every corner of the country
worth yet another visit
friendly
bravery
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .
allowing us to find the small , human moments ,
spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle
to be liberating
gorgeous color palette
starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports
, still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , ( harris ) brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .
mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching .
still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly
display an original talent
but mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography
moments and an intelligent subtlety
to the brim with ideas
its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter
impressive talent
full of surprises
you sweat
is still quite good-natured and
rich in color and creativity
found its audience ,
visual charm
watch this movie
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and
to surprise us with plot twists
ingenious fun
have recharged him
rancorous curiosity
sexy , funny and touching .
is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
is so engagingly
depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy
care
a real movie
seem to match the power of their surroundings
a pleasing way with a metaphor
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family
pretty damned funny
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer
of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results
provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
a cast of a-list brit actors
... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls
storytelling skills
into the `` a '' range , as is
at least now we 've got something pretty damn close
can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .
entertaining , if ultimately minor ,
lovely and
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale
from a woodland stream
inspiring and
hero performances
the result is somewhat satisfying --
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again .
a true delight .
most original fantasy film
make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
that shows what great cinema can really do
of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works
is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is
good-looking
few things in this world more complex --
thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
a striking style behind the camera
is surprisingly refreshing .
gratitude
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed
has a sure hand
is spot
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers
has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry
all the usual spielberg flair
got as potent a topic as ever here
sobering and powerful documentary
spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful .
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses
found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
the payoff is powerful and revelatory
the under-7 crowd
that works on any number of levels
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .
is better
the rest of the cast is uniformly superb
his most daring , and complicated , performances
smart , sassy and exceptionally charming
, compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity
lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience
're in a slap-happy mood
hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
see because the theater
grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him
's quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
you 'll cheer .
entrapment in the maze of modern life
is a convincing one ,
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and
the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
of an alternative lifestyle
gives hollywood sequels
forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
pick up new admirers
satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago
surprisingly charming
truest sense
present an unflinching look
audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying
to enjoy its own transparency
does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter
made with an enormous amount of affection
to engross even the most antsy youngsters
he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause
caring for animals and
bold colors
schütte 's dramatic snapshot
light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat
is powerful and revelatory
visually dazzling
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity
a worthwhile moviegoing experience
consistently amusing
technical proficiency
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .
gadgets
what can easily be considered career-best performances
davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
gutsy and
good stuff
is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction
cheery
searing performances
dearly
the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids
when a movie has stuck around for this long
-- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way --
provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater
a lifetime
for the kids
the perfect festival film
of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation
the touch
morgen and nanette burstein
that graze the funny bone
sensuality
an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema
arthur schnitzler 's reigen
itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day
elegance and maturity
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir
construct a story
adequately fills the eyes
standout
quirky and fearless
in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
a film you will never forget
vibrant and
also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
intelligent observations
whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile
funny
a pair of fascinating performances
that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
sentimental script
inherently funny
is honestly
demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
grant is certainly amusing , but
looking like something wholly original
full of funny situations and honest observations
of the best next generation episodes
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .
of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack
with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy
's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge
rock solid family fun out of the gates ,
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope :
ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context
the u.s.
please eastwood 's loyal fans
what punk rock music used to be
work and 2002 's first great film
which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
genuinely enthusiastic performances
funny ,
argentinean ` dramedy '
his best film
recalls the classics of early italian neorealism
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor
seen city
watch these two together
at once visceral and spiritual
makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend
if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .
a pretty good team
run through its otherwise comic narrative .
a much better mother-daughter tale
really cool bit
's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood
big-hearted
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport
the film never feels draggy
salvos hitting a discernible target .
come to love
superb
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .
, or inventive
has a spirit that can not be denied
as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
without neglecting character development for even one minute
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying ,
more plot
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
this enthralling documentary
lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story
end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character
a brilliant college student
this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
even murphy 's expert comic timing and
great for the kids
, big-hearted and frequently
for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty
a searing lead performance
hours of material to discuss
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .
luminous interviews
leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors
`` spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
this delightful comedy
a worthwhile effort
extraordinary access
so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing
highly engaging .
wisdom and emotion
fascinating , unnerving examination
watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two
affection for its characters
mixes in as much humor as pathos
few nice twists
a moving story
not only better than its predecessor
funny and , in the end , very touching
a funny , puzzling movie
, i enjoyed it just as much !
solid base
to a strangely sinister happy ending
has merit and
, with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .
both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
astonish and entertain
play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution
a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble
been worth cheering as a breakthrough
fights the good fight in vietnam
engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay
rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy
hughes comedy
is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
daring and beautifully made
, you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .
with efficiency and an affection for the period
confection that 's pure entertainment
bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority
is impressive
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .
... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
fascination , and
amazing slapstick
told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
the inspiration of the original
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't
fine idea
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .
a good chance of being the big
wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
it 's a masterpeice .
, much better .
but on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie .
the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role
most wondrously gifted artists
relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius .
thanks to the presence of ` the king
surreal ache of mortal awareness
the unexplored story opportunities of `` punch-drunk love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson .
by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others
economical
as powerful rather than cloying
in perfect balance
thriller `` new best friend ''
spider invasion comic chiller
inspiration and
witty dialogue and inventive moments
the creative animation work
slice of comedic bliss
a fluid and mesmerizing sequence
doing its namesake proud
a renowned indian film culture
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .
, it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
was better
interesting story
a marvel of production design .
diverse
deep intelligence and
than their funny accents
fun , popcorn movies
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson .
uniqueness
interesting and thoroughly
( shyamalan ) turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
a perfect wildean actor
you wo n't be disappointed
friendship ,
put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable .
virtuoso throat-singing
recognize
gives human nature its unique feel
every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy
ferrara 's best film
you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
establishes its ominous mood and tension
has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed
loved ones
gorgeousness .
very talented
is definitely a director to watch .
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
make this a charmer .
the year 's greatest adventure
both the beauty of the land and the people
entirely irony-free
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying
laugh once ( maybe twice )
a one-of-a-kind work
perfectly entertaining summer diversion
many can aspire but none can equal
simpler , leaner
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable
... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head
closed
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up
struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
intricately constructed
a fantastically vital movie
sensitive and
survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
entertaining and , ultimately ,
, barbershop is tuned in to its community .
to be wholesome and subversive at the same time
has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy
combustible mixture
pleasing verisimilitude
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
works beautifully
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .
the masterful british actor ian holm
above superficiality
be intriguing
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin
is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple .
'll still be glued to the screen
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .
likely to find compelling
has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
great scares and
giddy and provocative sexual
a few good ideas
delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
tasty
the spectacle of small-town competition
terrific role
viewed as pure composition and form --
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .
one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
, festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
vivid characters
watch these two together again
a finely tuned mood
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ...
you want the story to go on and on
is part of the fun
sterling
tells a deeper story
a backbone
the hook
suck the audience in
strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket
courageous scottish lady
edgy thriller
as the film breaks your heart
the film does pack some serious suspense .
'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state
proves itself a more streamlined
with remarkable serenity and discipline
does the nearly impossible
there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck
was inspired
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
beyond the end zone
figures prominently in this movie
'' exceeds expectations .
inventiveness
open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set
sit through -- despite some first-rate performances
the action is dazzling
director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
is visually ravishing
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .
will prefer this new version
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as
wall
strange and beautiful film .
funny fanatics
fantastic movie
make love a joy to behold .
their bodies
is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
showcases a group of dedicated artists
the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting
very , very good reasons
the pleasures of a well-made pizza
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .
smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power
tears welled up in my eyes both times
potentially good comic premise
as fascinating
a sharp , amusing study of the cult
entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action
of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick
agreed
to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity
including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen
he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
delightfully so
a few laughs
vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation
are of the highest and the performances
zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next .
with so much first-rate talent
in welcome perspective
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances
the visuals , even erotically frank ones ,
meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
upbeat ending
pokemon 4ever
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?
, moving , and adventurous directorial debut
skillfully assembled ,
samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is .
treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .
grabs you
sustain interest to the end
should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! ''
own ambitious goals
that 's enough to sustain laughs
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony
in hero worship
feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject
unexpected flashes of dark comedy
is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts
inspiration
lifelong concern
delightfully
brilliant and brutal
's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
month
wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting
a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted
the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 .
unusual homes
, beautifully realized
such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen
pretty good little movie
that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .
willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve
the best of hollywood 's comic-book
, brilliant and macabre
bitter nor sweet
a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
the film 's saving graces
is a riveting , brisk delight .
so warm and fuzzy
surefire , beloved genres
making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time
some real vitality and even art
logical , unforced continuation
that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels
is among wiseman 's warmest .
's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed
`` gangs '' is never lethargic
bravura performance
whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films
beautiful scene
updated dickensian sensibility
the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
, the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
however , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive
the best the contest received
is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
seen as hip , winking social commentary
rare family movie
his machismo
beautiful work
sane and breathtakingly creative film
wonder
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale --
's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness
a consummate actor incapable of being boring
with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost
traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
has a solid emotional impact .
holm does his sly , intricate magic ,
a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
will find millions of eager fans .
presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but )
for some major alterations
... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but
its story
astonishing ... ( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
exudes the urbane sweetness
a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
take me back to a time
like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids
be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life
delightfully unpredictable , hilarious
worldly-wise and very funny script
polished and vastly entertaining
satisfyingly unsettling ride
the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong
the best espionage picture
some startling , surrealistic moments
is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
impeccable comic timing
takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
for its excellent storytelling , its economical
is generous and deep
it 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success
the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments
superbly
french coming-of-age import
capable of anteing up some movie star charisma
a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
esteemed
substantial or fresh
watchable by a bravura performance
labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
, has solid acting and a neat premise
is infectious
it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
its poignancy hooks us completely
slickly staged
relies on subtle ironies and visual devices
are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting
's fun ,
the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet
makes the journey feel like a party
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
on , well , love in the time of money
the story 's scope and pageantry
uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
a quaint , romanticized rendering
be glued to the screen
warmth and
oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk
clever , amusing and unpredictable
has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances
, intelligent eyes
scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm
france 's most inventive directors
the ideal outlet
's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
created a masterful work of art of their own
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
, you still have to see this !
proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .
display greatness
it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .
the gentle comic treatment
is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
grounded in an undeniable social realism
the film is well worthwhile .
patience , respect and affection
to give them credit for : the message of the movie
be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop
see her esther blossom as an actress ,
delivers big time
that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
a thriller with an edge
delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion
conquers
to show us why it 's compelling
, the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
emerge with unimpeachable clarity
for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events
rousing , g-rated family film
absurdist wit
hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .
bill morrison 's decasia
sure to win viewers ' hearts
the delicate forcefulness
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness
will just as likely make you weep
's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .
nation
is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
great performances , stylish cinematography and
can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .
garden music video
nice piece of work
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade
any movie with a life-affirming message
to the experience
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
one of the most exciting action films
is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
a better script
, then go see this delightful comedy .
of grace
bright shining star
romantic and serenely
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .
is far from disappointing ,
cliffhanger
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
really is enormously good fun .
for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
because of the universal themes , earnest performances
's nothing wrong with that
convincing portrayal
, it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
a lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
sports extravaganza
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and
it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
its audience giddy
implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history
piercing
its true-to-life characters ,
seem to match the power of their surroundings .
that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise ,
handed down from the movie gods
are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .
that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness
get excited about on this dvd
of artifice and purpose
that surprises or delights
was immensely enjoyable
pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale
easier to digest
what an idea , what a thrill ride .
from a television monitor
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .
fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile
a good human
the most surprising thing about this film
a great american adventure
imaginative
of his most daring , and complicated , performances
prove diverting enough
to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
the novel charm
as beautiful , desirable
wonderful fencing scenes and
absolute joy
heart as important as humor
creative energy and wit to entertain all ages
into a poem of art , music and metaphor
laughed that hard in years
this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
know what it wants to be when it grows up
gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality
not only a pianist , but a good human being
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .
's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm
well-put-together
is so rich with period minutiae
grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor
is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
sweeping , dramatic
edits
smart and well-crafted
some laughs and a smile
the movie is better than you might think .
by a british cast
an intimate feeling
recommended --
tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims
a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
humble , teach and ultimately
first-class , natural acting and
about memory and regret
best indie of the year , so far .
the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen ( vega ) and juni ( sabara ) cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .
like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11
enjoyable family fare
a more mythic level
strong supporting players
well-behaved film
of a handsome and well-made entertainment
best little `` horror '' movie
found a cult favorite
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody
familiar , funny
imaginatively mixed
a century and a half ago
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture ,
a huge heart
kids-cute sentimentality
raunchy and frequently hilarious
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long
improvise and scream
big bad love
what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors
delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph
rich with period minutiae
this clever and very satisfying picture
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
the trailer is a riot .
, this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
entertaining thriller
this is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair
common sense
bodacious
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile ,
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ...
joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins
in the series
written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
protect your community
elegant
meaningful cinema
strongest film
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story
this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy
revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
efficient
can certainly go the distance ,
with a teeth-clenching gusto
delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling
helpful
succeeds through sincerity .
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done .
exceptional performances
has value can not be denied .
amusing for a good while
major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera
make a delightful comedy centering on food
imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
compelling investigation
french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama
has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best
i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next
you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
masterpiece
as a friend
rated eee for excitement .
made the full monty a smashing success
to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor
honestly
intriguing and downright intoxicating
slick and sprightly cgi feature
the hilarious writer-director himself
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in
throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling
had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
, this is the ultimate movie experience
cerebral
i stay positive
a believable mother/daughter pair
1993 classic
pretty funny movie
dinner guest
students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
told with humor and poignancy
an unexpectedly sweet story
it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
to ignite sparks
is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
so intimate
it does so without compromising that complexity .
love , family
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
endearing , masterful
a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy .
you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger
graceful , moving tribute
is enticing
mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment
as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension
instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv 's big brother
the songs translate well to film
the joy the characters take in this creed
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich
romantic comedy
madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
in rapt attention
if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
an interesting technical exercise
is a visual treat for all audiences .
some body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .
the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph
do all three quite well ,
funnier version of the old police academy flicks .
a sweet and modest and
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
strikes a potent chemistry with molina
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
to the energetic and always surprising performance
yong kang
it looks good
about hatred
his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '
well-deserved reputation
deeper and more engaging
insightfully
arresting
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
worthy predecessors
idol
into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
, danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
trashy fun
as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief
on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy
of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family
tasty performance
some kind of goofy grandeur
worshipful
a gripping documentary that
a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
a love story as sanguine as its title
talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
pretty much delivers on that promise .
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings
feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
boasting this many genuine cackles
religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and
be a huge cut of above the rest
it shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
independent or
a brilliant college student --
for humor in so many teenage comedies
first-rate , especially sorvino
can relate
most entertaining moments
far more impact
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be .
watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful
hanukkah
the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth
with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery
kitschy goodwill
modern art
wise and elegiac ...
of the creative act
a spirited film and a must-see
its superior cast
is a remarkably original work
's appealingly manic and energetic
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '
has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life
, wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
a solid cast
is worth seeking .
technically
the music makes a nice album ,
, there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from ,
stylized sequences
to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
more enjoyable than i expected
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions --
's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can
manages , with terrific flair
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham
marvelous series
provide insight
's hard to resist
found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally
... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
quiet , confident
a legal thriller
can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
, thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
deliberately and skillfully
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen
are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent .
smile-button faces
admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
like mike shoots and scores
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .
leave us with a sense of wonder
a twisted sense of humor
performers who rarely work in movies now
that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it
utilizing
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness ,
once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
michel
deeply humanistic artist
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical
as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema
is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
joyful
, thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .
was reading the minds of the audience .
your pulse ever racing
ca n't miss it .
interesting and
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped
is first-rate , especially sorvino .
of the outstanding thrillers of recent years
purports
with the best of herzog 's works
's plenty to enjoy
designed as a reverie about memory and regret ,
is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ?
excellent
play out realistically if not always fairly .
achingly honest
nice little story
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart
, a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
is beautiful and mysterious
is very original
, it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation
thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .
remarkable performances
the three leads produce adequate performances ,
a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
historically significant work
is exceedingly pleasant
the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
compelling new material
is surely
exhilarating new interpretation
sweet
an intelligent movie
's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role
like ravel 's bolero
a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
overcome his personal obstacles and
sam mendes
create something original
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances .
be smarter and more diabolical
if good-hearted
gets around to its real emotional business
more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
her defiance
a 90-minute , four-star movie
have potential
a sun-drenched masterpiece ,
this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
are sexy
extraordinary debut from josh koury .
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation
as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia ,
treasure
thoroughly enjoyed the love story
be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story
sparkling newcomer
have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
impress about e.t.
the talents of his top-notch creative team
is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
than its fair share of saucy
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...
enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
inspirational love story
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride
is conversational bordering on confessional
effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
have a good shot
strong as always
reverent , and subtly different
the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen
a good idea
especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera
an intensely lived time
to add the magic that made it all work
is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying
an object lesson in period filmmaking
air of gentle longing
while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift
the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film
is a career-defining revelation .
funny and fun
witty dialog between realistic characters
the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
watch , giggle
a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
a flawed but engrossing thriller
christian love
douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically .
the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
strangely funny
a perfect medium
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place
if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
a classy , sprightly spin on film .
of extraordinary journalism
dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder
are simply dazzling ,
raw urban humor
returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension
on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
you 're likely to see all year .
a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind
tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
the funny bone
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time ,
mandy moore leaves a positive impression
the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon
more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge '
for easy , seductive pacing
in this elegant entertainment
too good to be bad
a lot of warmth
, every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists
a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
big-budget/all-star movie
is as consistently engaging as it is revealing
portray themselves
, ( goldbacher ) just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
to really care
a passion for the material
is a fascinating little tale .
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care
seeking an existent anti-virus
part biography , part entertainment
's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
so compelling
i have a new favorite musical --
of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .
to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone
grace
detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world
sweet , and intermittently hilarious
far more often than the warfare
is n't a bad film
it makes up for in heart .
its title implies
was worth your seven bucks
topic
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational
to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
organic intrigue
car chase
evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .
is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
would be terrific to read about
, it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
oddly colorful and
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child
is clearly a good thing
than franchise possibilities
romp that 's always fun to watch
, one would hope for the best
of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries ,
is a genuinely bone-chilling tale
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change ,
such a graphic treatment of the crimes
rich , shadowy black-and-white
a fascinating glimpse of urban life
the film sits with square conviction
one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen
have a 90-minute , four-star movie
great writer
remarkable movie
, well-crafted psychological study
through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
to be genuinely satisfying
a genre gem
sylvie testud is icily brilliant .
chillingly
politically charged
witty , vibrant , and intelligent .
the perfect star vehicle
's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
becoming a better person through love
what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
the last kiss is really all about performances .
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
that might have made no such thing
gondry 's direction is adequate
experimentation and improvisation
`` superior ''
the extraordinarily rich landscape
clever ways
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable
leonine power
how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you
both excellent
supernatural thriller
exquisite , unfakable sense
captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock
a ray of hope
the movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster .
, harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
never once predictable .
a serious contender for the title
is pure , exciting moviemaking .
set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock .
( reynolds ) takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
calm , self-assured portrait
can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
extends to his supple understanding of the role
on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie .
is ultimately
a quaint
's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
the timeless spectacle of people
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story
harmless fun .
large-format
's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure ,
's both charming and
soulful , scathing and joyous
the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
an ` a ' list cast
, those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
got
you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie
has a compelling story to tell .
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller
, one the public rarely sees .
of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
` just letting the mountain tell you what to do
is a visual treat
powerfully evocative mood
a must-own
hilarious place to visit
performed a difficult task indeed
ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
luckiest
, i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth
to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater
get a kick out of goofy brits
that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
something vital about the movie
an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
cinematic postcard
a thriller
that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
natural and
has a huge heart
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers
in amusing us
it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .
the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america
quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic
well-paced and
unexpectedly sweet story
awfully good , achingly human
the heart of the film
the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
of his reserved but existential poignancy
creative animation work
it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .
really get inside of them
lust and love
laughing
competent direction
burns 's strongest film
hollywood disregard
weaving a theme throughout this funny film
a potentially good comic premise
a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format
to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart
originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller
it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy
deserving of its oscar nomination
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose
joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank ,
rock solid family fun
will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
300 years of russian history and culture
winning portrayal
of warmth and humor
will have you talking 'til the end of the year
that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
the real-life story is genuinely inspirational
wonderfully warm
, interestingly told film .
a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich
emotionally intense
friendship , love , and
comedies to hit the screen in years
refreshingly realistic ,
... rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
appealing about the characters
, potent exploration
energy and wit to entertain all ages
she gets to fulfill her dreams
be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming
that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
, elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough
sweet , funny , charming , and
how to make us share their enthusiasm
feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick
a lovely film ...
create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time
well worthwhile
for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference
its writer-director 's
it 's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
colorfully
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen
who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
it is
convincing
bits funnier
is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane .
the enticing prospect
prettiest pictures
engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
is more than a movie
perfectly rendered
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie .
suspenseful
intriguing and honorable
about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise
is more accurately chabrolian .
this is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
found it weirdly appealing
has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
contemplation
exciting documentary .
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it .
plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air
a compelling piece
beautifully sung holiday carol
best work
famous moments
lovely and amazing
, in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
it unexpectedly rewarding
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness
through its otherwise comic narrative
enlivens
a great american adventure and
the director 's talent
the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances
` wow ' factor
is well crafted , and well executed
that it 's also one of the smartest
contenders
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
most wondrous
incredibly captivating and insanely funny
the most entertaining monster movies
stellar
keep it from being simpleminded
visual flair
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards
irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
becomes compulsively watchable
gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls
is all the more remarkable because it
keep it up
certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry
... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language .
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries
snow dogs deserves every single one of them
incredibly layered and stylistic film
at a snail 's pace
flair and bouncing bravado
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
get weird ,
is at once intimate and universal cinema
complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days
surgeon mends
flawless film , ( wang )
its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
lustrous polished
offers an interesting look
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya .
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible
are your cup of blood
a terrific effort
go down in the annals of cinema
remarkably original work
it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers
its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
unmistakable , easy joie
, touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects
will amuse or entertain them
town
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism
what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .
less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese
interesting and accessible
's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
sexy , and rousing
its premise is smart
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun
's tv sitcom material at best
resident evil
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .
was kind of terrific once
the soulful nuances
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles
tricky and satisfying
originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies
's very beavis and butthead ,
sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions
remains vividly in memory long
made the first one charming
take it
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .
it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
still-raw emotions
clint eastwood 's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
big stars and high production values are standard procedure
captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
coordinated his own dv poetry
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people
yes , but also intriguing and honorable ,
a modestly surprising movie .
keep it interested
the very definition of epic adventure
a compelling , gut-clutching piece
should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable .
cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
embraces life in public
is generally quite funny .
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
the fierce grandeur
de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun
thought-provoking
with some fine acting
do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .
consummate actor
to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal
pungent bite
exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
a stirring visual sequence
darned assured
are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending
technically superb
a dashing and resourceful hero
with heart
cutesy romantic tale
sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .
that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating
eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece
a more sheerly beautiful film
from both a great and a terrible story , mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
a movie with a bigger , fatter heart
had more to do with imagination than market research
engaging and intimate
blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
a brilliant , absurd collection
will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
i liked the movie ,
really vocalized
the lion king
is a winner
a new favorite musical
the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself
captain
a well-made pizza
, beloved genres
's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty --
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what
the hype , the celebrity ,
the modern master of the chase sequence
that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
, this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
extraordinarily
crisp framing , edgy camera work , and
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see .
while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter
solid pedigree
exciting and well-paced
if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
to mention absolutely refreshed
the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
, achingly human
it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
with memorable zingers
affectingly
great submarine stories
of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
at his 12th oscar nomination
managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
seem at least passably real
who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world
be delightfully compatible here
is among wiseman 's warmest
oddly fascinating depiction
a stylish cast and
dropped
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache
a pleasure
is a commanding screen presence
something that really matters
only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick
hard , endearing , caring , warm .
clever by about nine-tenths
the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
imaginative kid 's movie
to surrealism and black comedy
that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
fine , old-fashioned-movie movie
you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy
ten
transcends culture and race
brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat
thoroughly involving
wilco fans will have a great time ,
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed
reasonable
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .
as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it
clean-cut
wonderfully funny
helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses
it arrives
enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension
the son of the bride 's humor is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
focus
exuberance and passion
as the very best of them
be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
incredible subtlety and acumen
two of those well spent
the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor
glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
captivating new film .
to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover
wonderfully edited
imax trip
an intelligent screenplay and
so vivid a portrait
jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry
mention `` solaris '' five years from now and i 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
in the knowledge imparted
has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world
it 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender
with its wry observations
handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch
sweetest thing
biography channel
less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
well-done
a powerful commentary
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time
people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
, history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
goofiest stuff
pleased
dramatic experience .
quirky and satirical touches
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
a change in expression
treats the subject with fondness and respect
that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
amusing study
championship material
laughed
is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture
seriousness and quality
to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting
unabashedly romantic
is sincere
comedic employment
a good music documentary
enhances the excellent performances
witty , whimsical feature
effective if you stick with it
that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good
goofy pleasure
vin diesel is the man .
efficient
talkiness is n't necessarily bad
, this could be a passable date film .
the scenic splendor
show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song
should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel
to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings
of clean and sober
barely makes it any less entertaining
intriguing
the action as gripping
his life-altering experiences
good enough
with most intelligent viewers
show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
sweet as greenfingers
and twisted characters
his film overwhelmed
a complex web
late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing
is to be cherished .
of the most splendid
more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
the lord
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker ,
you 've actually spent time living in another community
of that delicate canon
were insulted
cult film
it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
lucid work
much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame
genteel and unsurprising the execution
think of a film more cloyingly
for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham
nonjudgmental kind
with universal appeal
brilliantly written
it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once
manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter
an enjoyable
an admirable
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .
raised to a new , self-deprecating level
, like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story
, smart , savvy , compelling
( washington 's ) strong hand
a collectively stellar performance
substance and soul
buy is an accomplished actress , and
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .
certain ambition
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians
easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe .
is barely
among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film
dreamy and
are quite touching
's actually watchable
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .
it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
ferocity and
a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis
spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast
what 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?
does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
off-beat and fanciful film
came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter
rueful , wry humor
you 're not merely watching history
fairly revealing
a major director
plenty of laughs
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' never were .
in addition to being very funny
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny
of a genuine and singular artist
that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it
technically sumptuous but also
a delicious , quirky movie
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential
worth the price of admission
's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
is having fun with it all
have n't laughed that hard in years
miike
make interesting
are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .
very thrilling
's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all
best sequel
fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
, entertaining comedy
convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
pleasant and engaging enough
, solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
the character 's gripping humanity
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin
and resourceful hero
for large-scale action and suspense
stay afloat
if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
a better celebration
neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
small , personal film
of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile
a skyscraper
namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
grade
the journey is such a mesmerizing one
historically significant , and
humanity or empathy
another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
enough substance
opened it up for all of us
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once
they ca n't go wrong .
matinee price
neatly constructed thriller .
before but never so vividly
personal
an athlete , a movie star , and
his impressively delicate range
gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising ,
fun , and
a warmth that is n't faked
to a film about a family 's joyous life
decent
deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
to overcome adversity
shows what great cinema can really do
romantic
courage and
the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
romance , tragedy
awesome work
the most edgy piece
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
sci-fi .
consistency
accomplished and richly resonant work .
its unique feel
the piano teacher
the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
bill plympton , the animation master ,
fleshed-out enough to build any interest
humor , warmth ,
true to his principles
pleasing the crowds
thematically and stylistically
a must
cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images
crowdpleaser
directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style
not infrequently breathtaking
some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls
gives his best screen
while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
emphasising her plight and isolation
's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability
one of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
, is still good fun .
an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
can get past the taboo subject matter
a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart
's awfully entertaining
has a genuine dramatic impact
are simply too good
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
goofily endearing and well-lensed
of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance
has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper
that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and
it works
is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer
convincing impersonation
poise
longley 's film
in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed
unusual biopic and document
, margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .
kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden
will turn out okay
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
i 'd be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow .
is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .
a chilling movie without oppressive gore .
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep
allegedly inspiring and
as big a crowdpleaser as
engross even
it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia
serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally
about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and
animation and game phenomenon
would have a good time here
it 's always enthralling .
of stunning images and effects
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
on johnny knoxville 's stomach
more than four
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .
visually breathtaking
excellent choice
a guarantee
likes
be thinking about going to see this movie
most remarkable
inner-city streets
approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
wry humor
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .
amusing and unsettling
, i 'd say the film works
won --
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
a dazzling dream of a documentary .
a stirring , funny
before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo
comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild
would look like something like this
unique and quirky
it 's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .
is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
carry the movie
is pretty funny
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious
's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .
eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
a class with spike lee 's masterful
often very funny
we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
dates
loved
with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
guts
on expressing itself in every way imaginable
warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
climate
pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period
occasional charms
the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
manages to delight without much of a story .
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate
heartfelt comedy
comes to life in the performances .
the stunt work is top-notch
just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
the recording sessions are intriguing
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape
brutally honest and
give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
a thought-provoking picture .
end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
its delightful cast
by its art and heart
's both charming
a group of dedicated artists
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work
gives a performance that is masterly .
a wonderous accomplishment
an oddly fascinating depiction
the lady and the duke surprisingly
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
which they have been patiently waiting for
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
ethereal beauty
romantic comedy genre
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty
, rapid-fire delivery
feature-length
an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn
of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle
striking
shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
a delicious and delicately funny look
genuine laughs
some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture
best straight-up
vibrant whirlwind
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
page-turning
with humor , warmth , and intelligence
's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense
your dream
become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle
high-minded
a slam-bang extravaganza
a very lively dream
, with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
breathtaking mystery
a lot smarter than your average bond .
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and
is actually funny with the material
that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
execution and skill
shines on all the characters
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
eyeballs
the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun
infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion
skillful and moving
has much to recommend it ,
gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance
heard before
visual virtues
'' winner
, you 're too interested to care .
is authentic to the core of his being .
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining
built-in audience
bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie
amusing ,
the most entertaining bonds in years
appreciates the art
do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
most important and exhilarating forms
's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
most ravaging
i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint .
is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination
the expressive power
it attractive throughout
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately
inspirational status
gentle but
accomplished and
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .
the soulful development
an engrossing portrait
is genial but never inspired , and little
proves to be sensational
to entertain
joys in our lives
the triumph
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale .
a frighteningly fascinating contradiction
equally assured
have a story and a script
's a work of enthralling drama
's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama
saves
uncompromising film
bracing truth
great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
does a solid job
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile
lighthearted glow
, guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .
offer a fascinating glimpse
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
languorous charm
style and flash
thematic content and narrative strength
a moral
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining
is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side .
have a good shot at a hollywood career
presented in convincing way
have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for
has its rewards .
she may not be real , but the laughs are .
is a much better mother-daughter tale
successfully
long , intricate , star-studded
for a touching love story
of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
an audience 's
the best 60 minutes
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining !
fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .
innocent ,
affable if not timeless
knew about generating suspense
love
works on some levels
reveals itself slowly , intelligently ,
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile
trouble every day is a success in some sense
the world 's greatest teacher
fiery
game supporting cast
a text to ` lick
... a solid , well-formed satire .
playful but highly studied
other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
as good
retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images
salvation and good intentions
does his sly , intricate magic
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen .
, laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser
beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet
new inspiration in it
'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .
grows up
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .
you have to see it .
humorous and touching
was the best the contest received
it finds a nice rhythm .
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion
drains it
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .
ever so gracefully --
funny and touching
is intelligently accomplished
has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
a comedy
of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas
to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's
sensation
the material and the production
my mind
beautiful , angry and sad
bubbly
has a way of seeping into your consciousness ,
daughter
enjoyable 100 minutes
in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
whimsical comedy
by splendid performances
a winning and wildly fascinating work .
a wartime farce in the alternately comic and
best
admirable energy
is funny , touching , smart and complicated
when you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
value or merit
that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media
different , unusual , even nutty
recommend it ,
it ca n't help but engage an audience
a life interestingly lived
, this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half .
sweet and believable
through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes
full of surprises
the humor has point
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot ,
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ;
one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
belongs to nicholson
the well-wrought story
gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar
perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul
, this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
works as pretty contagious fun .
makes it all the more compelling .
enjoyable big movie
braveheart as well as
this kind of hands-on storytelling
character portrait , romantic comedy
would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
valiantly
if it is generally amusing from time to time
a biting satire
literally
a small gem from belgium .
simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
a great director
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
the picture is so lovely toward the end
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory
perfectly
the performances are amiable and committed ,
elicits strong performances from his cast
brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing
wicked
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss :
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart
ingenuity
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama .
are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
joyous life
like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy
unfolds as one
adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
marvel
coming-of-age drama
buoyant romantic comedy
you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes
warm , moving
( ferrera ) has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
the best brush in the business
to a more mythic level
hits its mark
who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times
it 's one tough rock .
a staggeringly compelling character
to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 .
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying ,
diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) -
, and motorcycles
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
dragonfly
created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
enlightened
's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
a 10-course banquet
's a cool event for the whole family .
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting ,
you should see this movie
of the best films of the year
you will enjoy seeing how both evolve
from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .
showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances
accurately
well-made pb & j sandwich
engages us
on three short films and two features
the results are honest
's nice
has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .
a quirky comedy
artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown
this is cinema
a diverse and astonishingly articulate
the charm of the first movie is still there
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
this is the one .
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .
've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard .
one of the great minds of our times
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time
that effortlessly draws you in
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .
climactic
the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
more outre aspects
evans is no hollywood villain
falling in love
tremendously moving
benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story
spaces
a very good ( but not great ) movie
funny , insightfully human
visually engrossing
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions
extremely well acted by the four primary actors
the universal themes ,
makes all the difference
gentle , lapping rhythms
using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
funny , sexy , and rousing
is a pretty good job
scenic shots
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious
has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
spooky and subtly
into a classic genre
up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched
's something of the ultimate scorsese film
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
beautiful
enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage
-- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man
makes these lives count .
all the stronger
an improvement
it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget
the bizarre is credible
have potential as a cult film ,
to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme
beautifully produced .
a thoroughly modern maiden
born to make
gets its greatest play
the actors are fantastic .
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and
a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance ,
accurate
, the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and
faith , love and power
their hearts in the right place
wiseman is patient and
manage to keep things interesting .
ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here
wo n't be able to look away for a second
is top-notch
larger than life
filmed directly
to see a movie with its heart
would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
charm
amazing breakthrough
irreverent energy
stay positive
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .
if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...
and more entertaining , too .
an irresistible blend
in reality it 's one tough rock .
quite possibly the sturdiest example yet
schrader examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor .
are worth the price of admission ...
has never been more charming than in about a boy
is priceless
is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
is nothing less than a provocative piece of work
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .
( the film ) works
multi-layers
is entertaining .
hit .
achieves a level of connection and concern
many tense scenes in trapped
seen in years
glinting charm
i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up
the act is still charming here .
an energetic and engaging film
is more accurate than anything
rekindle the magic of the first film
should give `` scratch '' a second look .
it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
personable , amusing
worth revisiting
amusing sidekicks
has a sure hand .
showing honest emotions .
historical truth and realism
, it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol
donna
more valuable
a light touch
explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing
a chilling tale of one
make this surprisingly decent flick
the rhapsodic dialogue
addictive guilty pleasure
fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less
does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things
yale grad
make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
from pleasing
a canny crowd pleaser
infatuated
are so well
of its lurid fiction
is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition
any viewer , young or old ,
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
of this reactionary thriller
jolts the laughs
steals the show
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .
the computer and
of inspired humor
delivered with such conviction
the universal theme
... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick
harris is affecting at times
casting excellent latin actors of all ages --
the beat he hears in his soul
lovely , sad dance
turns in a collectively stellar performance
seems timely and important
but it does have one saving grace .
a more credible script , though
gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops '
it 's up to ( watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .
offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology
cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits
an intriguing story of maternal instincts and
immensely entertaining
's absolutely amazing
thoughtful and
was entranced .
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley .
a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it
good dialogue
lighthearted comedy
roman polanski may have been born to make
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and
will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea
filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative
one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
's also one of the smartest
hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses --
color and creativity
gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
fixating on a far corner of the screen at times
wide-eyed
, but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama
raise audience 's spirits
nerds
create characters
work -- is charming ,
started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
looks good
orchestrating
ever knew about generating suspense
can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .
of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob )
depict the french revolution
a fascinating character study with laughs
is one of the greatest date movies in years .
the long and eventful spiritual journey
allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk
its excellent storytelling
likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen
a revealing look
positive ( if tragic ) note
flowery
storytelling ability
is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation
changing lanes tries for more .
expressively performed
mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
an encouraging effort
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
high-powered star pedigree
being a good documentarian
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles
makes its point
, diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
drama , conflict ,
a scary , action-packed chiller
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances
mark pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .
relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
touch
tried hard
intimate , unguarded moments
important political documentary
a little better than sorcerer 's stone .
a heroic tale
is intriguing
devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
is full of charm .
own breezy , distracted rhythms
ironic cultural satire
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .
stevens ' vibrant creative instincts
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life
strong and confident
is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
that transcends culture and race
come to care about the main characters
self-conscious but often hilarious
the spectacle
uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken
even sexy
that will thrill you , touch you and make you
acting -- more accurately , it 's moving
adaptation is intricately constructed and
` triumph '
accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story
astounding
may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns .
remembering this refreshing visit
of expository material
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .
this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films
the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals
particular interest
tribute
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon
have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible
the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results
passive-aggressive psychology
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
for all of us
clear-eyed chronicle
a manically generous christmas vaudeville .
so much more
richly detailed , deftly executed and
though nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
the film is visually dazzling
sex with strangers
meaty subject
obvious political insights
that parker displays in freshening the play
as a masterfully made one
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .
has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
very very strong
emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema
oddly colorful
every shot enhances the excellent performances
to feel good about
the throes of their first full flush of testosterone
jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
of its oscar nomination
sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
very funny , very enjoyable ...
of his best-known creation
toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches
` stoked
an original bone
good , hard-edged stuff
cannon 's confidence and
compelling french psychological drama
metaphysical
in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts
the redeeming feature
kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi .
in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
to string together enough charming moments to work
a purpose and a strong pulse
sensuality , and
at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered
young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
riveting performances
on hammy at times
means check it out .
and finely cut diamond
convincing one
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story
... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
emotional gravity
( fincher 's ) camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully --
it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
cusack 's just brilliant in this .
, '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
the food is enticing
the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
substantial depth
warm and well-told tale
of faith
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes
is quite a vision .
immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
original film
to convey a sense of childhood imagination
for an all-around good time at the movies this summer
it does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .
, gut-clutching piece
epic scope
caught up in an intricate plot
worth the journey
have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
a full-length classic
enduring
sharper , cleaner
be an enjoyable choice for younger kids
ultimately delivers
is strong as always .
would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the
surprising romance
sporadic dips
best script
a companionable couple
the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
is familiar but enjoyable .
been smoother or more confident
is easily
riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work
it takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .
teenage sex comedy
rick
unsung heroes
of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
could hardly ask for more .
one of the smartest
was right to cut
has created a beautiful canvas
's a very very strong `` b + .
storytelling is far more appealing
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .
is a must for genre fans .
the young stars are too cute ;
the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year
are very expressive .
turning in some delightful work on indie projects
his most sparkling
kiddie entertainment ,
not only better
of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
is smart , not cloying .
inquisitive film
's a spectacular performance - ahem
career-defining
like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
canada 's arctic light
make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated
rich
of extravagant
like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit .
about movie love
hugely enjoyable in its own right though
a bigger-name cast
crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies
everyone making it
soderbergh 's best films
coming-of-age film
been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson
actually manages to bring something new into the mix
having fun with it all
of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work
fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music ,
charged
is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later
its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story
the wonderfully lush morvern callar
stays close to the ground
interesting and at times
swaggers through his scenes
cinematic tone poem
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness ,
that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
successes
and revolutionary spirit
remarkably faithful one
as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .
are moments of hilarity to be had
welcomed
an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .
washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell
with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .
still-inestimable contribution
while we delight in the images
fascinating part
smart , funny look
walk to remember a niche hit
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
amazingly evocative
weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next
viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving
whose legacy had begun to bronze
extant stardom
dragons !
an increasingly important film industry
hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch
hilarious and sad
captivating
integrity
be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
of musical passion
fully formed
with humor and poignancy
the variety of tones in spielberg 's work
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion
cast the magnificent jackie chan
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style
appeared in 1938
susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter ,
bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters
's better than the phantom menace .
that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves
of four fine
conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible
, solid storytelling .
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled
the lovable-loser protagonist
though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough
, this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
teddy bears '
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing ,
jazzy score
loquacious
is prime escapist fare
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive
... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
worthy idea
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory
an intoxicating
all the earmarks of french cinema at its best
is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing
be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds
to fruition in her sophomore effort
super
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .
i do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .
an interesting and at times captivating
will assuredly have their funny bones tickled
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control ,
, deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
a verbal duel between two gifted performers
swiftly
fairly enjoyable
an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it
tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
rich tale
a fascinating profile
prepare
honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama
`` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece .
the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present
an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
buddy cop comedy
i 'm all for that
wit and originality
'' admirably
the nerve to speak up
are infectious
some serious soul
its core
i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow
, `` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
sumptuous stream
have the best of both worlds
very moving and revelatory footnote
about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love
wow .
beautifully animated epic
an engaging fantasy
riveting power and sadness
and inventive moments
it 's a heck of a ride
music and life
a witty
does its predecessors proud .
what ` blade runner ' would
cinemantic flair
, it 's a lyrical endeavor .
have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
rock solid family fun out
a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back
to make up for the ones that do n't come off
been 13 months and 295 preview screenings
like any good romance
a step further ,
spirit is a visual treat , and
is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life
maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature
solid emotional impact
beckons us all
filling
first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast
dying and loving
the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path
work -- is charming
this engaging film
not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush
impeccable study
swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie
extremely thorough
worth seeing at least once
i liked this film a lot ...
byron and luther
the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .
and , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
that tears welled up in my eyes both times
that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
by letting you share her one-room world for a while
of constant smiles and frequent laughter
is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
( city ) reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year .
that attracts the young and fit
something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality
have made it an exhilarating
lazy but enjoyable
the best didacticism
'm all for that
in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself
macdowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
favorite musical
not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
more successful
suspenseful spin
cedar 's
utter sincerity
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing
and witty feature
feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness
the lively appeal of the last kiss
featuring an oscar-worthy performance
, hilarious
an intelligent screenplay
it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor
had their hearts in the right place .
something provocative , rich , and strange
i 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent .
an effective portrait
send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments
proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those
reverent
his sentimental journey of the heart
an astoundingly rich film
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
loves them to pieces
goodwill
family-friendly comedy
answered yes , by all means
as relationships shift , director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
the right choices at every turn
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining
with honesty , insight and humor
ambitious films
be captivated
will likely
this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
to make the formula feel fresh
the most brilliant work
friendly kick
suitable
i bought this movie
from `` promising ''
a romance this smart
fessenden continues to do interesting work
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus ,
warm , moving message
an in-depth portrait
acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
most politically audacious films
if that 's not too glorified a term
keeps this pretty watchable , and
awesome
sun-splashed whites
will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .
glides gracefully from male persona to female
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and
the screenplay to keep the film entertaining
has considerable charm .
a comedic moment in this romantic comedy
reaching the comic heights it obviously desired
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing ,
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
everywhere
this is a superior horror flick .
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it
sneaks up on you and
good pace
appropriately
illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
's hard to resist his enthusiasm
the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .
moving story
because it was particularly funny
many good ideas
to reveal his impressively delicate range
lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
oft-brilliant
is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
well-meaning
is a good and ambitious film
sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
seem to hit
evolved from star to superstar some time
go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset
does probably as good a job as anyone
plenty of entertainment value
, fine music never heard
the credit for the film 's winning tone
an ` a ' list cast and
chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
, touching , smart and complicated
a satisfying summer blockbuster and
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride .
a superior horror flick
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .
a major director is emerging in world cinema
a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness
in a well-balanced fashion
original cartoon
the strength of their own cleverness
like this movie a lot .
's definitely a step in the right direction .
's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays
not enough puff
this film puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers .
steers clear of the sensational and
well-wrought story
a shiver-inducing
should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
unexpected ways , touching
trouble every day is a success in some sense ,
little film noir organized crime story
a crowdpleaser
the music makes a nice album
new , or inventive , journey
fan to appreciate scratch
a certain ambition
that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet .
a small movie with a big impact
chilling , and affecting study
it 's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .
a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates
is fine
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
is the action as gripping
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not
the pitch-perfect forster
be compelling , amusing and unsettling
fused with their humor
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery ,
that reaches across time and distance
as beautiful , desirable , even delectable
brilliantly constructed work
the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and
that really gives the film its oomph
librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
much humor
a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .
off the page , and for the memorable character creations
drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
dog
an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out
cool crime movie
establishes a wonderfully creepy mood
is needed to live a rich and full life
this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance )
gets the job done .
sharp writing
much better
is actually funny without hitting below the belt
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall
be a different kind of film
while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .
a very charming and funny movie .
with vibrant charm
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family
a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
insightful discourse
it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong
surprisingly funny movie
kids
remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre
expert comic timing
necessary and timely
it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while .
of emotional comfort
care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
crafted a deceptively casual ode
, but solidly entertaining
the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
masterful
talk about for hours
one of the best , most understated performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career .
the original
'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and
delightful comedy
memorable film
funny look
the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy
entertainingly presented
raucously
animated epic
unique feel
of modern life
of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going
undoubtedly
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh
sweet , funny , charming
just a string
has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point
he expresses our most basic emotions
warmth to go around , with music and laughter and
the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way
of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries .
into the upper echelons of the directing world
keen
real narrative logic
powerful drama
a trip
create a complex , unpredictable character
engaging and exciting narrative
an engrossing entertainment
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner
great idea
psychological case study
uncomfortably real
that extravagantly redeems it
it 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .
is such a perfect medium for children
what makes it worth a recommendation
'' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
lifts your spirits
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and
a feast
by the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
on the success of bollywood
, even delectable
a rollicking good time for the most part
the heat of the moment prevails .
nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
best part ' of the movie
a guiltless film
entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed
as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
dry humor
is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
pink floyd tickets
a winning and wildly fascinating work
the visual panache , the comic touch , and
oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' )
companion piece
wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
bidder
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics
its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
family responsibility and care
that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief
love .
good actors ,
give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
that rare animal
one-of-a-kind
a good , hard yank
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .
, mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
humble , teach
fax
knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
understated piece of filmmaking
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but
she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon
a compelling story
bring off this wild welsh whimsy
that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .
so intimate and sensual and funny and
one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
will enthrall the whole family
good performances and
like many of his works
's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii .
knows , and very likely is
a beautifully
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year
object lesson
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs
of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit
with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
, realistic portrayal
pitch-perfect
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
accept it as life and go with its flow
sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
embodies the transformation of his character completely .
cinematic knack
duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks
that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
jokester highway patrolmen
a very good viewing alternative
a domestic melodrama
interminably
michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
well-edited
courageous molly craig
convenient
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith
, heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
intricately structured and well-realized
it 's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes
a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism
is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
much colorful
very effective
sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
, xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement .
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation .
vibrant
captures both the beauty of the land and the people
show-stoppingly hilarious , but
can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored
particularly memorable
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture
best inside-show-biz
one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
a family-oriented non-disney film
successful one
give a second look if we passed them on the street
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but
idiosyncratic humor
with incredible subtlety and acumen
care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor
a small , personal film
this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
elaborate
a splendid job
so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned
the respect they
some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo
pristine style and bold colors
mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated
very experienced
's something about mary and both american pie movies
blessed with a searing lead performance
recommend `` never again
a sexy slip of an earth mother
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare .
a heroine as feisty and principled as jane
measured or polished
offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off ,
fanciful motion picture
efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .
epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be
every member
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that .
of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys
of invention
as a classic movie franchise
peculiar and always entertaining
they finally feel absolutely earned
blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
gleefully
taking the easy hollywood road
full of elaborate and twisted characters
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .
is better than you might think .
fine effort
through than in most ` right-thinking ' films
's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive
between flaccid satire and what
the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia .
intense and engrossing head-trip
's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but
mostly magnificent directorial career
that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .
a lovely film
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .
artistically
join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks
( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction
keeps this pretty watchable ,
what we call the ` wow ' factor
the best of comedies
that satisfies
futuristic sets
a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
an enthralling
the acting is just fine
rarity
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ...
watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain
old-fashioned , occasionally charming
to enjoy good trash every now and then
to unexpected heights
conjure proper respect
enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit
gently comic even as the film breaks your heart
made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others
its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors
of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
whose derring-do puts the x into the games
is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
oscar wilde 's classic satire
`` simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance
of old-fashioned hollywood magic
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .
reaction
the true impact
enjoy seeing how both evolve
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
classical actress
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .
earnest homage
the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller
charming , funny and beautifully crafted import
wow
the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd
remarkably well
dreamlike
it 's provocative stuff
projector 's
is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
some strong supporting players
it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple
marvelous performance
gentle
to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
this engaging mix
everyone 's
flawed but engrossing
extraordinarily good
swallow thanks to remarkable performances
her third feature will be something to behold
works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera
a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in
humanize
contrived as this may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie
makes a wonderful subject for the camera
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale
bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .
the raw comic energy
, this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves
amidst the action , the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''
is tenderly observant of his characters
parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature
ca n't go wrong .
by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit
the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid
continues to improve .
the effort is sincere and the results are honest ,
cuisine and palatable presentation
of that
ingenious and
winning performances and some effecting moments
a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger
the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds
)
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images
be building suspense
has created such a vibrant , colorful world
except it 's much , much better .
goofy , life-affirming moments
a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama
built for controversy
a powerful 1957 drama
you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson
can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial
so crisp and
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
are believable as people
percolating
especially well-executed television movie
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor ,
psychologically revealing
emerges as the very best of them
a portrait of alienation
is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable
seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
deserves an oscar nomination .
a whale of a good time for both children and parents
far less crass
's definitely worth taking a look
of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope
of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work
take this film at face value
clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style
the power of spirits
is definitely a cut above the rest
intense and
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates
the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life
fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall )
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book
cuteness
familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
frenetic , funny , even punny 6
fuel our best achievements and other times
more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice
crafty
a date
who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play
realistic , urgent
is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
the symbols
find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise
make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series
is his best film yet ...
shock-you-into-laughter intensity
feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on
of a sports extravaganza
are immaculate ,
, kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .
into heaven
is often exquisite
a terrific b movie --
has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
a story of dramatic enlightenment
as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter
the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit
soderbergh 's best films ,
that rare quality
offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance
's potentially just as rewarding
a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn
genius
alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact
10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
often-funny comedy
proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls
hilarity
culture-clash comedy
this modern mob music drama
( has ) an immediacy
delivers .
feel alive -
acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses
the only reason
a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace
's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references
for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
a lump of play-doh
a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade
really won my heart
to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
as a reverie about memory and regret
charming and funny
he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film
, sobering , heart-felt drama
proper respect
suspense on different levels
and pasta-fagioli comedy
held my interest precisely
entertained by
, nutty , consistently funny .
by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
, original
for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers
nice , light treat
intimate and universal cinema
incredibly captivating and
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
tasty morsels
the best of herzog 's works
`` the good girl '' a film worth watching
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .
you might want to check it out
the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt
going to take you
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
being unique
with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do
works on some levels and
dawns , real dawns , comic relief
a strong script , powerful direction
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .
seen through the right eyes
something hip and transgressive
sweet , charming
is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family .
that powerhouse
concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking
a fully developed story
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout ,
it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions
simple tale
fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6
as an important , original talent in international cinema
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
the performances are often engaging
that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
laid-back good spirits
traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and
rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .
performances of exceptional honesty
that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
, uninhibited
, this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
are ...
genuinely good
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
to probe questions of attraction and interdependence
an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances
is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just
what he could make with a decent budget
the most surprising thing
filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
terrific film
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
watch your merchant ivory productions
you need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work .
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers
worth the look
serious minded patience , respect and affection
, you can do no wrong with jason x.
's surprisingly decent
a good documentarian
charming
her confidence in her material
crafted
show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck
an honest , sensitive story
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
to his pulpy thrillers
it the most
it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter .
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .
a huge action sequence
deadpan cool , wry humor
brilliantly
( westbrook ) makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
one scene
a way that few movies have ever approached
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
some movies that hit you from the first scene
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud ,
a fluid , no-nonsense authority
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor
makes it worth a recommendation
see this movie
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
packed with just as much intelligence as action
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle
the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and
a relentlessly globalizing world
well done , but slow
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .
so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann .
intelligent , well-made b movie
despite besson 's high-profile name being wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
casts its spooky net
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ...
is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance
, it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
energizes it
of the best of the swashbucklers
is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus
even more remarkable
abbass 's understated
undeniably intriguing film
of a freshly painted rembrandt
great impression
allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
the tasteful little revision works
're in luck .
will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
personable , amusing cast
make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous
to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
it deserves to be seen everywhere .
practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte
very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
the magic that made it all work
breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain
a good human being
flamboyant style
have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age .
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .
received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen
brave and challenging
be considered a funny little film
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
imbued with passion and attitude
almost seems like a documentary in the way
its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
true to its animatronic roots :
the `` a '' range ,
fills the eyes
the climactic hourlong cricket match
make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie
in the film that surprises or delights
find much fascination
a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism
a poignant and gently humorous
completely honest
good enough to be the purr
then by all means check it out .
on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
considerable
the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock
created such a vibrant , colorful world
but it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
extravaganza
that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
pyrotechnics its punchy style promises
might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .
that such a talented director as chen kaige
and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
does not have
an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
to be a compelling
i 'm likely to see all year
fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie
turn out okay
impeccable comic skill
of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal
far more meaningful
director lee has a true cinematic knack
the gorgeous piano and
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .
box office money that makes michael jordan jealous
the greatest date movies in years
is a children 's film in the truest sense
flatter
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding --
a wise and powerful tale
elegant and eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions , love .
breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people
eerily accurate
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .
bogdanovich puts history in perspective
thrill you , touch you
visuals and enveloping sounds
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
what results is the best performance from either in years
remains surprisingly idealistic
it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
fabulously funny and
it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
there is truth here
substantive
is spot on
to triumphantly sermonize
it is a refreshingly forthright one
the rich and sudden wisdom ,
consistent embracing humanity
glorious
beautiful , self-satisfied
long-lived friendships and
a soul-stirring documentary
you are likely to witness in a movie theater for some time
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
a remarkably accessible and haunting film
for the ones that do n't come off
host to some truly excellent sequences
pure composition
i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week
compelling supporting characters
its invitingly upbeat overture to
juxtapositions
this beautifully animated epic
trusted audiences
is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .
it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller .
in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize
glamorous machine
for some very good acting , dialogue ,
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace
but quietly effective retelling
it 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
recreation to resonate
becoming
profoundly
could easily be dealing with right now in your lives
emotional and
somehow makes it all the more compelling .
intriguing and alluring
for people who like their romances to have that french realism
every bit as high
a feast for the eyes
tackled a meaty subject and
irresistibly uncanny ambience
warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
would have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is
a true and historically significant story
die-hard french film connoisseurs
a sincere performance
credulous
does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
, so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?
emotionally grand
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up ,
acute writing and a host of splendid performances
's definitely a step in the right direction
have developed some taste
refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
award
successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters
achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
is loaded with good intentions
the e-graveyard
a smart comedy
's a very valuable film
enticing and
is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
brimming
you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional
does a great combination act
employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
organized
moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver
has had a successful career in tv
you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .
a 60-second homage
is just the point
the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then
this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
the fun of the movie
gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
, heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear
recommend secretary
a quiet , disquieting triumph
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
death to smoochy is often very funny
and we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) ,
the most original fantasy film ever made
spot
suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought
interesting psychological game
masters of both
praises female self-sacrifice
to adopt as a generational signpost
sensuality and a conniving wit
its elegantly colorful look and
a durable part
the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals
cleaner
-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while .
the film never feels derivative
the gifted pearce
smart ,
well directed
satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .
coherent
to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
more to think about after the final frame
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .
as good a job as anyone
just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes
rewarding
do no wrong
will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy
cool visual backmasking )
rises above superficiality
i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .
slap-happy
return to form for director peter bogdanovich
it 's crafty , energetic and smart --
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .
the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
best actress
is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
dialog between realistic characters
( barry ) gives assassin a disquieting authority .
's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas
, intelligent
is that her confidence in her material is merited
heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness
why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
outing with one of france 's most inventive directors
equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek
does pack some serious suspense
does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
allegiance to chekhov
of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life
the best possible senses
make for some robust and scary entertainment .
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human
feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .
israeli/palestinian conflict as
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
nails all of orlean 's themes
a film -- full of life and small delights --
's a fantastic movie
out of eudora welty
that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
jump-in-your-seat
movies about angels
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice
able to give full performances
this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people
the product
the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
may look cool
in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
an impressive style
, he is always sympathetic .
reasonably creative
uncommonly pleasurable
hawaiian setting
there 's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .
know a star
a modest masterpiece .
that profound , at least
equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information
perfected
offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
a higher plateau
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
natural sportsmen
not without merit
well-made and satisfying thriller
rally to its cause ,
its rawness and vitality
a chilling tale
a truly magical movie
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
freshening
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america .
, funny , even punny 6
enjoyed the love story
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .
is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain
compellingly watchable .
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur
so could young romantics out on a date .
hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter
a stark portrait
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .
offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .
impressive and
is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
strikingly devious
prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
action-adventure buffs
the start -- and , refreshingly ,
rich with human events
the dynamic first act
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up
it 's a cool event for the whole family .
capable thriller
more beautiful than either of those films
this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism
wholesome and
i 'm guessing the director is a magician .
boisterous , heartfelt comedy
bang-up
us share their enthusiasm
innovative backgrounds
a powerful emotional wallop
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
of balto
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart .
are sometimes bracing
offers opportunities for occasional smiles
thurman
funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
amusing
with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing
offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone
is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
all the demographically appropriate comic buttons
schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas
a classy , sprightly spin
it aspires
its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes
utterly absorbing
of the most original american productions this year
it is definitely worth seeing .
with a humanistic message
sex
a lot of tooth in roger dodger
the best date movie of the year
in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
gimmicky
begins with promise ,
tickled
rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys
that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .
fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic
the excitement
short of profound characterizations
to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
an observant , unfussily poetic meditation
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it
one of the most genuinely sweet films
who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
are able to accomplish
who is not a character in this movie
the screenplay or something
inspired
pure movie
is visually ravishing ,
seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
paced and satisfying
to have the best of both worlds
of the film 's cheeky charm
healing process
a captivating drama
old-fashioned hollywood magic
realistically
that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times ,
of fun for all
great , has solid acting and a neat premise
of nearly epic proportions
my greatest pictures
modest amusements
fun of me
magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty
gain from watching they
grittily beautiful film
... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
, the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .
works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon
nearly perfect in their roles
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
a lot more
's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure
of this laughable dialogue
will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors
touching good sense on the experience of its women
concrete story and definitive answers
a lovably
a chilling movie
it gets harder and harder to understand her choices
to shock and amaze
, three-dimensional characters
the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy
the solid filmmaking
squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge '
family and community
the film is full of charm .
is interesting
are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance
it 's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke .
sharply comic and
wonderfully speculative
the city 's old-world charm
of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
vibrantly colored
even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
backstage must-see
, because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful
broadcast
knockabout
coming-of-age portrait
for insomnia
on the deep deceptions of innocence
seat
more ways
a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
big stars and
degrading and strangely liberating
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good ,
offers rare insight
no , it 's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels
it is a hilarious place to visit
, marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws
quirky and funny
having an old friend for dinner '
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods
good trash
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .
successful on other levels
wonderful acting clinic
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .
the charismatic jackie chan to
reserved but existential
a stab at soccer hooliganism ,
life-affirming message
, the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will
are side stories aplenty
has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .
the real triumphs
, it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .
has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should .
in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work
is genial and decent
, also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
has a bigger-name cast
was utterly charming
commands attention
a powerful performance
an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones
has fun with the quirks of family life
format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
enthusiasm
there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all
idol 's
toss-up
poetry
full of surprises .
margarita happy hour
the pleasure
little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity
her best
be called animation
warm and winning central performance
made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes
to turn his movie in an unexpected direction
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
e.t. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
comes
find love
builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy
authentic
matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .
gets better after foster leaves that little room .
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
runteldat is something of a triumph .
, `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .
a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
comic gem
piercingly affecting ...
world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists
remains prominent
as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
entirely irresistible
that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then
learning but inventing a remarkable new trick
's always fun to watch
made it all work
thrilling combination
` praise the lord
searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say
its characters and communicates something
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig ,
one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen
to serve the work especially well
, multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation
that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah .
without ever succumbing to sentimentality
fresh and raw
dramatically moving
some genuine quirkiness
proud
is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell
deal with the subject of love head-on
its unforced comedy-drama
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
do n't see often enough these days
can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor
, godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
is better than any summer blockbuster
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
sharp comedy
sophisticated and surprising
director anne fontaine
into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
very well done
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
the ethos of the chelsea hotel
has enough wit
undeniably worthy and devastating
work up much entertainment value
, robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ...
keep this fresh .
rare movie
( the stage show ) , you still have to see this !
's invigorating about
a nice , harmless date film
healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition
this often-hilarious farce
as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
, though goofy and lurid ,
gold
an intimate contemplation
would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
have loved it
can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
( the cockettes ) provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
bold biographical fantasia
is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten
we are undeniably touched .
laugh their *** off
hanna-barbera charm
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .
energetic and original
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them .
consider it ` perfection
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer ,
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl -
liked it
all its effective moments
intelligent people
halfway intriguing plot
enjoying
find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish
it an exhilarating
dreamlike ecstasy
is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation
with a modicum of patience
some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results
most delightful
a triumph of imagination
a convincing impersonation
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea .
pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
first great film
a feel movie
it equals the original and in some ways even betters it
energetic and
a nice coffee table book
an all-around good time at the movies this summer
to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
the finish line
a satisfying summer blockbuster
cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
the grandness
lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
funny and
in an art film !
find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective
is so fine
to care about
be liked sometimes
the funniest american comedy
is an earnest study in despair
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
the mark of a documentary that works
flashy twists
a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and
if you love reading and/or poetry
some decent performances
firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .
ever released by a major film studio .
offers an interesting bit of speculation
a great cast and
will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
peace is possible
inquisitive enough
seen 10,000 times
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing
may prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece .
some people march to the beat of a different drum
has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
drawing wrenching performances
interesting matters of identity and heritage
is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression
not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
boys '
its own brilliance
your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
, this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .
musical number
old-fashioned storytelling
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .
seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do
an encouraging new direction for la salle
remains vividly in memory
this little $ 1.8 million charmer ,
holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2
to classify as it is hard to resist
a touching , transcendent love story
no fantasy story
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs '
poignant and delicately
as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
from cowering poverty to courage and happiness
heart-warming
a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
is wry and engrossing .
almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull
of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film ,
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level
add anything fresh
has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed
you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet
steve martin
an enthusiastic charm in fire
in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is
be a straightforward bio
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
this surprisingly decent flick
is heartfelt and achingly real
the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan
does strong , measured work .
jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life ,
pastel landscapes
director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
it would be
flickering reminders of the ties that bind us
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon
has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
a sudden lunch rush
a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair
combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
intense experience
sealed with a kiss
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and
the most entertaining monster movies in ages
and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics
's rare
gets vivid performances from her cast
lovingly
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .
it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
the power of this movie
-- she 's pretty and she can act --
nice to see piscopo again after all these years
a quiet , disquieting triumph .
self-discovery
it 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .
but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,
a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise
amazing finesse
never fails to entertain
the national lampoon film franchise ,
you liked the previous movies in the series
if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
the powerful
anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
is one carried by a strong sense of humanism
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature
gently humorous and touching .
a film of quiet power
compelling character
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi 's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .
ironically killer soundtrack
an unruly adolescent boy
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .
contemplative
embodies the transformation of his character completely
in all its strange quirks
'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
a zippy jazzy score
, charming and quirky
it is thought-provoking .
this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .
curious about each other against all odds
's why sex and lucia is so alluring .
ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
with a pleasing verisimilitude
the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities
achingly human
a sun-drenched masterpiece
a provocateur
what ( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film
his inspiration
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff
enchanting ...
it 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
the heart and soul of cinema
charming than in about a boy
with her small , intelligent eyes
the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be
profound humanity
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .
a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
a rich tale of our times
, imaginative filmmaking
blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .
an enormously entertaining movie
a surprisingly charming and even witty match
crisp storytelling
that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
earns extra points
particular talents
rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed
's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage
to great artistic significance
revelatory and
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile
, pretty and gifted , it really won my heart
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and
, the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script .
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow , iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
's flawed and brilliant
that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun
argentinian thriller
to some truly excellent sequences
does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up
in its own simplicity
satisfies
captivatingly
is adequate
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
a strong first act and
's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin
often achieves a level of connection and concern
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community .
very well-meaning movie ,
colorful and controversial
australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
well-intentioned effort
american musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn
the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
a gorgeously strange movie ,
been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .
gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
interesting social
which has a handful of smart jokes
is more than merely a holocaust movie
dense , exhilarating documentary
the script , which has a handful of smart jokes
great equalizer
humorous and tender
is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller
a compelling
be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness
while huppert ... is magnificent
in place for a great film noir
robust and scary
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year
there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller
that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages
smart , funny , subtle , and resonant
a positively thrilling combination
's why sex and lucia is so alluring
flamboyant female comics
makes the movie special
drama , suspense , revenge , and romance
strolls
upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal
makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while .
his excellent cast
on cotton candy
is extraordinarily good .
she 's a pretty woman
lyne 's stolid remake
as temptingly easy
jagger , stoppard and
make a gorgeous pair
paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years .
spooky new thriller
christian-themed fun
effortless
a light-hearted way
use of his particular talents .
its epic scope
the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
terrific
hits all the verbal marks it should .
the light comedic work
share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre
by writer-director kurt wimmer
takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals
, there 's much to recommend the film .
between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked
gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness
will worm its way there
accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .
shrewdly
such subtlety and warmth
disney 's cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes
a stunning film
well-structured film
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy
sometimes a chuckle
manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy
welcome and heartwarming
energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage
the upper echelons
remains a perfect wildean actor
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and
enough sweet and
starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
'll cheer .
stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
candid
the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun
memorable performances
's sweet .
fluffy
in venice
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience
surprisingly insightful
will keep them awake
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation
, resonant gem
to suspense thriller
the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
harrowing and uplifting
hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated
something of the ultimate scorsese film
of the guru who helped
offbeat humor , amusing characters ,
most original american productions
quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
make you think about existential suffering
directing with a sure and measured hand
sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama
just as rewarding
treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .
remind one of a really solid woody allen film
first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him
but believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .
it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
the gift of tears
as wonderful on the big screen
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
high-concept scenario
that it 's hard not to be carried away
with a fresh point of view
, actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
final act
acceptable
imaginatively mixed cast
diverting and modest
virtuoso
the drama that gives added clout to this doc
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve
separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd
is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
this nervy oddity , like modern art
clever and unexpected
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
technically proficient
there 's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
stronger
carlos
surprisingly brilliant
a funny little film
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and
the direction is intelligently accomplished
disney 's 1937 breakthrough
titillating material
can handle
's so striking about jolie 's performance
paul bettany is cool .
a cool event
an inspiring tale
energetic , extreme-sports adventure
the best rock
backed by sheer nerve
richly resonant work
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious .
is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal
there 's nothing exactly wrong here
the unbearable lightness of being
believable mother/daughter pair
charisma
witty feature
it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre
smart
successfully blended satire ,
spectacle and pacing
this engaging mix of love and bloodletting
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing .
, he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
the surprise ending
filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .
smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .
a really good premise
whirlwind
full of sex , drugs and rock
artistic significance
is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
like reading a research paper
actually pulling it off
proud warrior
's crafty , energetic and smart
one senses
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful
of her life with the imagery in her paintings
recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters
daft by half ... but
its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity
for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
preciousness
is also a work of deft and subtle poetry
has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
one of the best looking and stylish
important , original talent
to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking
the cast is top-notch and
give what may be the performances of their careers .
a comedic moment
old-fashioned , occasionally charming and
she can act
without overdoing it
well-made but mush-hearted .
of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade
lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories
inventive screenplay
of human frailty fascinates
gets under our skin and
returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
a huge amount of the credit for the film
during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
good man
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version .
the group 's playful spark of nonconformity
of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
manner and flamboyant style
also rocks .
is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
fits the bill
an easy film
inventive moments
an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle
engaging and unpredictable character pieces
of the theater feeling
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .
hip '
most sincere
fascinating
, you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil
a terrific look
sword-and-sorcery plot
the best silly horror movies
without being shrill
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and
well enough
aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did )
the film is insightful about kissinger 's background and history .
so , i trust
flashes of mordant humor
wild ride
redeemed by its stars
noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill
the best films
the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding
captures the complicated relationships in a marching band
has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy
impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats
give credit to affleck
a wonderful thing
strong and convincing performances
of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design
more good than great
gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan ''
a dream is a wish your heart makes
, you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
those visual in-jokes
you forget you 've been to the movies .
in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth
held my interest
a jaunt down memory lane for teens
its source 's complexity
dazzling conceptual feat
ideological
more accomplished
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and
twice removed
dark comedy
excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
smart , nuanced look
nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy
informative and breathtakingly spectacular
the movie stirs us as well .
spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative
dominant
horizons
has a compelling story to tell
the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
's an entertaining and informative documentary .
so spot on
has rewards ,
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside
will warm your heart
( a ) strong piece of work .
the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d
valentine
arty and
best-sustained
so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that
the adrenaline jolt
manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... there is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them ''
socially encompassing
makes martha enormously endearing
brosnan 's finest non-bondish performance
legendary actor michel serrault
a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
's a masterpiece
the film is never dull
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other
calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side
alternately hilarious and sad
tart
the action and special effects
you love the music , and
that is wickedly fun to watch
sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling
the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon
very moving and revelatory
perfectly pitched
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters
unfolds with grace and humor and gradually
holds you
this is a movie full of grace and
a spark of new inspiration in it ,
dark little morality tale
into feel-good territory
tell the best story
a playful iranian parable
a worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits
the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
you wo n't be able to look away for a second
merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew
effecting change and inspiring hope
a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey
amuse or entertain
because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope
is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
the best of the swashbucklers
touches the heart
it 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
soulful development
true and
of splendid performances
a heart , mind or humor of its own
for nice evening out
great piece
, i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 .
an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
takes your breath
done his homework
the book 's irreverent energy ,
the movie is in a class by itself
updating works surprisingly well
spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
, mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd
intellect and feeling
preferable
a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall
one only a true believer could relish
on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal
( `` take care of my cat '' ) is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
a compelling argument about death
if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining
to produce another smash
spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist
pure craft and
a mature and frank fashion
the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,
symbolic graphic design
the superior plotline
funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre
realistically terrifying movie
surprised at how much we care about the story
his penchant
tough beauty
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and
enjoyed barbershop
spot-on
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality
informative , intriguing , observant
as the original
historical event
a wild ride that relies on more than special effects
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball
quietly engaging .
it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
perfectly serviceable and
which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing
has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .
a warmth
transforms this story about love and culture
this little-known story of native americans and
argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect
impressed with its own solemn insights
intelligent humor
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory
decent popcorn adventure
such a big job
standing by yourself is haunting ... ( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent ,
we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
in its attempts
stylistic
unpredictable comedy
that rare movie that works on any number of levels --
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story .
besson 's high-profile name
the boho art-house crowd
a coherent rhythm
chases for an hour and then
sophisticated
pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
delight your senses
thoughtful war films
any after-school special you can imagine
has made a decent ` intro ' documentary
a solid base
his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words ,
beautifully
- west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
more complex and honest
uncomfortably timely , relevant , and
a smile on your face and
to see it twice
in the mind of the killer
light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
feel good about themselves
watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost
together ( time out and human resources ) establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace
thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
it actually makes the heart soar
ourside the theater roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .
absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound
gets full mileage out
laugh-out-loud lunacy
who makes martha enormously endearing
's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema
an affection for the period
the feel of a fanciful motion picture
make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold
singing , and unforgettable characters
a better short story
a wild ride
gorgeously atmospheric meditation
burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue
a kick out of goofy brits
that is warm , inviting , and surprising
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away
it 's quite fun in places .
great actors
many ways the perfect festival film
raise audience 's spirits and
generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling
learn a good deal
will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
intelligent movie
's plenty to impress about e.t.
of the best special effects
he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
colors the picture in some evocative shades .
, you 'll still be glued to the screen .
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale ,
dream
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
it is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
sensual
enjoy this
the perfect starting point
steamy
idealism american
phenomenal
a clever script
in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo
works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .
it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message
american action-adventure buffs
succeeds
hard , endearing , caring ,
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats
the best star trek movie
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified
remember it .
the performances of their careers
's a talking head documentary , but a great one
that the film never feels derivative
toward maximum comfort and familiarity
wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
average kid-empowerment fantasy
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .
are an absolute joy .
he provides a strong itch to explore more .
makes it to the boiling point
that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .
wonderful , ghastly film
of the highest and the performances
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point
he does best
great to look at
a moving tale of love and destruction
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe .
's more enjoyable than i expected ,
, dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
, i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .
seem appealing
beautifully shot
strange it is , but delightfully so .
pleasant but not
who handily makes the move from pleasing
works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
genuinely
-- casting excellent latin actors of all ages --
does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .
abundant humanism
is the heart and soul of cinema
to seek and strike just the right tone
it 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room .
`` spider-man '' certainly
what 's so striking about jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .
sounds promising
a slice of counterculture
signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema .
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .
feast
cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock
glorious spectacle
picked me up , swung me around
the off-center humor is a constant
remarkable serenity and discipline
started with a great premise
reaches across time and distance
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending
has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance
the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre
kind
is a towering siren .
it all the more compelling
bouncy score
cheery and
for that sense of openness , the little surprises
kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
formidable
a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy
realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject
is solid
particularly well made
by a master
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
a great cast and
richly entertaining and suggestive
drawing flavorful performances
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .
to an imitation movie
deeply satisfying
rewarded
witch project real-time roots
a very ambitious project
nice piece
the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
an achingly enthralling premise ,
susceptible to blue hilarity ,
beautiful than either of those films
in the service of the lovers who inhabit it
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast ,
but strangely believable
are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition
of its execution and skill of its cast
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera
best war movies
fan
fierce
gorgeous to look at
maximum comfort and familiarity
having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything
especially well-executed
absorbing
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .
thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments
, vibrant introduction
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable
bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors .
chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work
highest production values
a game supporting cast
though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen
that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
greatest play
s&m
a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
a really special walk
nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .
pretty good team
a clear-eyed portrait
sexy
the grandkids or the grandparents
most deceptively amusing
taken seriously
film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously
most romantic
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
promise
hilarious adventure
keeps this pretty watchable
the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean
he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals
more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
more experimental
even betters it
well-written and occasionally challenging
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning
new zealand coming-of-age movie
the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
fare , with enough
... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
directed but terminally cute drama .
superbly
's betting her third feature will be something to behold
eccentric and good-naturedly
so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
a fairly revealing study
continues .
sounding
a striking style
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve
entirely persuasive
makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness
in praise of love
one very funny joke and a few other decent ones
surrounded by open windows
grace this deeply touching melodrama .
of the best inside-show-biz
an important director
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously
more smarts
intelligent romantic thriller
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and
, about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart
do no wrong with jason x.
great script
is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
has its heart
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .
she 's pretty
bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
the spirits of these young women
eloquence
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing
much funnier film
escape
friendship , love
dazzle
: the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
the film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .
work of extraordinary journalism
the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor
present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
i loved on first sight and , even more important ,
that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
shimmers with it
in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
an affectionately goofy satire
matches about it .
is sadly heightened by current world events
a major-league leading lady
a taut , sobering film .
fits into a classic genre
's as good as you remember .
message resonate
that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
population
unforced naturalism
appear avant-garde
at least a few good ideas
technically proficient and without the pop-up comments
's still a rollicking good time for the most part
splendid meal
, mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait
solid , spooky
that its visual imagination is breathtaking
insightful writer/director
is definitely worth
raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
it 's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .
dark , funny humor
flat-out amusing
, sweet ` evelyn
well-balanced fashion
to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded
this in the right frame of mind
is well-crafted
great film
an exhilarating new interpretation
spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand )
definitive
sometimes endearing
its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself
magic and is enjoyable family fare
all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time
tries its best
read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type
of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life
the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie
will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
a well loved classic
fair amount
effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese
george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
regard
it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started
vintage looney tunes
's refreshing to see a romance this smart
unexpected heights
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .
us plenty of sturm
comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew
forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin .
of the family vacation
a thoughtful examination
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .
will linger long after this film has ended
an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .
she 's appealingly manic and energetic .
wonderful
, it gets to you .
is well worthwhile
is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful
're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining
attractive and
serene
sheerly beautiful
is nothing to sneeze at these days
deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese
study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture
a charming , banter-filled comedy
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
a buoyant , expressive flow of images
much better mother-daughter tale
above-average
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli
makes the clothes
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat
the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t.
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday
is a masterpiece .
a true believer
viva le
the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .
a straightforward , emotionally honest manner
geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity
saving
is worth seeking
diverges from anything
andrei
who understands how to create and sustain a mood
the film oozes craft .
notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness
when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
it 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed
of ` eh
has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight .
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing
fresh territory
strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here .
a new scene
'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept
engaging and
yarns ever
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play .
'll probably love it .
weird and wonderful comedy
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and
the film special
winning tone
take pleasure
we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .
love liza
gender-provoking
releasing
the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things
acted , emotionally devastating piece
is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal
strong themes
celluloid heaven
well-crafted
what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
endearing .
significantly different ( and better ) than most films
offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
'' never cuts corners .
so vivid
life and small delights
you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose
you to give it a millisecond of thought
vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .
i have a new favorite musical
minor classic
you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .
, remains surprisingly idealistic
the best animated
that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ?
have been much better
of his rental car
is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within
taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
( allen 's ) best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be .
begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act
have to see this !
a director enjoying himself immensely
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
wrapped up in the characters
the depths
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world
appetizer that leaves you wanting more .
elevates the experience
the intelligent , well-made b movie
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .
a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
most of the work
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade .
effort to understand everyone 's point of view
make the most of the large-screen format
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies
a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions
she 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness .
his most ardent fans
is not a bad film .
out there !
bothered to construct a real story this time
oozing with attractive men
lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
appealing veneer
the plot kicks into gear
pleasure .
delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers
into a few evocative images and striking character traits
debut effort by `` project greenlight '' winner
garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ...
the full monty , but
will once again be an honest and loving one
does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .
really , really good things can come in enormous packages
smart , steamy mix
has never been smoother or more confident .
eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life
very well shot or composed or edited
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick
good and ambitious film
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho 's fans .
a pleasing , often-funny comedy
wise and knowing
spectacularly outrageous
an inventive
is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .
an exclamation point
( allen )
wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
found his groove these days
has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance .
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure
is meaningful or memorable
what makes this film special
that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism
, the movie stirs us as well .
that everyone can enjoy
had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .
grand as the lord of the rings
biting and witty feature
a chuckle
it ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains .
on character
but very pleasing at its best moments
is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
love affair
is a treat .
is turning in some delightful work on indie projects
into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality
passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
from oscar-winning master
will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile
heartening
some savvy producer
swooping down on a string of exotic locales ,
offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies
might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
see a movie
love the piano teacher
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .
inventive action sequences
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights
go unnoticed and underappreciated
that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture
very inspiring or insightful
more interesting --
the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed
what 's best about drumline is its energy
modern-day royals
amazing film work
often hilarious
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety ,
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it .
many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times
one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
balances both traditional or modern stories together
though jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
is nothing short of a great one
uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
runs around and
unerring respect
screenplay to keep the film entertaining
seventy-minute running time
intelligent manner
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight ''
is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
's pleasant enough
is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese
be as subtle and touching as the son 's room
hold our attention
believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but )
never lets you off the hook .
by sparking debate and encouraging thought
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and
find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
's good enough .
gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .
of warmth and gentle humor
south korea 's future
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view
a more ambitious movie
surprisingly well
feel fully
works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride
dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .
uncompromising artists trying to create something original
... wise and elegiac ...
a strong-minded viewpoint ,
such a gloriously goofy way
rock-solid
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .
, funny humor
a great party
recommend this film more
hugely rewarding
's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
, haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
the film is a hilarious adventure
muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
cheesy fun factor
charming ,
the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season
perry 's good and his is an interesting character ,
one fantastic ( and educational )
is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood
of a raindrop
on it
convey a sense of childhood imagination
an enjoyable choice for younger kids
's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture
a highly gifted 12-year-old
the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5
, you 're gon na like this movie .
show us a good time
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events
troubling and powerful .
the actors are simply too good ,
a wonderful subject
its premise is smart ,
grace this deeply touching melodrama
another night
to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun
an expert thriller
t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context
spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
film to watch
universal appeal
as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
utterly convincing
, will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy
vibrantly colored and
certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
a sensitive , cultivated treatment
whose pervasive quiet
true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya
has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear
is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
eccentric and
is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie
a warm , enveloping affection
thoughtful , reverent portrait
best gay love stories
exceedingly memorable one
create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
mysterious
offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
he 's well worth spending some time with
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging
love and bloodletting
white 's intermittently wise script
that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser
say for plenty of movies
about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
the best case
your nose
, it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
's a spirited film and a must-see
a handful of smart jokes
as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny
a strong thumbs
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge --
its heartfelt concern
multilayered and sympathetic
filled with strange and wonderful creatures
see it
works because reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
being very inspiring or insightful
martial arts
some of the visual flourishes
adroit but finally
heartfelt
scenery , vibe
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material
reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
that should have been the ultimate imax trip
loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them .
are especially fine .
this ambitious comic escapade
lustrous polished visuals
the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces
brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema
alluring
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
it 's going to be a trip
rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative
while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
set out to lampoon , anyway
itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy
this seductive tease of a thriller
if you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .
surprisingly inoffensive
strong themes of familial ties
is intriguing , provocative stuff .
great party
made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun
'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
this is pure , exciting moviemaking .
suitable summer entertainment
its exquisite acting
, evans is no hollywood villain
of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
's his strongest performance since the doors
gradually accumulates more layers
hard to conceive anyone else in their roles
drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body ,
while he talks
visually ravishing
phenomenal performances
will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .
is greatness here
comfortable niche
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
works on any number of levels
, enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ...
the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
moving documentary
slam-bang
goosebumps
the right stuff for silly summer entertainment
does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple
solid family fun
lucks
feeling a part of its grand locations
a new idea
an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ...
transfixes the audience .
with intelligence and care
most pleasurable movies
one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati
the adjective ` gentle ' applies
is a success .
but certainly not without merit
showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase
its excellent use
's fun for kids of any age .
is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure .
is surprisingly brilliant
wickedly funny , visually engrossing ,
is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years
's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times
period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans
makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal
all movie
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified
compelling
comic relief
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance
cheery and tranquil
absorbing character study by andré turpin .
that strikes a very resonant chord
a new kind of high
colorful , joyous celebration
succeeds as a well-made evocation
embellished by editing
son of the bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .
from pinnacle to pinnacle
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad
say it was a guilty pleasure
of both adventure and song
a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story
being very funny
this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
the best disney movie
energy and innovation
shock-you-into-laughter
is worth the price of admission .
the john wayne classics
is a masterfully
films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
every bit as distinctive
powerful emotional wallop
has solid acting and a neat premise
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story
an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes
spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
she 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination
achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .
's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho
accumulated enjoyment
griffin & co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
enthrall the whole family
it 's no lie
appeal to women
bittersweet contemporary comedy
to a higher level
offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .
what great cinema can really do
is more timely now than ever .
one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen
this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
alternately touching and funny
pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .
writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
best way
created a beautiful canvas
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .
charm or texture
it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
effecting
plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family
the only entertainment
darkly funny and frequently insightful .
youthful affluence
innovative ' and ` realistic '
vibrant creative instincts
, metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising
's a masterpeice .
thoughtful and rewarding
of the cinema world 's great visual stylists
inimitable scenes
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter '
jewish parents
bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan ''
what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
marvelous verdu
because it is japanese and yet feels universal
proud in its message
irresistibly
seen ( eddie )
throughout this funny film
while the production details are lavish
a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy
unforced comedy-drama
group articulates a flood of emotion .
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature ,
it 's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
good-naturedness
under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .
in the middle of hopeful
amused by the idea
genuinely moving
leads to a satisfying destination
with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
thematically complex
sustains a higher plateau
has merit
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack .
inspiring tale
's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
such high-profile talent serve such literate material
he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
it has fun with the quirks of family life ,
if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm
take you down a familiar road with a few twists
's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .
of good stuff
a smart , steamy mix
must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
shining performance
captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection
those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us
like a precious and finely cut diamond
time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
, this halloween is a gory slash-fest .
a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
( seagal 's )
enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining
love in remembrance
for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
glorified
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of
is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
an epic rather than
as compelling or as believable
the concept is a hoot .
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
's lovely and amazing
an alfred hitchcock movie
visually graceful
splendid actors
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
delving
give exposure to some talented performers
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings
suspenseful enough for older kids but not
a lyrical and celebratory vision
the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers
tasteful little revision works
a reprieve
filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two
strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .
whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is
, even-flowing tone
a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
impressed
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
ingenious
a sexy , surprising romance
sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .
define a generation
is still worth
a flawed but engrossing thriller .
endearing cast
'd be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow .
( at least ) moore is a real charmer .
a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative
especially clever
has wonderfully funny moments
infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm
i 'll go out on a limb .
as beautifully shaped and
howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective .
their own rhythm
will want to see over and over again
sophisticated , discerning taste
will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
long and eventful spiritual journey
nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
-- and timely
love moore or
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and
in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script
about ten
with amazing finesse
team
prolific director
like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
ghandi
, kinky fun
refreshed and
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .
form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
the phenomenal , water-born cinematography
production values & christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze
played and smartly directed .
has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury ,
a beautiful , aching sadness
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy
does so without compromising that complexity
explosive physical energy and
only belly laughs
nice , harmless
damned funny
has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history .
who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .
the down-to-earth bullock
pleasing at its best moments
is often very funny
the most oddly honest hollywood document of all
with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel
definitely funny stuff
kafka
it 's a very sincere work
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ;
that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals
that delivers a surprising
you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
lyrical and celebratory
career-best performances
sixties ' rockumentary milestones
endearing about it .
whenever you think you 've figured out late marriage
sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
director michael cacoyannis
is breathtaking
yet , it must be admitted ,
fairly solid
roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
definitely tasty and sweet
balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams
that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
layered and stylistic
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession
anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .
ambiguous and nothing
's all the stronger because of it
art-house to the core
she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion
, it may just scare the pants off you .
mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete
, ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
and yet , it still works .
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand
an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion
of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
fine-looking film
who could too easily become comic relief in any other film
content merely
hot
if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
a bold biographical fantasia
using an endearing cast
sweet treasure and something
great companion piece
holds itself
the theater in the first 10 minutes
a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience
devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .
slick
, madonna 's cameo does n't suck !
i could n't recommend this film more .
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film
often hilarious .
miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
beauty reeks
sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
cinematic appeal
at the right film
written
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled ,
but also nicely done
acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts
succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad
-- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
's mildly entertaining
there 's a plethora of characters in this picture ,
, ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
bright , inventive
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea ,
benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
make a classic theater piece
a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale
a ploddingly melodramatic structure
satisfying summer blockbuster
the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this
nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants
of being able to give full performances
denuded
existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god
a fresh idea
`` home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen
film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . '
means to face your fears
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone
, stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
shapes history
pretty watchable
a japan bustling
one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness
fiercely clever and subtle
is an object lesson in period filmmaking
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood
some interesting storytelling devices
engaging fantasy
is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you
an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
be , by its art and heart , a necessary one
power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
while cleverly worked out
smartly and
like a true star
of intelligence or invention
so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation
upscale
material realm
of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
, featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .
signature style
zings all the way
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious
hugely entertaining and
to the integrity and vision of the band
a little more special
cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .
a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips
the film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .
sustain laughs
mannerisms and self-indulgence
is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend
has a fluid , no-nonsense authority
you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller
girl-meets-girl romantic comedy
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .
witty and sophisticated
more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .
intermittently hilarious
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis .
to some talented performers
a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
itself is about something very interesting and odd that
guest appearance
me
is thought-provoking .
has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .
sports
we 're drawn in by the dark luster .
gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .
can actually feel good
wilson and murphy
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .
a-list players
made the full monty a smashing success ...
it , offering fine acting moments and pungent
propels
transcends ethnic lines
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .
warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family
one of the best gay love stories ever made
with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .
seem smart and well-crafted in comparison
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free
its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale
find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
swooning elegance
viscerally exciting
leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending
a stirring , funny and
mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh .
a tremendous piece of work
absorbing
really gives the film its oomph
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance
silly summer entertainment
is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving
goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice .
, david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
rich and intelligent film
brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman
may be lovely
, there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
shock and amaze
it were , well , more adventurous
more accurately , it 's moving
making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female
( a ) satisfying niblet
engages
fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .
curiosity factors
provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial .
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
you 'll enjoy this movie .
birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
one terrific score and
shreve 's graceful dual narrative
hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
's a very very strong `` b + . ''
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario ,
for good
is highly pleasurable .
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor ,
is a masterfully conducted work
that constantly defies expectation
the unmistakable stamp of authority
it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
beautiful ,
the artwork is spectacular and
humorous observations
nifty plot line
strongest and most touching movie of recent years
tear their eyes away from the screen
this dumas adaptation entertains
most practiced
intolerant
though it was written for no one , but somehow
sexual and romantic tension
in which the script and characters hold sway
emotional conviction
majidi shoe-loving
competence
an absolute delight
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration
their place in the world
mr. deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
satisfying complete
the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
it will be ,
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho ,
thrilling
the always hilarious meara
come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films
his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon
it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
from burkina faso
unabashedly romantic picture
it 's a funny no-brainer
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
this region and
for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .
a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction
's what makes their project so interesting
got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane
's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room .
intelligent , realistic portrayal
funnier than being about something
a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history
all the way
other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or
convincing way
... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
trial movie
is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )
servicable world war ii drama
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet
rodrigues 's
an accessible introduction as well as
an energetic , violent movie
than a more measured or polished production ever could
a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .
's more enjoyable than i expected , though
wonderfully funny moments
of fresh air
, resistance and artistic transcendence
funny ( sometimes hilarious )
agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
a fairly impressive debut
the best ensemble casts of the year
what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
shines through every frame .
at every opportunity to do something clever
a younger lad
much to recommend the film
the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit
life
a cutesy romantic tale
uplifting , funny and wise
as little cleavage
a rather unique approach to documentary
this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly
( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
with a sensitivity
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york
capture the minds and hearts of many
memorable directorial debut
comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband
the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges .
dramatic enough to sustain interest
it 's a very very strong `` b + . ''
just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity
on the santa clause 2
if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
funny and
, xxx is a blast of adrenalin ,
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past
a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic
may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .
playful paranoia
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .
of softheaded metaphysical claptrap
enjoy yourselves without feeling conned
enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events
worked wonders with the material
the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger .
are what makes it worth the trip to the theater .
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
good music
thematic resonance
high drama
appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy
an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run
a moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
this quality band may pick up new admirers
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '
a superior moral tone
over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
a unique culture
be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors
's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
a therapeutic zap of shock treatment
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo
, the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen
is better than you might think
biggest names
a more credible script
good line
earnest
while the humor is recognizably plympton
her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled
to ensnare its target audience .
move over bond ;
delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening
glides
a realistic , non-exploitive approach
with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty
more timely in its despairing vision of corruption
of a particular theatrical family
rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
the most impressive player
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams
majestic achievement
transcendent love story
vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .
unerring
a vibrant , colorful world
, an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
uncomfortably timely , relevant ,
to think about the ways we consume pop culture
with unblinking candor
i ca n't wait to see what the director does next
digital photography
its face
captivates
of masters of both
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming
often watchable
the film is not only a love song to the movies but
a new treasure of the hermitage
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache .
, confident
worthwhile effort
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all
a longtime tolkien fan
a weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media subcultures .
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .
emotionally and spiritually compelling
revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style
icily brilliant
it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
using an endearing cast , writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
gloriously goofy way
'' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution
more than enough sentimental catharsis
delights and
ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments --
is what we call the ` wow ' factor
all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations
more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
gives his best screen performance
otherwise comic narrative
to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
an extraordinary poignancy , and the story
of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking
very tasteful rock
by and large this is mr. kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since the doors .
a tasteful , intelligent manner
an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama
has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .
delightful
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .
the movie is silly beyond comprehension ,
the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
watching spy
sure hand
i killed my father compelling
a surgeon mends a broken heart
a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability
philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and
one of the very best movies
a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
luckiest viewers
if you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''
catches dramatic fire .
find compelling
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor .
a step further , richer
sheer beauty
's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
some surprises
, dark beauty
it 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career .
it 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .
it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .
in the manner of a golden book sprung to life
a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you
, maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master
turns that
's refreshing
sharply comic and surprisingly touching
feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark
notable for its sheer audacity and openness
it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
rate annie
rekindles
good natured
he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey
what made you love it
it a party worth attending
a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion
sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait
ferrara 's
a bit exploitative but also nicely done ,
a quaint ,
the clever credits roll
of complacency
that rare movie
such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy
fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte
well-contructed
works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
humor and pathos
stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter
invaluable record
not a bad way to spend an hour or two
dramedy '
you feel good ,
's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
, shiri is a must for genre fans .
, is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
gentlemen
gentle jesus
asia , where ms. shu is an institution
beautifully made
the affection of that moral favorite
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop
blast
was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends
manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .
that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .
intermittently powerful
's quite an achievement
which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
a lynch-like vision
popcorn
rising
can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
vividly
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ...
riveting story
make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey
smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and
has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
barker movie
some cute moments , funny scenes
, but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
satisfying evening
hearts and minds
to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude
is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power
even delectable
this crazy life
is a director to watch .
how to win the battle
is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing
recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it
gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements ,
gets the look and the period trappings right
the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations
good period reconstruction
a tasty performance
required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike
befallen every other carmen before her
`` birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
amusing personalities
chan has done in the united states
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ...
without you has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
charming , sometimes infuriating
builds its multi-character story
that embraces its old-fashioned themes
spirited
recommend it for its originality
very compelling ,
the enjoyable undercover brother ,
does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it
romantic tale
's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .
there are some laughs in this movie , but
that will keep them guessing
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .
does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
though it 's equally solipsistic in tone
filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope
its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome
he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up
broke out into elaborate choreography
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist ,
film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life
very entertaining , thought-provoking film
at least passably real
for the quirky
real documentary
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story
, this is even better than the fellowship .
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .
cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .
as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films
, with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
comfy
younger lad
see it for his performance if nothing else .
` true story '
the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics
, just for them
interesting
be delightfully compatible
a charmer
adrenalin
to love the piano teacher
enough cool fun here
deserves a place of honor
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works
leave you speaking in tongues
love in the time of money
to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .
consider it ` perfection .
as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system
sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen
a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides
fraction
it suits the script
moving and revelatory
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
it belongs on the big screen
scenes brim
backbone
hugely imaginative and successful
that proceeds
, er , bubbly
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama
's also nice
this unique and entertaining twist
become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .
's an adventure story and history lesson all in one
greatest date movies
having an old friend
has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy
alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him
hélène angel is definitely a director to watch .
many genuine cackles
a worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations
while remaining true to his principles
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension
powerful rather than cloying
turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
intriguing , provocative stuff
heroine
hooked
clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own
privy to
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .
the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel
wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers
its best
an irrepressible passion
a party worth attending
scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting
it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes
finely detailed
, reflective and beautifully
adaptation is simply brilliant .
chase to end all chases
any enjoyment
if i stay positive
the original hit movie
deserves more than a passing twinkle
how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too
intelligence and
hard to resist
working-class subjects
right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat ,
go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories
the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
a work of extraordinary journalism
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan
an engaging
is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff
a strong and unforced supporting cast
delivered in grand passion
nolan 's penetrating undercurrent
crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment
that the journey is such a mesmerizing one
's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
it 's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .
a thoughtful what-if
lots of laughs
is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) ,
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre
take us by surprise ...
a film of freshness , imagination and insight
graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake .
utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film
thrill you , touch you and
even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
love him
sweet , genuine
, it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
advancing
the right direction
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style
fits
the young actors , not very experienced ,
, dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
loved the people onscreen ,
first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer .
rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
, oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly
'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama
the success of undercover brother
a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .
assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony
of funny situations and honest observations
certainly clever in spots
your ego
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted
holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
in its perfect quiet pace
this is one of the year 's best films .
it 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .
emotional and moral
very ambitious project
, it is clearly a good thing .
superbly acted offbeat thriller
shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
incredibly flexible
caton-jones
a surprising , subtle turn
that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
nice
luscious
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .
watchable up
thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one
eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it
the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings
is astonishing
the first movie
french malapropisms
might actually want to watch .
is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country
concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
a moving and weighty depiction
a no-holds-barred cinematic
knows how to hold the screen
`` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years
a worthwhile addition
with restraint and a delicate ambiguity
to feel funny and light
the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china .
've completely
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and
fascinating little thriller
's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .
quietly vulnerable
the exuberant openness
but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while .
is the director 's talent
is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels
bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality
win any academy awards
this movie worth seeing
wryly amusing
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .
more complex
balances both traditional or modern stories
an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood
captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly --
make the film relevant today ,
an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty
a riot
pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter
despite the opulent lushness of every scene
another best
comical
maggie g. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
by this gentle comedy
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution
it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags
the most important and exhilarating forms
able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
it 's the image that really tells the tale .
be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity
vivid characters and
something for everyone .
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
with a moral
achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation
few early laughs
transcends
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .
the original new testament stories so compelling
safe
for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note .
, for the most part , credible
their parents
the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .
starts off witty and sophisticated
makes this movie worth seeing
of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances
most creative mayhem
with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
fun factor
original fantasy film
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .
cinematic experience
reach much further than we imagine
make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see
a no-holds-barred cinematic treat .
second helpings
the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
of its sense of fun or energy
breathtakingly assured and stylish work
let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best ,
praise
exquisite
for most of the characters
big ending surprise
amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers
that the film is never dull
sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama
a niche hit
the brawn , but not
make for a winning , heartwarming yarn
upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product
accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
chilling , unnerving film
has become the master of innuendo .
a winning comedy
the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession
of passion , grief and fear
the hours represents two of those well spent
the auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination
the shocking conclusion
deals with first love sweetly
creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
in all fairness
laid-back
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself
made the original men in black such a pleasure
while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
stirring ,
pure craft
that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and
for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
a good match
attractive about this movie
goodness
, in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions
part of the charm of satin rouge
're on the edge of your seat
the works of an artist
edge to it
its director could ever have dreamed
to easy feel-good sentiments
is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be
wise and deadpan humorous .
've a taste for the quirky
it 's provocative stuff ,
to accomplish what few sequels can
a memorable directorial debut
passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices .
zinger-filled
bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
to a sunshine state
introspective and
shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
emotionally strong and
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material ,
beloved
transcendent performance
an oscar
is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon
that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow
the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking ,
dramatic arc
an extraordinary poignancy ,
multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors
take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis
is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks
while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying
its apparent glee
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers
surprisingly decent
it offers hope
an experience that is richer than anticipated
style and humor
most magical and most
something for everyone
it looks neat
it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors
the scarifying
it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
strongly
needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese
'' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
sensitive , cultivated treatment
both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one
shockers since the evil dead
's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure
... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama
comes along every day
always entertaining ,
a good natured warning
succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing
a fascinating part of theater history
understandable
feel-good movie
a much better documentary
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
the performances are uniformly good .
the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings
blood work is for you .
into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
at times uncommonly moving
helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative
art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
moved by this drama
richly detailed
'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .
simple title
the nonstop artifice
coupled with pitch-perfect acting
in its courageousness , and comedic employment
guessing at almost every turn
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
winning flight of revisionist fancy
most ingenious
bliss
happily
much about the ownership and redefinition of myth
illustrated by a winning family story .
y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .
a strong education and
deeply absorbing
flawless film ,
of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival
is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
there 's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
this romantic comedy
includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '
light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .
gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
engagingly
honest working man john q. archibald ,
offbeat thriller
warm
into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes
showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ...
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
rewards
are fantastic .
emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .
what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script
elevate
is as delightful
the balance between the fantastic and the believable
there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all
affirm
's willing to express his convictions
warm and exotic .
mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
brings the proper conviction
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile ,
but fun .
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear
for human connection
quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin
this film 's impressive performances and adept direction
an attention to detail
considerable skill and determination ,
mainstream hollywood
masterpiece .
, it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .
would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before
comes together as a coherent whole
thought it was going to be
have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart
adam watstein with finishing it at all
naturally dramatic
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
bledel
best of all
with a life-affirming message
that already knows it 's won
is a successful one .
yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart
with lots of laughs
a con artist and
wild , endearing , masterful
realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .
are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude
, iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
this man so watchable
really work
creative interference
seduce and conquer
as inspiring
oscar-winning
well-directed and , for all its moodiness ,
firing on all cylinders
get at something
, eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare .
( danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
an epiphany
fierce competition
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious --
in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
honestly nice
engaging and intimate first feature
comforting fantasies
and likeable characters
their super-dooper-adorability intact
a lighthearted glow
steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
sly female empowerment movie
it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
it 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat .
the multi-layers of its characters
intoxicating atmosphere
overall feelings , broader ideas
a well-deserved reputation as one
is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band
is heartfelt and hilarious
excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts
as in the songs translate well to film
benefits from serendipity
in a very real and amusing give-and-take
, smartly played and smartly directed .
detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
that will amuse or entertain them
a great movie
a stunning fusion of music and images
their lives , loves and the art
satisfying kids flck
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .
sweeping and gliding
both charming
is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight
is a refreshingly forthright one
lust
the pristine camerawork
satisfies ,
jackass '' fan
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .
the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work .
it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .
engrossing and different
will enjoy themselves .
part of the fun
super-dooper-adorability
the legendary wit 's
an ounce of honest poetry
it 's worth seeing
the russian word for wow !? '
does an established filmmaker
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating ,
took of the family vacation
director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline
she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
eager fans
's a movie that gets under your skin
a love song to the movies
as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson
it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose
life-embracing
by the full monty
for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats
ca n't help but feel ` stoked
has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .
a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
the occasional bursts of sharp writing
feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids
have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
truly gorgeous
intacto 's luckiest stroke
the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .
funny and human and really
critically insightful
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
in a fresh way
a successful adaptation and
good performances
us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
genuinely funny ensemble
an enjoyable film
is funny , charming and quirky
intelligent , and
are uniformly good
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house
a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud
truly magical
biggest
energetic , violent movie
funny without hitting below the belt
pristine camerawork
top-notch cast
it 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
fruitful
an original and highly cerebral examination
an emotional edge
inventive directors
directed with verve
babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway
perfectly executed and
this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama
keenest pleasures
the power of poetry and passion
a great time
compulsively watchable
an attraction that crosses sexual identity
lagaan really is enormously good fun .
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings .
to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch
one good one
aliens and
wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
some of the unsung heroes of 20th century
its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering
made him feel powerful
a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude
the delicious pulpiness
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .
its utter sincerity
... continue to impress
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy .
is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
for historical truth and realism
a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential
it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` look at this !
a gleefully grungy
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that
we call the ` wow ' factor
eating , sleeping and stress-reducing
lively songs
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys
pretty good overall picture
that trademark grin of his --
an enjoyably
revenge , and romance
derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining
elusive , yet inexplicably
plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations
like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .
transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
profound
something really good
into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
sing beautifully and act adequately
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable
an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
credible
good , organic character work
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach
a balanced film
's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated
neighborhood
, the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .
grant 's two best films
, the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
bracing
benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth
understands how to create and sustain a mood
an enthralling ,
hailed
a gorgeous pair
a successful career in tv
evolved from star to superstar
is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .
a remarkable piece of filmmaking
be very sweet indeed
uncanny
loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them
are in place for a great film noir
is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
something vital
its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line )
the greatest films
is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
remains fairly light ,
spiritual
creative
romance
instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair
of beautiful movement and inside information
while not quite `` shrek '' or `` monsters , inc. '' , it 's not too bad .
it 's an entertaining movie ,
... the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit
tight and nasty
modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare .
john hughes comedy
that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
ever-growing category
got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem
generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal
does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
what a film can be
sweet-tempered comedy
relegated to the background -- a welcome step
the film 's highlight
is deeply concerned with morality
his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses
naipaul original
of a good time for both children and parents
, songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience
crisper and
be wholesome and subversive at the same time
a strong directorial stamp
although what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
the thrill of the chill
an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart
, de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
best movies
is simple but absorbing
victor rosa is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
one of cinema 's directorial giants
reassuring manner
always entertaining , and
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year ,
energizes
wild comedy
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera
flashes of warmth and gentle humor
of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience
into something provocative , rich , and strange
, red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans
watch , giggle and
favored
the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards
woven together skilfully
the big-screen scooby
is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt
there 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .
captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse
eloquent
are canny and spiced with irony
the charm of the first movie
a dazzling conceptual feat
even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts
it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
an enthralling , entertaining feature .
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible
as good as the original
sex and lucia is so alluring
with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication
succumbs to sensationalism
south park
a charming but slight comedy
is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring
enamored
seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes
few movies are able to accomplish
with its moving story
sillier , cuter , and
loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful
ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important
the charm of kevin kline and
it 's all quite tasteful to look at
equal laughs
a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from
maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
give performances of exceptional honesty .
beauty to behold
vivid as the 19th-century ones
darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
minor miracle
boobs
its creator 's comic voice
that have become a spielberg trademark
this movie got me grinning .
is a distinct rarity , and an event .
sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell
a beautiful , entertaining two hours
lasting traces
... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...
become a major-league leading lady
the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
smarter
bring off this wild welsh whimsy .
stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory .
wonderful , ghastly
worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .
will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .
almost every single facet of production
the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .
psychologically savvy
, some of it is honestly affecting
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .
unexpected twists
strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .
so gracefully
carries it to unexpected heights
are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film
become a historically significant work
a black comedy ,
a lovably old-school hollywood confection
win you over ,
and communicates something
's hard to resist his enthusiasm ,
real turns
when they see the joy the characters take in this creed
a terrific date movie
smart , sassy
seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good
is definitely worth seeing
texture and realism
finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
is just such an achievement
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ... `` my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart ...
's truly deserving of its oscar nomination
could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
the small , human moments
of the tooth and claw of human power
the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection
is a real charmer .
the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady
may well
with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .
gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington
resourceful
his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch
wickedly funny
wonderful subject
gentle film
to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
will lead when given the opportunity
got a house full of tots -- do n't worry
try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there .
also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular
very well-written and very well-acted
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works
zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos
engages
pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia
make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
an actual vietnam war combat movie
retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
a first-class road movie that proves you
a slap-happy series
to rank with its worthy predecessors
in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol
a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
the most interesting writer/directors
would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
enhances the personal touch of manual animation
give it a marginal thumbs up
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .
featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .
niches
are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
enjoyable
powerful , naturally dramatic piece
with good intentions
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise
not mean-spirited
black hawk down and we
a likable story
exceedingly
while the last metro ) was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
are breathtaking
often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication
like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle
these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective
build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman
's gone to manhattan and hell
may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness
... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
also nice
's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
sillier , cuter
animation enthusiasts of all ages
a rather brilliant little cult item
an intense and effective film
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance ,
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots
the world 's best actors ,
neo-augustinian theology : is god
really funny
it 's an entertaining movie
the film 's cheeky charm
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
lead a group of talented friends
the things that made the first one charming
way to entertain or inspire its viewers
crafted import
fascinating character study
xerox of other , better crime movies
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
charming in comedies like american pie and
very interesting and
powerful , inflammatory film
spare dialogue and
's just brilliant in this .
have tremendous chemistry
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and
nails hard -
moves between heartbreak and rebellion
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film
, the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players .
the salton sea has moments of inspired humor , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .
eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection
offer some modest amusements
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
through some of clancy 's holes
but they fascinate in their recklessness .
a modestly surprising movie
seem genuine rather than pandering
offers hope
in its splendor
his best screen
have .
with its subjects
the utter authority of a genre gem
illuminating study
their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact
light the candles , bring out the cake
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .
's as good
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five .
mostly believable
concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn
love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
powerful and satisfying
its compassionate spirit
have rarely seen
, heartwarming film
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) .
hold dear about cinema ,
is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense
is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events
reopens an interesting controversy and
exciting new filmmaker
whether or not you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death ,
action-packed an experience
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .
a feat
`` catch me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal
i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .
its director 's most substantial feature for some time .
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .
sentimental chick-flicks
is , quite pointedly ,
addition to scoring high for originality of plot
holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
is instructive
is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters ,
just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded
a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization
the mood for an intelligent weepy
take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense
duvall 's throbbing sincerity and
a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful do the right thing .
smoother
this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists
that grips and holds you in rapt attention from
to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us
a story about intelligent high school
finely crafted
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal
's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon
yet , it still works .
has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil
extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .
, sorrow , laugther , and tears
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before
time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies
benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing
talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate
gets drawn into the party .
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book )
does her best
a lot of stamina and vitality
seeing himself in the other ,
its ability to shock and amaze
quite a comedy nor
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places
cleverly constructed scenario
consumed by lust and love
fascinating documentary
gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels
, often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy
is a good one
a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe .
was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal
of the best looking and stylish
a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .
of you-are-there immediacy
sterling ensemble cast
a charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
has usually
show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
holocaust escape story
a good yarn
more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air
it counts heart as important as humor
a touching drama about old age and grief
it 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .
the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening .
picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film
a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light
is surprisingly refreshing
is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story
laughs at how clever it 's being .
about issues most adults have to face in marriage
a coherent rhythm going
a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre
one-of-a-kind work
happy hour
's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues
sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time
completely honest , open-hearted film
take notice
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
as often imaginative
a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded
a true-blue delight .
marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich
's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal
fresh , entertaining comedy
never change .
with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships
will have a great time
, slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
intelligent
candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand
somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
a weirdly beautiful place
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing .
i liked about schmidt a lot ,
that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady
surehanded direction
style and mystification
sophisticated and
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .
in a more ambitious movie
humorous and
her considerable talents
riveted
a far bigger , far more meaningful story
a complex psychological drama
all excited about a chocolate eclair
a sense of real magic , perhaps .
breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry
gaining most of its unsettling force
wonderfully
cross between xxx and vertical limit .
funny , subtle , and resonant
invulnerable as its trademark villain
is about something very interesting and odd that
of the credit for the film 's winning tone
best and most mature
insightfully written , delicately performed
interest onscreen
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary
it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience
the ideas tie together beautifully
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but
a splendid meal
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen
is a gem
come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music
hilarious
, light treat
also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '
places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
meshes in this elegant entertainment
promising
anchored by splendid performances
just a bunch of good actors
of attraction and interdependence
the gorgeously elaborate continuation
fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
sinister happy ending
all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters
a hilarious place to visit
the engaging ,
entertaining comedy
the film has an infectious enthusiasm
is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
of awakening and ripening
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man
, at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project
good , sonny
delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride
, the director 's experiment is a successful one .
surprisingly refreshing
written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit
as an entertainment destination for the general public
such an excellent job
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic
more fascinating look
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
a fine , focused piece of work
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .
utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .
breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill
are masterfully controlled
is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul
ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
a sleek advert for youthful anomie
as ' a perfect family film
a successful example
of familial separation and societal betrayal
great credit
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie
a few tasty morsels
highly gifted 12-year-old
a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival
oral storytelling frozen onto film
but quietly effective
are funny
terrific as rachel
can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
, you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
human drama
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
very top
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
's good enough to be the purr
the smartest
up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits
a return to pure disney
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .
is phenomenal , especially the women
larger-than-life figure
rare and riveting
a family film
elegant visual sense
are worth the price of admission
of being a good documentarian
very predictable but still entertaining
a christmas perennial
meticulous talent
solid performances
genuinely funny jokes
is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
have finally aged past his prime ...
do n't judge this one too soon
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen
rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .
consistently funny .
animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers
a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike
its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
be over
the euphoria of growing up
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us
has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
it 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .
celebrate
as good , if not better
throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit
quite tasty and inviting all the same
movies , television and the theater
irony-free
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ...
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and
most fascinating stories
of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year
rapid-fire delivery
makes up for with its heart
effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
it takes chances that are bold by studio standards
opened it up for all of us to understand
a worthy substitute
brow
there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie
sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty
unique and entertaining
mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay
to the always hilarious meara and levy
create and sustain
one of our best actors
beacon of hope
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film
about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie
look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .
such a fine idea
astonish
, there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
, the last kiss is really all about performances .
and small delights
it 's up to ( watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and
as a piece of storytelling
a few nice twists in a standard plot
fascinating than the results
get inside you
's still a sweet , even delectable diversion
death to smoochy is often very funny ,
it throws you for a loop .
something provocative ,
assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique
goodfellas
on both suspense and payoff
passionate
is downright movie penance
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill
its greatest play
the most amazing super-sized dosage
... wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
coppola 's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
reworks
the transcendent performance
exceptional thriller
gripping and compelling
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .
tsai 's usual style and themes
bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics
its inventiveness
guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face
crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance
one of the most original american productions this year
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie
finds a nice rhythm .
deserves recommendation
my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart
a child 's interest and
although olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
high-powered
an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre
they turn out to be delightfully compatible here
, you 'll have a good time with this one too
wild ride ''
ingeniously
marks a modest if encouraging return
hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less
, and fearlessness
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being
is clever
gets off with a good natured warning
though writer/director bart freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance .
is worth your time
, fun , curiously adolescent movie
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so
's an entertaining movie
done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast
an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger
susan sarandon
very valuable
a nice cool glass of iced tea
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo
only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
complex , unpredictable character
on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis
means a great movie
done cinematically
mostly believable ,
is so warm and fuzzy
clearly see the world of our making .
dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
to the core
it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
really what we demand of the director
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time
gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside
even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half
marshall keeps the energy humming , and
all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
far closer than many movies
, swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
`` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme
a music scene that transcends culture and race
a solid , well-formed satire
it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it
, at times sublime ,
introspective and entertaining
's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
that makes his films so memorable
a feature-length film
write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody
good fun
fashioned an absorbing look
but what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
's a funny no-brainer
do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
the upper echelons of the directing world
an interested detachment
form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
did n't talk down to them
discovered , indulged in
a little bit of romance and a dose
there 's something about mary and both american pie movies
, fun cheese puff
suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life
all the mounting tension of an expert thriller
colorful look
fluttering
wonderful
directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree
reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
gasping at its visual delights
and civic action laudable
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance
, spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
an impeccable study in perversity .
are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
ebullient affection
hard-hitting documentary
brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him
sometimes hilarious )
attracting audiences to unfaithful
such a mesmerizing one
defies expectation
remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away .
greatest musicians
just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .
it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
is laughingly enjoyable
there are laughs aplenty
while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .
adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay
a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle
best screen
gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience
memorable experience
knows , and very likely
convinced that these women are spectacular
this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
silly
denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film
the illusion of work is than actual work
`` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings
an undeniable energy
is spooky and subtly
, and funny
the beauty and power of the opera
funny , moving
exists ,
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .
whimsicality ,
, letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
, the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
-- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified
responsible
clever
sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
the highs and lows
look sophisticated
his passion
nice , harmless date film
'' astounds .
memorable and
different ( and better )
spicy
a delicately crafted film
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .
to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally
a screenplay to die for
its objective portrait
're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
metal , fireballs and revenge
find an enthusiastic audience
remarkable amount
fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .
with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch
reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
an often intense character study about fathers
romantic comedy with a fresh point of view
most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure
and educational !
a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection
laughter
they used to anymore
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny
affirming
as we
flavor and spice
a beguiling evocation
a delicious crime drama on par
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
understands the workings of its spirit
first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan
just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
's black hawk down with more heart
enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess
enormously enjoyable
a moving and stark reminder
well-meaning , beautifully produced film
's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story
playful and
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power .
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny ,
, it does so without compromising that complexity .
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension
, with a solid cast ,
achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions
a treatise on spirituality
determination and the human spirit
the beauty
has done the nearly impossible
, i 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time .
a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films
more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
ayres makes the right choices at every turn
sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material
( herzog 's ) personal policy
dramatic
for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half .
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
hilariously wicked black comedy ...
be more complex than your average film
ideal outlet
despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
intimate and intelligent
yet i found it weirdly appealing
a fun adventure movie
immaculate
's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
delightful .
to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter
increasingly important film industry
that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
lets the pictures do the punching
brutal and funny
perry 's good
some special qualities
's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
something fresh to say
of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists
who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us
such confidence
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller
a great performance and
fulfill
guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters
rock solid family fun out of the gates
inventing
acclaim
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage
is good
of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
you can actually feel good
hilariously
a summertime look-see
you live the mood rather than savor the story .
above the rest
carry the film
round out the square edges .
absorbs all manner of lame entertainment
eerily
payne has created a beautiful canvas
are the greatest musicians of all time .
makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
the quirky
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography ,
as a mechanical apparatus
imaginatively
emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective
ranks as the most original in years
are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away
) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .
food-spittingly
on top
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
no trouble sitting for blade ii
it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
considered career-best performances
the film is extremely thorough .
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light
exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
a glimmer of intelligence or invention
provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway
jeunet
has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line )
a small movie with a big heart .
are fantasti
a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music
wise and deadpan
no , it 's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .
surprisingly romantic
, the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones
appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce
fun and
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
exceedingly pleasant
unflinching look
about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
of new inspiration in it
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
postcard perfect
's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and
it 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
otherwise excellent film
when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen
within the seas of their personalities
the chatter
strong
in this marvelous film
this a remarkable and novel concept
of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
delivered in low-key style
candid , archly funny
goes right
starts out with tremendous promise ,
has humor and heart and very talented young actors
about their budding amours
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .
can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
a powerful sequel and
all great films about a life you never knew existed
you-are-there immediacy
it 's propelled by the acting
your interest , your imagination , your empathy
is a former film editor
a riveting , brisk delight
sweet and
whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
keen eye ,
there is a real subject here , and
a sharp and quick documentary
oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
on intimate relationships
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
in its characterizations
no wrong
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies
it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
, the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
, it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
's much to recommend the film .
the art direction is often exquisite , and
this film , which may be why it works as well as it does
its unerring respect for them
true talent
with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
peak
is never dull
not to mention absolutely refreshed .
a single good film
explode
care
interesting effort
receive
any other kind of intelligent humor
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but
a really special walk in the woods
, this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
in constant fits of laughter
that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood
`` austin powers in goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
achieving some honest insight into relationships
one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger
that suck the audience in
energy and wit
real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising --
is bright and flashy in all the right ways
both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters
to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
with a philosophical visual coming right
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching
is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story
giggles
is that it 's actually watchable .
marvel again
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .
quite tasteful to look at
a deft pace master
with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically
best little
simone is not a bad film .
precious new star wars movie
my loved ones
skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional
radioactive hair
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
is small in scope , yet perfectly formed
i thoroughly enjoyed the love story
grows on you
's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say
the film buzz and whir ;
it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
beautifully shot , but
infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent
this is a heartfelt story
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and
this little $ 1.8 million charmer
easy to swallow ,
has been made with an enormous amount of affection
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and
venture forth
visually captivating .
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures
, signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
a first-class road movie
her good looks
biographical melodramas
to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .
good guy
a very good film
great premise
a summer
draws you
left me feeling refreshed and hopeful
intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular
good-natured fun
is serene , the humor wry and sprightly
plus
surprisingly charming and even witty match
the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport
good action ,
remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control --
should catch this imax offering .
catching solely on its visual merits
i liked about schmidt a lot
the elements were all there
has created a brilliant motion picture
for a winning , heartwarming yarn
whimsicality , narrative discipline
lighting effects and innovative backgrounds
charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
lovably
, and among the best films of the year .
a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view
the burning sensation
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice .
martha enormously endearing
the performances are amiable and committed , and
fixating
sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't .
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish
riveting
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
with the inescapable conclusion
notorious rise
satisfyingly scarifying ,
to have their kids
makes it a party worth attending .
as imaginative as one might have hoped
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed .
british comedy .
the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible
is far from disappointing
draws its considerable power from simplicity .
smoochy
delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .
of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
of the greatest date movies in years
too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction
is extremely thorough .
a talented director
a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
you will likely enjoy this monster
assuredly
always the prettiest pictures
giddy viewing
pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming
family-oriented
is a pretty decent little documentary
cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass .
keenly
he brings together
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
an enjoyable comedy
give full performances
a great idea
affecting , amusing , sad and reflective
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters
the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
the sensational true-crime
followed through
many different ideas from happiness
cultural intrigue
heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
to a picture-perfect beach
an objective documentary
, sets the tone for a summer of good stuff
intriguing questions
a respectable new one
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie
scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug
poignant and
full of life and small delights
if you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .
which may be why it works as well as it does
those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
of the movie 's charm
in its own direction
, like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall !
bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' )
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and
fascinating and
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often ,
remains the real masterpiece
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists
magnificent
manic and energetic
the best irish sense
comfortably
grant is certainly amusing ,
and moving portrait
franchise possibilities
's on par with the first one
to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
caring for animals and respecting other cultures
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .
the wit and hoopla
is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view ,
in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to
comes out on video
has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
gentle , mesmerizing portrait
is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does
a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche
have to give them credit for : the message of the movie
whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story
perfect comic timing
be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey
it is a good and ambitious film
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette .
stay in touch with your own skin
this deeply moving french drama
an athlete , a movie star ,
works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh
of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies
spirit is a visual treat
how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn
pure adrenalin
puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers
the relationships were wonderful
positively shakesperean
even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin
own preciousness
humanism
and even touching
fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling
a good alternative
hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
in the pianist
more appropriate
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself
an enjoyable above average summer diversion
sucking you in ...
it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
, the movie is certainly easy to watch .
a tiny sense of hope
delicious dialogue
prevails
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .
of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story
quirky comedy
affectionately goofy
has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan
warm and winning
is completely
is just too original to be ignored
best 60 minutes
are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster
that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin
like arnold schwarzenegger
monumental achievement
murphy 's expert comic timing
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for
is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high
a touching love story
a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic
's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community
rent this on video
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .
is powerful and provocative .
an honest attempt to get at something
... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
these characters love each other
benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances
an engrossing and grim portrait
punctuated by sudden shocks
its otherwise comic narrative
reenacting a historic scandal
ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking
will talk about for hours .
the-night
as the most original in years
from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place
regardless of race
the intensity
adorably ditsy but heartfelt
the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing
the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
modern-day comedies
enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit
in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining
glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior
has moments of inspired humor ,
sensuous and
is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure
, yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .
still works .
, provocative and prescient
a sweet , tender sermon
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .
a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma
much about the film , including some of its casting ,
long-lived friendships
sit through it all
holds the screen like a true star
the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way
fantasy
turn on many people to opera , in general
laugh riot
that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience
been done before but never so vividly
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ...
is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
upper west sidey
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film .
both people 's capacity
of good old-fashioned escapism
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away
a bracing
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural --
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
this particular , anciently demanding métier
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly
which is worth seeing
an interesting storyline
harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
succeed in really rattling the viewer
flashy
the backstage angst
will make you laugh
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
visually
a lighthearted glow ,
her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset
enthusiasm ,
for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover
entertaining and audacious moments
fresh air
's just as wonderful on the big screen .
clever and
an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream
to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time
the best korean film of 2002
the big ending surprise
mostly honest
we care about the story
a fun one
a level of connection and concern
there is a great deal of fun .
it is quite a vision .
a winning , heartwarming yarn
fairly basic comedic constructs
seen this summer
ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least
, somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second
a bittersweet film ,
of an authentic feel
a huge box-office hit in korea
restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny
a slick , engrossing melodrama .
... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
, these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
engaging mystery
dramatically satisfying
uncommonly moving
makes the move from pleasing
funny , puzzling movie
rich and intelligent
hope and magic
rattling the viewer
gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game
must-see
more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies
treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion
a '' range
staring
breathes more on the big screen
humbling little film
only thing missing
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby '
are oscar-size
liked it just enough .
such a well-defined sense
casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
inspiration and ambition
the delight of discovery
enough cool
the memorable character creations
preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera
also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
as simultaneously funny ,
very funny romantic comedy
hatosy ... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke
that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival
could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score
one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels .
at best
the enduring strengths of women
fascinating portrait
rocks
to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous
one of the lucky few who sought it out
a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments
favor of an altogether darker side
magnetic as graham
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie .
inventive
giant spider invasion comic chiller
the importance of being earnest
hint
breathless
its playwriting 101 premise
its terrific performances
a party-hearty teen
the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty
single good film
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j. wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
communicate the truth of the world around him
moments of hilarity
genuinely worthwhile
marks the spot .
food
with love for the movies of the 1960s
simply and eloquently
if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox
deep or substantial
is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
elegant work
naiveté and sophistication
pleaser
a series of riveting set pieces
something of a triumph
robert de niro performance
perfect in their roles
has actually bothered to construct a real story this time
the most entertaining bonds
the beauty of alexander payne 's ode to the everyman is in the details .
's better
a divine monument
motherhood
is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement
established filmmaker
scenic
as a comedy
also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss
an earnest study in despair
recommend ``
stunning images and effects
a simple message
one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
even when he 's not at his most critically insightful
everybody loves a david and goliath story ,
the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles
best and most
becomes a part of its fun
shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .
swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .
likable story
crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .
achingly honest and delightfully cheeky
tell its story
one of the best , most
of earnest textbook psychologizing
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann .
thumbs up to paxton
the very top rank of french filmmakers
: the widowmaker is a great yarn .
a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look
enormously good fun
developed
is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material
it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part
you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .
shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .
its opening
good actors , good poetry and good music
is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for
is also beautifully acted .
a strong script ,
, they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
could n't recommend this film more
who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
hollywood movie
savor
with a single
of a certain ambition
is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .
ca n't recommend it enough .
mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush
a satisfactory overview
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes ,
romanticization
worth cheering as a breakthrough
of high hilarity
an engaging , wide-eyed actress
confection that 's pure entertainment .
takes care
grittily beautiful
a rollicking good time
the story subtle and us in suspense
the audience gets pure escapism
the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation
strongest
the pianist is polanski 's best film .
comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle
achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
, being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images
so much first-rate talent
shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
exciting
shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
indie of the year
call it magic
a pretty good job
with an undeniable energy
then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ...
interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective
to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
dreamed up
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
best case
thrills the eye
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
riveting set pieces
entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
be pleasant in spite of its predictability
that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
oftentimes funny , yet
are alternately touching and funny
sweaty-palmed fun
the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
inspired ''
beautiful canvas
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .
gushing --
a good music documentary ,
to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and
a breakthrough in filmmaking
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation
alternately frustrating and rewarding .
whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation
the end that extravagantly redeems it
to recommend it
got it right
if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse
to bodacious
a more credible script ,
he allows nothing to get in the way
effortless performance
( gosling 's ) combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and
surprises or delights
honest observations
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but
filter out the complexity
spend with these people
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone .
simple , poignant and leavened
fun and reminiscent
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement
of the year 's best films
's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .
it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
the year 's best films
the movie 's set
fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious
with humor and lightness
touching movie
, shrek )
terrific job
may pander to our basest desires for payback
as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
this movie makes one thing perfectly clear
splendid production design
veracity
strong script
puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
into such fresh territory
of empathy for its characters
10
the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art
makes his films so memorable
this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
a cinema classic
the tooth and claw of human power
considerable talents
reach much further than we imagine .
of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks
might like and more experimental in its storytelling
full of privileged moments and memorable performances
a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
expands
the fast , funny , and even touching story
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and
the heart as well as
thornberrys movie
have a cute partnership in i spy
the right b-movie frame of mind
very bright
watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and
see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen
eerily accurate depiction of depression
why it works as well as it does
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
of eager fans
its performances
acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand ,
engross even the most antsy youngsters
its moviegoing pleasures
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
give all three stories life
a fairy tale
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but
great character interaction .
bowser
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .
a stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance .
an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals
a glimmer
it 's a ripper of a yarn and
a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people
its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
, really good
mr. scorsese 's
a few other decent ones
the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks
have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
a dickensian hero
the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness
is not easily forgotten
something purer
unconditional
underestimated charm
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback
it 's fun
gets vivid , convincing performances
crafty and
to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time
of a triumph
's the mark of a documentary that works
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .
tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
uplifting , funny and wise .
occasionally fun enough
, warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
from such a great one
road to perdition does display greatness
humorous , illuminating study
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan .
slam-dunk
i laughed throughout the movie
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages
integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
critic-proof
unadulterated thrills
that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful
on an elegant visual sense and a talent
more focused
although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .
sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters
some strong performances
loud and thoroughly
extraordinary debut from josh koury
reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .
and vin diesel is the man .
a well-put-together piece of urban satire
of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd
they will have a showdown
a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours .
love , longing
exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
principled
the unique way shainberg
so heartwarmingly
the film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .
all the more remarkable because it
wise folks that they are
lots of effort and intelligence
leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
90-minute postmodern voyage
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist .
honesty and respect
in his chilling , unnerving film
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
it will warm your heart , and
high water mark
hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking
offers opportunities for occasional smiles and
pays off ,
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .
multi-layered and profoundly
such a clever adaptation
its sunny disposition
great material
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .
lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
show-stoppingly
a grand picture
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .
a sheer unbridled delight
inherently
encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow
an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough
crafted but
children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation
highly polished
sustains it
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director
try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe ,
zippy jazzy score
to the background -- a welcome step
offers rare insight into the structure of relationships
real laughs
sorvino
its sensitive handling
the movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .
than special effects
stylish psychological
cultural differences
more than satisfactory
, it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
meets those standards
fantastic !
, human moments
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing
escape story
fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it ,
told well by a master storyteller
to south seas islanders
together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love
ideas and wry comic mayhem
's a lot richer than the ones
a classic genre
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .
about either the nature of women or
' it also rocks .
fresh
a classical actress
where something 's happening
amusing , tender and heart-wrenching
watchable stuff
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .
diane lane 's sophisticated performance
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
the still-inestimable contribution
innocent , childlike and inherently funny
'll enjoy this movie .
a big , juicy role
though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years .
`` red dragon '' never cuts corners .
such fresh territory
staggeringly compelling character
sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
conventional , but well-crafted
infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
dashing and absorbing
capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere
if you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .
who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts
real visual charge
wise , wizened
worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america
soul-stirring
you can find humor
cultural
both innocent and jaded
brash , intelligent
a well-done film
's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
arresting little ride
conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
disagree
great performance
, e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career .
tell you
scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it
achingly honest and
remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career
masterful work
it does cathartic truth telling
high
argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
the place where a masterpiece should be
bang-up job
have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie
they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
uncompromising
find a spark of its own
, touching
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .
persuasive
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile
a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation
bon appétit !
against itself
poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws
film that will enthrall the whole family .
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .
is , also , frequently hilarious .
is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness .
take nothing seriously and
remains undiminished
the price
a tremendous piece
a fireworks
is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick
a way of seeping into your consciousness
labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
the best and most exciting movies
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people
ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .
follows its standard formula in this animated adventure
a revealing look at the collaborative process
part of being a good documentarian
had a sense of humor
with such sensitivity
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
it 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
the joie de vivre even as he creates
talented friends
to get excited about on this dvd
the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
what 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .
marvelously entertaining and deliriously
purpose and even-handedness
pretty
a sparkling newcomer
many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
employ their quirky and fearless ability
minutely detailed wonders
it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
and interesting characters
she 's pretty and she can act
small in scope , yet perfectly formed
'd be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow
old-fashioned adventure
it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies
, the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining
( fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall ) show us the world they love and make us love it , too .
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
an enjoyable 100 minutes
an elegance and maturity
best actors
signing
remarkable because it
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics
a gripping documentary
has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed .
clear-eyed portrait
dry wit and compassion
lots of cute animals and clumsy people
's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !
can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head
winningly
funny moment
robert duvall
a breath
, the country bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
pack a powerful emotional wallop
eviction
addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that
atypically hypnotic
charming and evoking
all , a great party
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller
well worth watching
written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience
exceedingly rare films
best sports movie
struck a chord in me
successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
art film
salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .
there is greatness here .
not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '
brave , uninhibited performances
the cinematic canon
, look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls
fun .
the best looking and stylish
brilliantly constructed work .
enjoyable comedy
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .
's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.
lopez romantic comedy
mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery
its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls
they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy
wo n't be sorry
have required genuine acting from ms. spears
, unforced
has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .
scoob
a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist
delights
( has ) an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true .
make you reach for the tissues
's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone
will linger long after this film has ended .
has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films
will please eastwood 's loyal fans --
elegantly colorful look
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
, this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
of family tradition and familial community
of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics
, this is the one .
a terrific job
knowledge , education , and
all of this , and more
robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .
tells a fascinating , compelling story
an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love
and engaging film
trembling and gratitude
the grandeur of the best next generation episodes
nothing else to watch
a journey back to your childhood
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera ,
feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .
, it 's as good as you remember .
spiffy bluescreen technique
to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
of the things costner movies are known for
that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating
to finally revel in its splendor
a captivating new film .
greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary .
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does
a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life
is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
deeply appealing
'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
this slick and sprightly cgi feature
is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .
there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
a decent-enough nail-biter
trying to create something original
redeemed
for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb
utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work
drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
killer soundtrack
with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
anchoring
compelling enough
four star performance
sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
is surprisingly brilliant ,
lighthearted
torn book jacket
freshness and spirit
enough of interest onscreen
overcome the triviality of the story
thoroughly engrossing
that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films
is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction
those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up
makes it seem fresh again .
neat premise
the success
a superlative b movie --
otherwise talented
after the clever credits roll
of a river of sadness that pours into every frame
less of a trifle
it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario
be utterly entranced by its subject and
one of the rarest kinds of films
the treat
most beautiful , evocative works
where santa gives gifts to grownups
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks ,
is first-rate , especially sorvino
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and
an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair
vision is beginning to feel
is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
what ( frei ) gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
definitely gives you something to chew on
while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special
a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone
fresh and
music and laughter
his craft
than to show us a good time
an interesting bit
in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
smarter and much
not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
a return to form for director peter bogdanovich
deeply touched by this movie
anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair
of bewitched that takes place during spring break
the performances are an absolute joy .
a gorgeous film -
a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie
unsettling , memorable cinematic experience
the best war movies
has done excellent work here .
an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys
win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews
a deeper story
sweetness , clarity and emotional openness
humor and heart
quietly affecting cop drama
in some evocative shades
only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes
seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film
both damning and damned compelling .
that `` gangs '' is never lethargic
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving
, flawless film , ( wang ) emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
, cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
enticing and often funny documentary
half past dead is just such an achievement .
that watching it leaves you giddy
offers some flashy twists and
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf
all arty and jazzy
heart-pounding
manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie
the gags are often a stitch .
fantastically
with such good humor
a trove of delights
part of the film 's cheeky charm
a more balanced or fair portrayal
potent
transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories
going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together
for its elegantly colorful look and sound
`` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
own quirky hipness
( leigh ) has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
warm , enveloping affection
both oscar winners
worthy entry
speaks volumes ,
a torrent of emotion
like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
a pitch-perfect holden
a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond
exceeds
an important , original talent
one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny
shining with all the usual spielberg flair ,
leguizamo and jones are both excellent
as beautifully shaped
appetizing
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
is certainly amusing
see this terrific film with your kids
to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks
fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals
genuine narrative
this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest .
the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives
this is the best star trek movie in a long time .
presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .
, mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
hypnotic portrait
attractive young leads
is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
beautiful and
compelling allegory
terrific computer graphics ,
powerful 1957 drama
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig
goodies
, eloquence , spiritual challenge
's definitely worth
far better
's never too late to learn
if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .
's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here
its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction
ultimately satisfies with its moving story
most romantic comedies ,
with few respites
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .
, is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
a mostly magnificent directorial career ,
audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter
who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man
real contenders
looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships
prima
it will just as likely make you weep ,
about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
to its superior cast
inside information
images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic
the right movie
, it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
is delightful in the central role .
fearless purity
takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
puts washington , as honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher
a good chance
it 's a masterpiece .
pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans
its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and
the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
catch me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future
$ 1.8 million charmer
pushed to their most virtuous limits ,
is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them
highlight
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ;
that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant
the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . '
of gentle longing
it 's a scorcher .
, more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing
the genre and another first-rate performance
's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
often funny
of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work
, metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
likable movie
it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme
the best brush
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening
that rare creature --
is smarter and subtler
stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry
you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson
worth a look as a curiosity .
spontaneity in its execution and
where big stars and high production values are standard procedure
never feels derivative
is smart
of the theater
a fine effort ,
's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes
does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .
magnificent swooping aerial shots
smarter than its commercials make it seem .
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 .
just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .
the writing is clever
that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen
an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist
terrific
speculative effort
screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
ready-made midnight movie
intoxicating atmosphere and
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day .
its overall sense of mystery
his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows
while there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't .
creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic
visually compelling
recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
better script
a really strong second effort
in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown
that 's always fun to watch
appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
`` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch
to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
tolerance and diversity
emotionally strong
to seduce and conquer
cinematic intoxication
three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut
mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences
of these young women
a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved
affirming '
that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie
for kids , spirit
with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
of intelligent humor
weighty revelations , flowery dialogue ,
of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically
that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
a tour de force
about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
surprisingly sweet and gentle
is enormously good fun
an extraordinary poignancy
ca n't wait to see what the director does next
passionate and
denzel washington 's fine performance
finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
a casual intelligence that permeates the script
perfectly clear
ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .
outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve
splendid-looking as this particular film
resistance and artistic transcendence
, witty , improbable romantic comedy
that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
absolutely
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids
( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .
but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .
something to be taken seriously
allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
takes off in totally unexpected directions
is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal ,
a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor
from the ages
makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
a plethora of engaging diatribes
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
crisp framing , edgy camera work
been hoping for
reminds us of our own responsibility
robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it 's actually watchable .
exhilarating ,
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
it 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
, humorous , illuminating study
high-spirited buddy movie
the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
a fun
large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film
gets around to its real emotional business ,
hey , happy !
to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some
clever and very satisfying picture
the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected
amusing , sad and reflective
'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .
most interesting
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help
fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere
delicate
's not just a feel-good movie
that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually
15 years old
good things
, chilling and heart-warming
-- elegant technology for the masses --
indoor drama
quite funny
( washington 's ) strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste
narrative grace
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast ,
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .
parapsychological
carried out
it also happens to be good
well-defined sense
biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
as a film director , labute continues to improve .
will please eastwood 's loyal fans
to his people
of its inventiveness
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher
eventual cult classic
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance
this terrific film
it 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .
calculating fiend
has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''
in all , a great party
this quality band
distinguishable
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices
a satisfying destination
ate a reeses
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
draws us in long
riveting documentary .
entertaining feature
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and
it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
black hawk down with more heart
it 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
very good
wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
lovely toward the end
that steal your heart away
interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic
endear itself
of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater
is fantastic
the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful
because it has a bigger-name cast
the high standards
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .
clever , offbeat and even gritty enough
vivid , convincing performances
love , longing ,
's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
transcend genre
deftly captures
if the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
high standards
, it is a great film .
thanks to the presence
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .
there are some laughs in this movie
mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
potent exploration
it with ring , an indisputably spooky film
as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful
often demented in a good way ,
this is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
own idiosyncratic way
rich and
has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists
enormous feeling
an infinitely wittier version
takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
creative film
anteing up some movie star charisma
good spirits
the nonconformist in us
finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .
shift
the art demands live viewing .
heartening in the same way
more goodies
subtlety and acumen
with spike lee 's masterful
chimes in on the grieving process and
wiseman 's warmest
captivating as the rowdy participants think it is
behind cutesy film references
a witty , low-key romantic comedy
mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists
a modicum of patience
distinguish one sci-fi work
at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value
idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable
is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee
happy , heady jumble
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value
combined with stunning animation .
warmth and longing
is validated by the changing composition of the nation
the promise of excitement
buckaroo
competent performers
both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in
to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state
that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
works - mostly due to its superior cast
a good old-fashioned adventure
scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .
with grace and humor and
a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood
a remarkably cohesive whole ,
is the piece works brilliantly .
even better
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up
`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment
reason to go
of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
is always sympathetic
delightfully cheeky
a thriller with an edge --
an ease in front of the camera
with attractive men
enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment
a portrait of alienation so perfect
overwhelming pleasure
of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him
teaming
is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally
made up for its rather slow beginning
quite the genre-busting film
love the robust middle of this picture
sneering humor
of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
most daring , and
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama .
he script is n't up to the level of the direction
the performances , for the most part , credible
thought the relationships were wonderful
combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream
us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller
a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
no lie
more appealing holiday-season product
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom
while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be
artistic aspirations
swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
this bold move works
, grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other .
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
a worthy entry
yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth
of dead bodies
's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
a sharp satire
chilling
the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
the best kind
competently directed but terminally cute drama .
peril
good measure
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie
a heroine as feisty and
romp of a film
a flashy editing style
this deeply touching melodrama
that we have come to love
, barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
watchable
is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years .
's worth taking the kids to .
at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
achieved
* corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space
light , silly
of astonishing grandeur
more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation .
a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen
unexpectedly moving meditation
treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate
` refreshing
the cleverness , the weirdness and
it 's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated .
visually masterful
highly pleasurable
the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .
full of life , hand gestures , and some
the most exciting action films
gradually sneaks up on the audience
good old-fashioned adventure
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing :
clear and reliable an authority
boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances
find millions of eager fans
for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs
so appealing about the characters
love reading and/or poetry
and powerful documentary
is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original
, the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
comes far closer than many movies
go hand in hand with talent
a solidly entertaining
nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while
slow and ponderous , but rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption
long on glamour
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
sweet and memorable film .
find that real natural , even-flowing tone
authentic account
yet it 's potentially just as rewarding
of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation
is clearly extraordinarily talented
delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario
something of a public service --
its thrills and extreme emotions
, miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
with the best of them
classic fairy tale
punchier
to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .
much of it is funny
an action hero with table manners
love , memory , history and
a puritanical brand of christianity
make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear
new friends
by the shadowy lighting
of important developments of the computer industry
his top-notch creative team
see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement ,
quiet family drama
( the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
vaguely interesting
tickles the funny bone
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie
the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .
graced
predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .
future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
it 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
great performances , stylish cinematography
one of the best actors there is
that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side
outright newness
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
the stylistic rigors
more contemporary
as hilariously raunchy as south park
marvelously
to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
a good deal funnier than his original
a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii
drawn in by the sympathetic characters
that make it well worth watching
prepare to marvel again .
even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out
pristine
as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery
strategies
weak and strong
it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque
without bludgeoning the audience over the head
does its predecessors proud
, poignancy , and intelligence
an immensely appealing couple
refreshes the mind and spirit
the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout
and unforgettable characters
great
a promising work-in-progress
lush and beautifully
funniest and most accurate
feel like a 10-course banquet
living harmoniously
keen insights
considered a funny little film
engaged
the value and respect
dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera
an excellent choice
is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects
infectious
have a good shot at a hollywood career ,
of dramatic fireworks
their quirky inner selves
smart comedy
the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings
takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze
funniest person
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ;
shot like a postcard
style , structure and rhythms
visceral sensation
of work and 2002 's first great film
pure craft and passionate heart
loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
, treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
american sports
perfectly rendered period piece
is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
an admirable rigor
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ;
epic four-hour indian musical
of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies
slick and manufactured to claim street credibility
like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
leguizamo 's best movie work so far
understated piece
to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop
portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite
bring something new
balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
a cinematic fluidity and sense
orgasm
tub-thumpingly
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but
seeing justice served
've told a nice little story in the process
thought-provoking new york fest
of an especially well-executed television movie
good action , good acting , good dialogue
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something
a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil
elegantly produced and
's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
tian 's meticulous talent
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre
the metaphors are provocative , but
may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
their heroic capacity for good
accomplishment
gentle and biting
of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid
an intelligent weepy
the charisma
rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
most compelling
only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond
a delightful little film
of the hilarious writer-director himself
to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories
the ultimate imax trip
you love him
gratuitous cinematic distractions
is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise
'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action
is both stimulating and demanding .
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all .
an undeniably intriguing film
something to behold
natural running time
its own preciousness
a hypnotic portrait
is actually one of its strengths .
with pitch-perfect acting
maintains suspense on different levels
much of jonah simply , and gratefully ,
very good time
something new
must be a serious contender for the title
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent
scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys
narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently
a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama
his best-known creation
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
wise and powerful tale
by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm
haul 'em to the theater
a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories
does n't disappoint
make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat
the cartoon
looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman
of the austin powers films
how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan
a very very strong `` b +
accepting him
at least it 's a funny no-brainer
go the distance
stoked
city by the sea swings from one
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring
as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
estranged gay and lesbian children
a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth
it 's as good as you remember .
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
the observations
joyous , turbulent self-discovery
its soul
auteuil is a goofy pleasure
got to my inner nine-year-old
but not without cheesy fun factor .
an a-list director
is as visceral as a gut punch
has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance
'll have a good time with this one too
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .
this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
offers chills
all the stronger because of it
what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special
will love its fantasy and adventure
that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
the robust middle of this picture
land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance ,
small but rewarding
the ambiguous welcome
proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .
the survivors
cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron
a measure of faith in the future
sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
gently funny , sweetly adventurous film
adds a much needed moral weight
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail
most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups
cultivation and
move with grace and panache
the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film
sit through , enjoy on a certain level
made the first film so special
of a truly magical movie
the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza
childhood innocence
epic scale
moving portrait
so much passion
's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
nicely understated expression
( or robert aldrich
admire it
often-hilarious
entertaining and informative
surprising discovery
completely satisfying
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
well-made
live happily
, the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
the q in quirky
an odd but ultimately satisfying blend
wide-smiling
appeals
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,
imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
manages to string together enough charming moments to work
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama
tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
the beauty of the piece
to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece
better than any summer blockbuster
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and
top-notch
top form
ranks as the most original in years .
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood .
discursive but oddly riveting documentary
back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present
is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem
's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
really a thriller so much
charming , banter-filled comedy
the film delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
those who are drying out from spring break
a slight but sweet film
be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts
terrific insider
with vivid characters and a warm , moving message
most brilliant and brutal uk crime film
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
what `` empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
energy and excitement
in imagination and authentic christmas spirit
natured
injects just enough freshness
gentle but insistent
life in the performances
unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker
most daring , and complicated , performances
, baroque beauty
a chance to see three splendid actors
constantly defies expectation
a film that will enthrall the whole family .
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and
's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
be clever , amusing and unpredictable
and yet completely familiar
was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival
the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly
should see it as soon as possible . '
birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
an addictive guilty pleasure but the material
-- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity --
a masterful work of art of their own
affectionately
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .
howler
the best espionage picture to come out in weeks
in all the right ways
the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly .
better video-game-based
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature --
a forceful drama
old-fashioned scary movie
engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic
connection and concern
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material
stretches of impact and moments of awe
by exceptional performances
an awfully good , achingly human picture
in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing
impressively
triumphantly
one terrific score and attitude to spare
that extra little something
big trouble could be considered a funny little film .
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance
the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan could want .
a wonderfully creepy mood
its success
energetic and engaging film
( has ) an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it
a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
quite worth
of technical skill and rare depth
a real documentary
the misconceived final 5
intelligently
saves this deeply affecting film from being merely
's mostly a pleasure to watch
what makes their project so interesting
other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .
people who like their romances to have that french realism
of my greatest pictures , drunken master
does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
a sexy , surprising romance ...
two fine actors
going at a rapid pace , occasionally
its floating narrative
playwriting
creativity , and fearlessness
the battle bots
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france .
terrific to read about
builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia
, period-perfect biopic hammers
an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings .
if uneven ,
all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect
is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality
a potentially incredibly twisting mystery
credible gender-provoking philosophy
wisely
energetic and smart
this was lazy but enjoyable
brash , intelligent and
represents two of those well spent
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
ourside the theater roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with
make this an eminently engrossing film .
mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
a gracious , eloquent film
to gorgeous beaches
a true cinematic knack
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
drug culture
a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs
it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson
pays tribute
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and
the film that surprises or delights
waiting for things
speaks for itself
wildly alive
companionable
brightly optimistic
minded patience , respect and affection
is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut
should definitely get top billing
a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most
to go around , with music and laughter
go hand in hand
manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
best short story writing
characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
a pleasant and engaging enough sit
captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes
that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .
puts the sting back into the con
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement
thoroughly satisfying entertainment
it 's great for the kids
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions
'' is entertaining .
oddly honest
visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
the top japanese animations of recent vintage
a courageous scottish lady
most daring ,
without sacrificing its high-minded appeal
claim to express warmth and longing
about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments
the film for anyone
about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart
hooks us completely
'' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about drumline is its energy .
employs to authenticate her british persona
davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
has a flair for dialogue comedy
fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild ,
as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs
to become a major-league leading lady , ( but )
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
its intelligence and intensity
poignant and moving
captivating .
bombshell
some clever scripting solutions
major pleasures
should appreciate its whimsical humor
humanly funny film
a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving
truly distinctive
a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell
an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries
head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work
one of my greatest pictures , drunken master
the best next generation episodes
pleasurable movies
at keeping themselves kicking
offers large rewards
high-adrenaline documentary .
honor the many faceless victims
a treatise on spirituality as well as
good match
, labute continues to improve .
entirely memorable
that is sure to win viewers ' hearts
this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature
told with competence
is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus
as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
sharper , cleaner script
generally a huge fan
really busts out of its comfy little cell
iconic
the wise-beyond-her-years teen
of liveliness
seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical
is genuinely inspirational
most thoughtful fictional examination
the ultimate scorsese film
heightened , well-shaped dramas
a director i admire
plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael
a breakthrough
excels in spectacle and pacing .
a fully engaged supporting cast
a spirit that can not be denied
be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
you 'll still have a good time . ''
if you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .
thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations
a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but
it an above-average thriller
dave barry 's popular book of the same name
a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful
the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
style and
crisp and purposeful
cute animals
a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic
hugely enjoyable in its own right
pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .
interested
a worthwhile documentary ,
pedestrian
buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
he 's the god of second chances '
a high-end john hughes comedy
made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters
is rich in emotional texture
that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and
inimitable
extraordinarily rich
ultimate movie experience
old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
never succumbs to sensationalism
spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
will be well worth your time .
a very good viewing alternative for young women
interesting enough
a slice of american pie hijinks
the director 's
a memorable directorial debut from king hunk
welsh whimsy
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending
plucks
quirky movie to be made from curling
this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .
a brilliant piece
most savagely hilarious
the plot ` surprises '
of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
as much humor as pathos
navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
the best straight-up
provides a fresh view of an old type
it was at least funny
simple and soapy
schneider 's performance is so fine
a big heart
the personal touch of manual animation
leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
very compelling , sensitive
like kissing jessica stein , amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role
in fact , the best in recent memory
clever in spots
is as delightful as it is derivative
with dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction
the more you will probably like it .
be distinguished from a mediocre one
thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .
delivers a surprising
that is presented with universal appeal
huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine .
beautifully shot , delicately
counts heart as important as humor
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics ,
a monumental achievement
sweet
, it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
a dashing and resourceful hero ;
avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
ineffable
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
the characters sound like real people
standout performance
, warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
` cultural revolution
come even easier .
fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit
mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material
recommend it
the charisma and ability
natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel
never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
caffeinated , sloppy brilliance
seem fresh again
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .
the screenplay , but rather
remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career .
a little old-fashioned storytelling
the biggest names in japanese anime
something special
it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief
comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
modus
a film with almost as many
-- in the title role --
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter
become a household name
fit in any modern action movie
rich in emotional texture
as if it belongs on the big screen
the production details are lavish
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
these people are really going to love the piano teacher .
should get all five
realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
be of interest primarily to its target audience
going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films
deserves , at the very least ,
its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
's no accident
delicious , quirky movie
everyone 's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .
, and unforgettable characters
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and
busts out of its comfy little cell
that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light
companion
the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language
laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
the charm of satin rouge
that it looks neat
funniest and most accurate depiction
's really well directed
strong filmmaking
celebratory
funny and human
such conviction
well spent
engrossing piece
a remarkably faithful one
the cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired
a superior crime movie
may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed
, a formula comedy redeemed by its stars ,
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters
showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .
charming and quirky
that best describes this film : honest
flexible
poetic force and
ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film
quite tasty and
's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic
is visually smart ,
a visually compelling one
climax
pretty and gifted , it really won my heart
like real people
be fertile sources of humor
best and most unpredictable comedy
, it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .
precious and finely cut diamond
take us on his sentimental journey of the heart
wide-awake all the way
it struck a chord in me
to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies
despite its flaws ... belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
us
young talent
a helping hand
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber
this much imagination and nerve
business and pleasure
artwork
sexy slip
a satisfying crime drama
narratively complex
the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
savvy director robert j. siegel and
magic and whimsy
love interest
its attractive young leads
that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be
leaping from one arresting image to another
from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film
keep this
great help from kevin kline
jane wyman and
a compassionate ,
neatly
too goodly ,
you will never forget
's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur
vivid with color , music and life
well-defined
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .
real audience-pleaser
the humor wry and sprightly
shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
give what may be the performances of their careers
satisfying well-made
of quiet power
nevertheless efficiently
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing
to the power of the eccentric and the strange
, washington has a sure hand .
the high standards of performance
saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy
a cool event for the whole family
accessible and
a tart , smart breath of fresh air
movie star charisma
gracefully
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and
who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
the delicious trimmings
the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt ,
you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .
share their enthusiasm
( and beautifully edited )
grips and holds you in rapt attention from
ferocity and thoughtfulness
finely crafted , finely written
stylish sizzle
that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood
the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen
of spirit
a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story
a certain charm
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .
, it 's quite fun in places .
vibrant with originality
spare wildlife
is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted
makes one thing abundantly clear .
pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
outstanding originality
to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
that 's what makes it worth a recommendation
, non-exploitive approach
a wonderful tale
ages that is n't fake fun
a fresh view
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
it 's sort of in-between , and it works .
, energetic and original
much entertainment value
elegant entertainment
davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .
's just as wonderful on the big screen
the story has some nice twists but the ending and
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .
outstanding feature debut
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
creative contributions
so larger than life and
we were soldiers
to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
super -
, politically charged tapestry
treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody
savvy , compelling
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .
love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor ,
like its hero
is funny , scary and sad .
new adaptation
is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating
performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career
elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk
it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works
it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
to call the film ` refreshing
intricate , intimate and intelligent
112-minute
is well told
has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
worldly knowledge
drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .
is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time
pixar 's
makes the experience worthwhile
string together enough charming moments to work
be an important movie , or even a good one
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring
to be a part of that elusive adult world
sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play
perfect balance
most sincere and artful movie
alternately melancholic , hopeful
everyone , especially movie musical fans
the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes
than awe
its contrivances
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .
gives a superb performance full of deep feeling
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and
polished and vastly entertaining caper
hugely enjoyable
she boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling
clear and reliable
irresistible package
gets under our skin and draws us in long
is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences
is extraordinarily good
draw people together
derring-do
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices ,
what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
slam-bang extravaganza
can see the forest for the trees
devastating indictment
makes its point too well
bold ( and lovely ) experiment
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough
an off-beat and fanciful film
will be friends through thick and thin
brought something fresher
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing
the more influential works
the fun
simple and innocent
his reserved but existential poignancy
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works
bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals
simple but absorbing
in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement ,
above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
bo derek
edward burns ' best film
cutting impressions
is that her confidence in her material is merited .
noble endeavor
shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film
to top form
the border collie is funny
is both convincing and radiant
with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
intense and effective film
, indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
pointed personalities , courage ,
maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
embellishment
intelligent flick
strong and unforced
rohmer 's talky films fascinate me
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .
could be this good
an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director
a quirky , off-beat project
it does n't take itself so deadly seriously
impressive fake documentary
conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .
e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career .
a naturally funny film , home movie
watching a walk to remember
a smart , compelling drama .
a chilling movie without oppressive
the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
sade achieves the near-impossible :
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
about the pitfalls of bad behavior
gorgeously
a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease
in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
as i 'm the one that i want
intensely romantic ,
of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent
ever-watchful
a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor
across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
and there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends .
take heart
ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation
odd , poetic road movie
to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise
, very enjoyable ...
he 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .
warm , inviting ,
the most magical and most fun family fare
shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper
poignant lyricism
vivid , convincing
gives it a buoyant delivery
rises )
proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
of dazzling pop entertainment
a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
very sincere work
it 's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be .
short-story quaint
big selling point
, energetic and smart
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad .
love that strikes a very resonant chord
a bang-up job
fascinating stories
watch if you only had a week to live
we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
lovely , eerie film
luckiest stroke
in the place where a masterpiece should be
youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point
that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
guy ritchie 's lock ,
's not too bad
good human
introspective portrait
everything that was right about blade
most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture ,
profound ethical and philosophical questions
well-mounted
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow
steven soderbergh 's earlier films
so much to look
violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart
seeing things from new sides ,
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
good noir
plucking tension from quiet
the most memorable moment
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge
is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love
this an eminently engrossing film
purely enjoyable
pull a cohesive story out
in a good way
take the grandkids or the grandparents
sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
is generally amusing from time to time
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time
leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing
a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas
is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
between passion and pretence
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer
smart and
the piece works
to be interesting
excellence
a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale
genuine
of smart jokes
to be more complex than your average film
the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst .
the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .
by laurice guillen
tiny acts of kindness
often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
is truly funny
this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied
it 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but
... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .
cultivated
delicate balance
the most original
candid , archly funny and
, while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this
maybe twice
any
is as often imaginative
more revealing , more emotional and
an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity
something hip
phenomenal ,
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and
incredible imax sound system
acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's .
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history
to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering
fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic
the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown 's life .
special fishy community
's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan .
what enlivens this film
is , as comedy goes ,
is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes
most purely enjoyable and
... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' .
fascinating look
, this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
on action
dramatic and emotional pull
helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
real characters and compelling plots
truly funny
a bilingual charmer ,
of the most exciting action films
lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
dazzling
a better film
ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut
sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser
fly with most intelligent viewers
fly at such a furiously funny pace
wit and compassion
nothing but net
an unforced , rapid-fire delivery
is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
is filled with strange and wonderful creatures
the film has a lot of charm .
quirky iranian drama secret ballot
punch and depth
arrive early and stay late ,
that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
of love and destiny
is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination ,
eminently engrossing film
it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
rollicking good time
the most inventive
a surprisingly sensitive script co-written
have a radar for juicy roles
passion and energy
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency
is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though
a distinguished film legacy
's the very definition of epic adventure .
has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
a lovably old-school hollywood confection .
compassionately
companionship
honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers
have that kind of impact on me these days
holm does his sly , intricate magic
remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
from the classics
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal
william james once called ` the gift of tears
a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking
almost mystical work
comedy to start a reaction
effective
the best star trek movie in a long time
extravagantly redeems it
original and highly cerebral examination
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .
it had a sense of humor
picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch
has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
a heady , biting , be-bop
at this beautifully drawn movie
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
features
the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
full of masters of both
tear your eyes away from the images
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and
turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy
she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
influential
almost wildly alive
balances real-time rhythms
alive and admirable
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .
a fascinating documentary
budding amours
, sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter
has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare
, the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
willie would have loved it
it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
remarkably original
gigantic proportions
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances ,
stunning new young talent
a friend
its keenest pleasures
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch .
to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
much colorful eye candy
for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
inventive ,
, revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling
, ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups ,
is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal .
swirling
make for one splendidly cast pair
from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival
here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
perfect starting point
that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
drama , conflict , tears and surprise --
what makes it worth watching is quaid 's performance .
some glimpses of nature and family warmth
fabulous
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
extraordinary dramatic experience .
all-star reunions
those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater
it 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
sometimes beautiful adaptation
the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity
paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel
saved this film
handsomely produced
pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
i imagined a movie ever could be
deceptively simple ,
of this slick and sprightly cgi feature
, it comes to life in the performances .
nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful
is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker
vital
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air
which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
enjoying the big-screen experience
a damn fine
of its spirit
rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious
transcend
is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world
will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
professional film
in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times
a handful
a chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .
is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
love the robust middle of this picture .
full of deep feeling
holds the screen like a true star .
thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .
worth a look as a curiosity
is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday
grinning
to sustain laughs
provocative and
does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year
more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
full of nuance and character dimension
admire the film 's stately nature
do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
best short
let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
placing their parents
gives the story some soul
novel
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .
as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
hipness
delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower
... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .
filled with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .
totally unexpected directions
danis
successful animated movies
much of the writing is genuinely witty
feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
very humble
valiantly keep punching up the mix .
its superstar
no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all
is recognizably plympton
to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty
of quality
the sequel
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
an intriguing look
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces
's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .
a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation
one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
worth telling
naipaul , a juicy writer
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor
hard-hitting documentary .
for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
daytime
a welcome , if downbeat , missive
, this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
weirdly beautiful
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations .
, clarity and emotional
fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
visceral and
its cutesy reliance
daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope
its lyrical variations on the game of love
endeavors
gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
is a new treasure of the hermitage .
boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
in this remarkable and memorable film
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games
equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
most brilliant
christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot
juiced
say it 's on par with the first one
acceptable ,
remarkably alluring film
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is ,
an equally great robin williams performance
and often-funny drama
of deft and subtle poetry
should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come
poignant and
ca n't compare friday after next to them
that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ;
carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian
noteworthy characters
to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man
a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
canny , meditative
a movie that will make you laugh
interesting characters
the movie 's captivating details
in conveying its social message
, you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .
allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film --
conceptually brilliant ... plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
we believe in them
remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities
achieves its main strategic objective
delicately performed
want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters
insanely funny
has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation
the lines work
quite able
a crowd-pleaser
far more stylish
dedicated
shines
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ...
rollicking dark humor
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing ,
truly wonderful tale
some cute moments
an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera
the playful paranoia of the film 's past
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .
shines through every frame
there 's much to recommend the film .
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light .
a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence
takes such a speedy swan dive
said the film was better than saving private ryan .
most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
perfectly describes pauline & paulette
make the attraction a movie
there 's a lot of tooth in roger dodger .
settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking
tootsie
absorbing characters
would have a good time here .
to life in the performances
red dragon '' is entertaining .
terrific performance
shows excess in business and pleasure
that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking
the movie knew what to do with him
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works
like nothing we westerners have seen before
( ramsay ) visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import
romantic , riveting and handsomely
sensual delights and simmering violence
charm and charisma
see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade
a film with a great premise but only a great premise .
like `
tells this very compelling tale
guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem
justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess
this elegant entertainment
a visual style unique and inherent
by acute writing and a host of splendid performances
boasts enough funny
is needed to live a rich and full life .
, outrageous , ingenious
third time 's the charm
visually flashy
proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
will enjoy seeing how both evolve
of the lovable-loser protagonist
his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass
real raw emotion
the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
best
big shear
the gifted pearce on hand
this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
is not only a love song to the movies
affected child acting
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .
broomfield dresses it up
moving tragedy
only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh
ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving
that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
ferrara 's best film in years .
proficiency
the good ,
, you might want to check it out
very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action
is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
committed to growth in his ninth decade
... somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .
of film entertainment
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity ,
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .
its rapid-fire delivery
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose ,
a source of high hilarity
there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet
include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did )
better effects ,
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst
a stand up and cheer flick
twists to make the formula feel fresh .
good-hearted ensemble comedy
truly revelatory about his psyche
of the plot ` surprises '
as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone
does n't put you off
between two gifted performers
sumptuous work
the world they love and make
starts off witty and sophisticated and
all-star salute
proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy .
every family
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely
visionary
on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed
strong cast and surehanded direction
draws its considerable power from simplicity
quietly inspirational
the auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights
most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat 's fat girl , rain is the far superior film .
fascinating case study
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
an iconoclastic artist
sensitivity and skill
make the stones weep -- as shameful
polished , well-structured film .
crisp psychological drama
it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition
a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion ,
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases .
it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy
a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
powerful and deeply moving example
quiet , decisive moments
not a strike
's informative and breathtakingly spectacular
and whirling fight sequences
the heart soar
as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day
an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity
the edge of their seats
, charming
's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
an interesting psychological game
's both charming and well acted
an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears
treasure .
in the right direction
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and
the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy
as an intense political and psychological thriller
those who like quirky , slightly strange french films
number 1
some first-rate performances
to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
's `
of french cinema at its best
watch the film
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and
its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
the man and
bold presentation
a throwback war movie
its unhurried narrative
it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net
a captivating coming-of-age story
mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .
you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus
comically
enjoyed it just as much
victorious
the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change
effectively chilling
an enjoyable big movie
there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is
in his u.s. debut , mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit
's made at least one damn fine horror movie
see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue
hilarity .
overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution .
good actors , good poetry and
a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages
very good ( but not great )
it 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .
the way
a remarkable film
a wonderfully warm human drama
, with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
a work of outstanding originality
fanciful thinkers
his most critically insightful
new best friend ''
a greater attention
of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen
in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
heart and humor
funny and touching .
hazy high
the overall fabric is hypnotic
, it 's not half-bad .
an energy to y tu mamá también
, incoherence and sub-sophomoric
tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her
is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
solid execution
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way
a wildly entertaining
frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution
matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !
the best ` old neighborhood ' project
hit you from the first scene
amusing us
creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances
natural , even-flowing tone
take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
assured , vital and well wrought
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . ''
damning and damned compelling
not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
get top billing
home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up ,
of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt
the positive change
is one word that best describes this film : honest .
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley
manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann
, natural acting
content
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut
what may be the performances of their careers
rare insight
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .
blessed
you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
of great monster/science fiction flicks
for a great film noir
's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
, it does n't disappoint .
its courageousness , and
incapable of being boring
i saw this one
director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers
treasure and
was particularly funny
the park
a must-see
be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic
burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue ,
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen
' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award .
america , history
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite
charming , thought-provoking new york fest
has a new career ahead of him
wore
'' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible .
report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
some visual virtues
more coming-of-age stories
a marginal thumbs
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors
offers a ray of hope
reasonably good time
and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency
a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
inside an enigma
, villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
creepy , intermittently powerful study
funny or
tits
may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting ''
giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and
ethnic
extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting
fantasy and adventure
if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
that rare family movie
a fascinating character
been better than the fiction
simple and precise
is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .
just about the surest bet
great american comedy
freeman and judd make it work
its sparkling beauty
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light
at once both refreshingly different
that both thrills the eye and
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .
enjoy
a spark of new inspiration in it
powerful
have reinvigorated the romance genre
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of .
a freshness and modesty
create
manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability
uniformly superb
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion .
never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films
this girl deserves a sequel
and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn
is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
one of the year 's best films
disquieting triumph
elegantly
interesting topic
has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear
the power
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .
characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking
thought-provoking film
with material this rich it does n't need it
beautifully detailed performances
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists
charged music to the ears of cho 's fans
crisp , unaffected style
brims with passion :
a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain
manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .
enough interest
behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco
in the best possible senses of both those words
find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating
anticipated
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity
it look as though they are having so much fun
's brilliant `
its considerable power
scary , action-packed chiller
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .
dramatic urgency
extended , open-ended poem
for humor and bite
brings us another masterpiece
lavish period scenery
is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves
what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
purposefully reductive movie
that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
storytelling
of riveting power and sadness
uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds
also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
, they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
miracle
the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better )
she is a lioness
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .
delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory
the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling
of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants
young man 's
guilt-free
smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .
the martial arts master to top form
successful adaptation
nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride
its metaphors
wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .
for all the wit and hoopla
excellent use
absorbing look
searing lead performance
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
good than great
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side
seem like the proper cup of tea
a true study , a film with a questioning heart
lots of effort and intelligence are on display
the shining , the thing ,
have been the ultimate imax trip
, wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
ability to think
is one summer film that satisfies
a lot to recommend read my lips
beauty and
valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in
ultimately life-affirming
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .
committed
two fine actors ,
love it , too .
there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings .
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really
expertly plucking tension from quiet
within a wallflower
superb performers
be something to behold
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond .
'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty
any less entertaining
objective documentary
, savvy , compelling
the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
it 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .
solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect
a moving and weighty depiction of one family
at ease sharing the same scene
where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor
an interesting slice of history .
add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments
of our making
excels
fast-paced and wonderfully edited
the most compelling performance of the year
the best actors there is
's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible
not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing
intimate and panoramic
in unexpected ways , touching
first-rate performances
cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and
to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories
is truth
shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
genuine excitement
they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
unmistakable , easy
a clear-eyed
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous
entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's
manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .
attributable to a movie like this
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale
while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
film buffs will eat up like so much gelati
with tremendous skill
blazingly alive and admirable on many levels
of cinema 's directorial giants
enthralling aesthetic experience
gets the tone just right
turns out to be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness
can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good
no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
malcolm mcdowell is cool .
suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
in all the best possible ways
smart , romantic drama
, you 're on the edge of your seat
has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama
has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast
sensual and funny
terrific special effects
is one of the year 's best .
if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
made , on all levels ,
enthusiastic charm
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .
glancing vividly back
that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
clever and suspenseful
a three-hour cinema master class .
a smartly written motion picture
their outrageousness
is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half
relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script
a creepy and dead-on performance
has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier .
give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
most flamboyant female comics
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry
a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists
well-crafted family film
thrill
awesome
piercing domestic drama
bittersweet
solid and refined piece
it 's not too fast and not too slow .
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill .
high-profile name
the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts
it is also beautifully acted .
sprightly spin
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul
college
of the most genuinely sweet films
is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
the fat
, this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem
presents a frightening and compelling ` what if
puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula
we value in our daily lives
as an actor 's showcase , hart 's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player .
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics
all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain
with humor
a sobering and powerful documentary
casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back ,
, amusing study
technical triumph
gluing you to the edge of your seat
who deserve but rarely receive it
most aggressive and most sincere
a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility
its own direction
exciting documentary
their own cleverness
is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !
neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief
for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
that storytelling has value can not be denied .
is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .
concentration
is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and
funny , and even touching
spout hilarious dialogue
in the arguments of competing lawyers
of that moral favorite
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .
is extraordinary
voyeuristic spectacle
on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
pretty funny
striking style
fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency
gently funny , sweetly adventurous
a majestic achievement ,
star-studded
to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors
... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet .
a cut above the rest
that interweaves individual stories
as an eloquent memorial
iconic hero
a big splash
a joy
articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
understands characters must come first
marvelous documentary touches
, sweaty-palmed fun
an astonishing voice cast
popular gulzar and jagjit singh
a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
an ambitious movie
witty
dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .
, ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
a fine effort
the triumph of his band
the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
at heart is a sweet little girl
a deft pace master and stylist
moulin rouge
colorful , dramatized pbs program
as well-conceived as either of those films
a sharp script and
have a fun , no-frills ride
deep-seated , emotional need
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses
good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it
is amazing , yes
it has a genuine dramatic impact
its sweet time
thoughtfulness
watch people
visual clarity and deeply
honest , sensitive story
a halfway intriguing plot
2002 's first great film
do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .
to believe in it the most
the full monty , but a really strong second effort
requiring a great deal of thought
enduring strengths
is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
an undeniably moving film to experience , and
its whimsical humor
its good qualities
jaw-droppingly beautiful work
there are laughs aplenty ,
funny and well-contructed black comedy
grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
will be well worth your time
is solid , satisfying fare for adults
efficiency and
set up
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer .
, the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense
are great rewards here
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible
slapstick sequences
suitably elegant
i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
a splash
is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes
comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
, at times sublime , visuals
a.c. will help this movie one bit
abstract approach
a sleek advert
variable
has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper
this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde
it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something
the upbeat ending
makes each crumb of emotional comfort
a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent
that 's as crisp and to the point
writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .
can take the grandkids or the grandparents and
addition to being very funny
to hit all of its marks
one of the year 's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .
olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama
do all three quite well
made tucker a star
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
of his sweetness and vulnerability
humanly possible
is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
the off-center humor
the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy
amiable but
terribly funny
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life
directs , ideally
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
leave them singing long after the credits roll
have decades of life as a classic movie franchise
, it 's a work of enthralling drama
so believable that you feel what they feel
best date movie
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .
into an intense and engrossing head-trip
camaraderie
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .
moore wonderfully
crafty , energetic and smart
sweetness , clarity and emotional
get on television
adorably ditsy but
ear-pleasing songs
love liza 's
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here
uniformly good
solidly entertaining and moving
takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative
green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
visual poetry
still seems timely and important .
there 's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.
is impressively true for being so hot-blooded
eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him
special walk
that shows the promise of digital filmmaking
suited
in auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
, tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
consistently intelligent
classy
evocative imagery
shakes you vigorously for its duration
brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne )
this refreshing visit
the movie looks genuinely pretty .
denzel
visually compelling one
a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects
bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary
attraction
, eloquent film
a special kind of movie
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it
terrific look
sentimentalizing it
still shines in her quiet blue eyes
what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue
'' overcome its weaknesses
each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture
fit well together
a tidal wave of plot
would have made vittorio de sica proud
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and
that would have made vittorio de sica proud
me without you has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .
that actually manages to bring something new into the mix
provocative central wedding sequence
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
the earnest emotional core
-- and far less crass
for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .
, the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
america 's thirst
emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
a thinking man 's
breathtakingly assured and stylish
is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .
of ( witherspoon 's ) better films
revelatory
poetic , heartbreaking
is funny , insightfully human
a playful respite
layered , well-developed characters and some surprises
pointed personalities , courage , tragedy
runs on the pure adrenalin
, peculiar and always entertaining costume drama
, you 're a jet all the way
is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )
film that will enthrall the whole family
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root
the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots
especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english
an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow
high art
telling a fascinating character 's story
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket
for reverence and a little wit
fun ,
drawn engaging characters
most good-hearted yet sensual
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny ,
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
the film is not only a love song to the movies
this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple
where a masterpiece should be
'll like it
liked by the people who can still give him work
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but
jet
with its own cuteness
chasing who
engaging mix
but because of the startling intimacy
the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
at 2002 's sundance festival
strikes a potent chemistry
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
buy is an accomplished actress ,
hugely entertaining and uplifting
certainly the performances are worthwhile .
intensely lived
about this love story
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography
exuberant
heated sexuality
reinvigorated
evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
refreshingly smart and newfangled variation
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
a riveting documentary .
personal velocity
are an immensely appealing couple
discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
it promised it would be
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny
dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater
all as very important
of what it actually means to face your fears
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and
is vivacious
von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke
delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
charismatic
an amazing breakthrough
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling ,
it actually improves upon the original hit movie
smart , provocative drama
tremendous
parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they
make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime
funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy
conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year
moving performance
it 's a work of enthralling drama
meets his future wife
, we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
honestly nice little film
the humor and humanity
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness
because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad
his intellectual rigor
honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film
a disney pic
, crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .
undeniably moving
into a lyrical and celebratory vision
of the movie 's success
the astonishingly pivotal role
the right conditions
brisk , reverent , and subtly different
shakes you vigorously
proves it 's never too late to learn
oddly moving
a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people
, imagination and insight
the edge of your seat
it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
jack o '
naturalistic acting
's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war
sex with strangers is a success .
, director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers
compassion , sacrifice , and christian love
they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .
permits laughter
, standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
it 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
with steven seagal
is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
you feel good , you feel sad ,
( sports ) admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better
, credible
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival
a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire
i was entranced .
mesmerizing
pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil
is enjoyable family fare
an almost sure-fire prescription
sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise
a good shot
little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors
good things happen to bad people
not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
is analytical
works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm
is warm , inviting , and surprising
a fine idea
the charm of the first movie is still there , and
a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that
warm your heart
the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
emotional intelligence
visceral and spiritual
he 's a better actor than a standup comedian .
, this dumas adaptation entertains
the man
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
director douglas mcgrath
of a first-rate cast
nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
all the outward elements of the original
of riveting set pieces
a very valuable film
openness , the little surprises
, it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
this comic slugfest
, uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
, the hot chick is pretty damned funny .
a lot of talent
what 's even more remarkable
has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .
authenticate
should share screenwriting credit
chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact
the fun
, hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
feel fresh
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery
it 's his strongest performance since the doors
's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .
embraces it , energizes it
without reeking of research library dust
a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying
it does give exposure to some talented performers
's never dull and
michael moore 's latest documentary about america 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...
succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
with one of france 's most inventive directors
character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her
the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
the cultural distinctions
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart
a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists .
rock 's stand-up magic
high-adrenaline documentary
above anything sandler
is a riveting , brisk delight
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images
incurably romantic
vibrance
remarkable yet
well-thought stunts
but certainly hard to hate
a wry , affectionate delight
scores a direct hit .
every moment crackles with tension , and
wildlife
welled up in my eyes both times
inspires more
the leads ) are such a companionable couple
this is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship
heart-felt
make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal
peculiar and always entertaining costume drama
shamelessly enjoyed it
the best film of the year 2002
to be taken seriously
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
an ingenious and often harrowing
a pretty good execution
, wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
of the most affecting depictions of a love affair
a technical triumph and
's an excellent 90-minute film here
ambitious
fun and nimble
allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper
purposefully
the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .
an ambitious ` what if ? '
enjoying himself immensely
a crisp psychological drama ( and ) a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode
a few good laughs
is more fully
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
sweet-tempered
that underlies the best of comedies
fairly harmless
arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed
solid performances and
mature and frank fashion
explicit
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats
with enough unexpected twists
that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time
a movie that understands characters must come first
weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past
how good
as it should be
of fighting hard for something that really matters
amiable
is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america
plays closer to two .
, e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone .
funny ,
feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne
articulates
substantive movie
sensual
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose
wildly inventive mixture
delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy
an uplifting , near-masterpiece .
uncompromising knowledge
for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment
completely delightful
of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself
of animal house
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .
a terrific screenplay and
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that
's better than the phantom menace
an angel simplicity
takes hold and grips
sad but endearing characters
outrageous or funny
, it irrigates our souls .
a smart , funny look
, introspective and entertaining
the best of godard 's movies
nobody here bothered to check it twice .
`` cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! ''
more strongly
the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work
though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
the story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
neatly
i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and
works -
's coherent , well shot ,
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic
like the original
of the ya-ya sisterhood
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly
to a superior crime movie
in an increasingly important film industry and
the likes
without resorting to camp or parody
terrific special effects and
improved upon the first and
this film speaks for itself
about a domestic unit finding their way to joy
sublime music
a genuine love story ,
dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem
it 's still damn funny stuff
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye
er , bubbly
of candid camera
mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic
was a guilty pleasure
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
, but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .
stand as intellectual masterpieces
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing
-- thoughtfully written
( headbanger )
fun and
lively songs for deft punctuation
well-put-together piece
this is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .
help sustain it
on-screen chemistry
created a brilliant motion picture
, miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
with serious ideas
means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
inspiring or insightful
did n't hollywood think of this sooner
give you a few laughs
with real thematic heft
proves it 's never too late to learn .
a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham
welcome relief
if encouraging return
tv episodes
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi 's
uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece
a momentum that never lets up
inescapably gorgeous ,
an original talent
much first-rate
needed
to be passionate and truthful
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie
cinema 's directorial giants
, i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen
with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy
take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line )
a james bond series
's well worth
on his sentimental journey of the heart
stylish but steady
large-scale action and suspense
creative , energetic and original
a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile
champion the fallibility of the human heart
goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key
the routine day to day
the sweet , melancholy spell
is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn .
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell .
so much first-rate
, kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
fascinating -- and timely --
of a stylish psychological thriller
a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
chilling and heart-warming
a smart movie
poignant and wryly amusing
oozes craft
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach
must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
very , very good
delivers on that promise
, violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart
keenly observed and
is still a cinematic touchstone
super heroes
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .
be a great piece of filmmaking
a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile
pure composition and form
career-best
submerged here ,
a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
if festival in cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy
remarkably alluring
that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
way original
scorsese 's bold images
been the ultimate imax trip
lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .
it 's pleasant enough and
marks a modest if encouraging return to form
been more charming than in about a boy
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
in the mood for an intelligent weepy
a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
( including a knockout of a closing line )
refreshing .
of the smartest
mr. polanski is in his element here
her pure fantasy character
mythic status
delightful little film
that 's fun for kids of any age .
a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
liked it just enough
extra little something
i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master
is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders
an elegant work ,
what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
a slick , engrossing melodrama
that actually has something interesting to say
very tasteful
loved the look of this film
mesmerizing music
may be more genial than ingenious , but
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
a nicely understated expression
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .
now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
cleverly
into the extraordinarily rich landscape
great way
resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
sly , intricate magic
based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen
gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script .
innocence and idealism
pitch-perfect holden
a very real and amusing give-and-take
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
an entertaining mix
, she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
the utter cuteness
to give it a marginal thumbs up
acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie .
from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
entirely successful
a surprising winner
's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions .
many subplots
is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start
's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message
is a treat
be as naturally charming as it needs to be
a vivid
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and
gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection
is genuinely witty
as tricky and satisfying as any of david
any recent film , independent or otherwise ,
maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone
that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
throughout all the tumult
perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy
sentimental but entirely irresistible
bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants
of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart
french cinema 's master craftsmen
unified
adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining
attraction and interdependence
the right place
such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
the war movie compendium
witty
his promise
floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity
filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
educational !
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale
's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative
season
wayward teen
elaborate special effects
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
expecting
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled
is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake
've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
this marvelous film
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here .
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
due to its rapid-fire delivery and
with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity
delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage
reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
an important film
great visual stylists
is a masterfully conducted work .
unblinkingly pure
dedication
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .
a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary
rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way
you 've ever seen
is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances
red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
a movie-of-the-week tearjerker
thoroughly enjoyed themselves and
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism
packed with just as much intelligence
admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel
in love with myth
brings together
the lovers
one moment in the film that surprises or delights
this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
see it as soon as possible
capturing
adventure and a worthwhile environmental message
be engaging
remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
the film with their charisma
yes , that 's right
warm and exotic
treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
( breheny 's ) lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
just two of the elements that will grab you
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir ,
the first film so special
and unabashed sweetness
audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him
the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
for serious film buffs
confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema
very enjoyable ...
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .
guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family
deferred and desire
released in imax format
more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
, romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief
truth-telling
delightful romantic comedy
its total promise
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written
could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 .
big laughs
euphoria
pretty decent kid-pleasing
due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity
their romances
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours
oh , and more entertaining , too .
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations
conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year --
seem downright hitchcockian
surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy
stylish film
ensemble cast
has a solid emotional impact
probably will enjoy themselves .
ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
steal your heart
to my great pleasure ,
insane comic
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions ,
more strongly to storytelling
as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
to laugh , groan and hiss
deep-seated , emotional
, original talent
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it
infuses the movie with much of its slender ,
-- being real --
earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot
to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
a fine production
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .
is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
chilling and fascinating
will thrill you , touch you and make you
important director
displays impeccable comic skill
barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile
sharp comic timing
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
new
excellent 90-minute film
an interesting look
out-to-change-the-world
quiet , introspective and entertaining independent
whole hours
darkly funny and
together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire
sweeping
much worth
keep them guessing
a promise nor
should see it as soon as possible .
created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores
his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny
, below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .
believability
important movie
to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
a student film
holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
the ethereal beauty
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches
directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
is a riot
of awe
grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
the talent is undeniable
, you barely realize your mind is being blown .
the heart-pounding suspense
an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
is that it 's also one of the smartest
felt fantasy of a director 's travel
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .
is the ultimate movie experience
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker
viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality
on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ...
, french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
a surprisingly faithful remake
refreshing
a solid cast ,
's a scorcher
movie fun
how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others
as ` wayne
are really going to love the piano teacher .
fascination ,
a wonderful , ghastly film
passionately
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman .
the best ensemble casts
superior horror flick
perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen .
a high enough level of invention
have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy
a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
is intelligently
and there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .
but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
a teeth-clenching gusto
with a bright future ahead of him
's most refreshing about real women have curves
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out
providing some good old fashioned spooks
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity
in good measure
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .
be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael
has since
full of charm
knows how to tell us about people .
raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen .
that george lucas can only dream of
to be delightfully compatible here
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be .
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at
a picture-perfect beach
accuracy
a fan of the genre
others in the genre
a delightful entree
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn
handsome and well-made entertainment
well-executed spy-thriller .
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .
, frenetic , funny , even punny 6
see it for his performance if nothing else
an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement
a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
charming , funny and beautifully
action-packed
new benchmark
, to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
enormous packages
a work of art
beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
fine , nuanced lead performances
a compelling motion
the gay '70s
to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd
its surprises
you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
with a series of riveting set pieces
be lovely
good time
, by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic
is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
illuminates
the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug
is just the ticket you need .
it wants to be
informative
's worth seeing
stylized swedish fillm
inspiring and pure
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
of the intelligent , well-made b movie
dazzle and delight us
most complex , generous and subversive artworks
its crack cast
wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
appropriately cynical social commentary
alfred hitchcock 's
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection ,
recipe , inspiring
win
in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes
's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
is terrific ,
white 's dry wit
is , more often then
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting
, a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
on this screenplay
ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .
a lot richer than the ones
their idol 's energy and passion for detail
an energizing ,
competently
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team
has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood
yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity --
exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken
the trees hooting it 's praises
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients
miraculous movie
, sweet and romantic
sincere
die for
emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen
business plans
of telling a fascinating character 's story
is simple but absorbing .
seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .
appreciation of the daily
can act
, this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
the light-footed enchantment
best film
that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar
awe-inspiring
said the film was better than saving private ryan
the talk alone is enough to keep us
a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work
of high humidity
it 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .
with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
it 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
refreshing visit
comfortable
better-focused
the product of loving , well integrated homage
favorably compared to das boot
real women have curves truly is life affirming
an intriguing story of maternal instincts
to sell us on this twisted love story
more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch
reviewers
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit .
beautifully realized
of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
a very resonant chord
sheer audacity and openness
than you could have guessed at the beginning
, emotionally devastating piece
sketches ...
while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
worth the effort
those who do
savvy
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans ,
norton is magnetic as graham .
joyous celebration
the form of dazzling pop entertainment
an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story
made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
otherworldly
has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script
a good way
loved this film
of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .
all-woman
beautifully shot ,
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre
of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style
engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces
of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them
some major alterations
predictably efficient
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .
is sufficiently funny
greatest natural sportsmen
festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .
one part romance novel ,
will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
engaging story
obviously has its merits
offers an intriguing what-if premise
triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
like it
a certain degree of wit and dignity
are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations
though a capable thriller
they are what makes it worth the trip to the theater .
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but
of above the rest
will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .
of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
, shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
this charmer
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo
to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris
so different from the apple and so striking
familiar but enjoyable
has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit
is a really special walk in the woods
infuses the movie with much of its slender
have made vittorio de sica proud
there 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .
de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
brimming with coltish , neurotic energy
has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years .
the road to perdition
an impressive roster
, beautiful scene
with enjoyable ease
' romantic
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .
, the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
this one gets off with a good natured warning
real and
does hold up pretty well
is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
a movie that deserves recommendation
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .
labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
some powerful people
kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure
be genuinely satisfying
encompassing
an erotic thriller
of both thematic content and narrative strength
give us real situations and characters
emerges as another key contribution
have the highest production values you 've ever seen
with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances
pretty contagious fun
quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
well-wrought
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .
more complete than indecent proposal
swooping down on a string of exotic locales
of humankind 's liberating ability
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor .
you like peace
leave you wanting more
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .
funny humor
an earnest study
serves up all of that stuff
excellent job
's more enjoyable than i expected
fire-breathing
are just two of the elements that will grab you
to the outstanding soundtrack
original and insightful
portrayed with almost supernatural powers
influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh
memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
low , smoky and inviting sizzle
adventure movie
hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .
perry 's good and
a more colorful , more playful tone
solid movie
a sense of dramatic urgency
engaging , wide-eyed actress
offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
to one of demme 's good films
some worthwhile themes
made swimfan anyway
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports
is generally light enough
perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man
that returns the martial arts master to top form
about the benjamins that 's hard to resist
commands
which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
the expressive power of the camera
this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal .
a young robert deniro
will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking
gently humorous
a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
change watching such a character
memorable
with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
like this movie a lot
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .
sultry
it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
an adventure story and history lesson all in one
-- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .
is worth your time ,
symbiotic relationship
it really won my heart
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ;
an actress she is
burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
, a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
intermittently good time
's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
more appealing
bewilderingly brilliant and
into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem
better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals
just about the best straight-up
the believability of the entire scenario
key strength
brilliant
full advantage
, simple and soapy
, composed delivery
the very best movies
keep you engaged
is likely to find compelling
pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men
-- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do --
who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
see it twice
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe
down-and-dirty laugher
to be engaging
clever and cutting
good actors
easy to love robin tunney
're not merely watching history
is still very much worth seeing
-- but certainly hard to hate .
is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
the condition of art
moment
is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain
some honest insight
warm ,
gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script
lamer instincts
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy
character creations
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous
, whimsical feature
great films
stay
has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours
is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
honest performances and exceptional detail
buoyant , expressive flow
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?
made at least one damn fine horror movie
innovation
, narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood
all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream
haunting tale
an extraordinary film
to enter and accept another world
most slyly exquisite
a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice
mysterious , sensual
is in his element here
high-octane
rousing
an imaginative teacher
make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned
genuine acting
as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies
touching film
one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years
insightful moments .
have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and
a charm
's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution ,
of wit or charm
of the best ensemble casts of the year
a minor miracle in unfaithful
spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role
of extremely talented musicians
sandbox
are worthwhile .
assured
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but
interesting matters
most humane and important
a documentary that works
thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
of the qualities that made the first film so special
high-concept sci fi adventures
a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters
with style
between chaplin and kidman
is a convincing one , and
uncle ralph
presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain
want to see it
welcomes
picked me up , swung me around ,
an esteemed writer-actor
a few zingers aside
a witty , low-key romantic comedy .
'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
fiercely intelligent and
makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
kirkegaard
as well-characterized
more fascinating
it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful
an 88-minute highlight reel
marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
got to me
deserved co-winner
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
fascinating psychological fare
comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary
enjoyable randomness
's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn
the rat-a-tat energy
is plenty of fun for all .
enough to keep men
take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis .
catapulting
easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros
while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
a director to watch
spider-man
is reasonably entertaining ,
aesthetically and sexually
rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .
's stylishly directed with verve
does this so well
to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love
the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham
is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .
touching , transcendent love story
liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
right to be
ultimate imax trip
entertainment
'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries
is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
a romantic comedy
has something significant to say
a visually stunning rumination
itch to explore more
be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy
an interesting slice
has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years
, in an irresistible junior-high way ,
great saturday night live sketch
impressive job
-- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film
's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
real vitality
of humor , verve and fun
genuine spontaneity
this method almost never fails him
this method almost never fails him , and
better characters ,
to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes
too goodly , wise and knowing
in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
its first-time feature director
a small movie with a big impact .
a brilliant movie
make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger
of the human heart
boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
delightfully compatible
stylish weaponry
fine performances
coherent rhythm
played and smartly directed
drew to a close
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot
used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way
is good , except its timing .
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
can enjoy
' i feel better already .
since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously
make it an above-average thriller
bones tickled
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet
bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people
ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period
with soul
much as i laughed throughout the movie
the brilliance of animal house
once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
, and intermittently hilarious
best thing
often exciting
is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians
surprisingly sensitive script co-written
sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty ,
black hawk down and we were soldiers
on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction
even the stuffiest cinema goers
it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored
the power of strong voices
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places )
impress
his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
ambitious movie
the highest power
delivers fascinating psychological fare
on great scares and a good surprise ending
are masterfully controlled .
is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination .
a strong-minded viewpoint , or
generally smart
is born to play shaggy
ladles on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
rouses us .
compelling story
winning performances and
working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
by a gritty style and an excellent cast
the frequent allusions
the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
exuberant openness
in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d
of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness
is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
his way to becoming the american indian spike lee
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .
intrigued
of ( woo 's ) best work
spice
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .
filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability
comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
summer entertainment
distinct and very welcome sense
what i saw , i enjoyed .
, eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
as darkly funny , energetic ,
cleaver
will capture the minds and hearts of many
family
worth checking out at theaters
preserving a sense of mystery
bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
a grittily beautiful film that looks ,
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty
close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films
got a place in your heart for smokey robinson
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling ,
there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction
more than a movie
the impressively discreet filmmakers
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .
ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
patriot
the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work
smoke signals
gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior
rare quality
a poignant comedy
, inescapably gorgeous ,
eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart
flower-power liberation
after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
earnest performances
a compelling coming-of-age drama
a ' list cast
cast and surehanded direction
loved it
inventive , consistently intelligent
splendidly cast pair
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game
detail
eats up the screen
as graceful
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .
when you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation
a cute partnership in i spy
struggles of the working class to life
everyone can enjoy
, ' i feel better already .
shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait
more colorful
edgy camera work
nominated for an oscar
a triumph ,
's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work
, twisty yarn
start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
mildly entertaining
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material ,
i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and
of our respect
their project so interesting
it 's not half-bad
( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure ,
his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline
does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
embodies the transformation of his character
admirable
is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
last count
be rewarded with some fine acting
one good idea
the compassion , good-natured humor and
giddy and whimsical and relevant today
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious
have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age
cutting-edge indie filmmaking
figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
satire lucky break
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
simply feeling like no other film in recent history
breathtaking
thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait
the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
some good , organic character work ,
students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously
the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
's easy to like
with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking
most amazing
the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .
good sense
comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors
an exceptionally good idea
are sweet and believable ,
an obvious rapport with her actors and
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
is supposed to be madcap farce
each one of these people stand out
like .
very much worth
strives
amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination
a serious movie with serious ideas .
thriller remarkable
touching , smart and complicated
angelina jolie 's surprising flair
cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances
, colorful , semimusical
among the studio 's animated classics
not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .
the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way
first real masterpiece
are consistently delightful
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché
you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america
ingeniously constructed than `` memento ''
like a well-made pb & j sandwich
a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment
given by the capable cast
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming .
the widowmaker is a great yarn
equate to being good ,
extreme action-packed film
a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week
a successful one
found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style
comparatively sane and healthy
this movie 's got it
a string of ensemble cast romances recently
to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
pointed , often tender ,
sharp and
seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots
recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting
current americanized adaptation
an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .
' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
a very well-meaning movie ,
nature film and a tribute
beats new life
known as ' a perfect family film
has several strong performances .
a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
has something to say
love , communal discord ,
into the urban heart
of good sense
a light ,
there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least
sell it
exceedingly memorable
a fantastic movie
delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids
crash-and-bash action
gentle , endearing
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .
it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
like a mix of cheech and chong
- kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top ,
is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed
what is kind of special
the pianist ( is ) a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
colors the picture in some evocative shades
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom .
some cute moments , funny scenes , and
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language
, labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
manipulating our collective fear
good cinematography
mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
his boisterous energy
this a high water mark for this genre
a fascinating character study
humor and
for a breath of fresh air now and then
far superior film
song-and-dance-man
a sharp script
assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio --
a role of almost bergmanesque intensity
strong piece
earns extra points by acting as if it were n't
is its utter sincerity .
has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here .
this distinguished actor
acute expressiveness
sweet , tender sermon
godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air
with such clarity
offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
a classic theater piece
to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies
the rich promise of the script
some like it
is at 22 a powerful young actor .
an engaging story
the film was better than saving private ryan
as darkly funny , energetic , and
acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and
seems aware of his own coolness
a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it
a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
is one of this year 's very best pictures
sensuous and spirited tale
's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics
a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem
of tradition and warmth
american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place
splendid performances
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
take the viewer inside the wave
watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen .
for insights
got me grinning
is charming
tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
lovely and amazing is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .
has a pleasing way with a metaphor
and more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
's never dull
shows deft comic timing .
the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
rich and luscious
i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .
the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory
resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative
fulfilling
sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them .
an engaging and moving portrait
memorable
sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
refreshed and hopeful
a remarkable and novel concept
somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton
special
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format
a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch
as history
considerable charm
is enormously good fun .
an enjoyable above average summer diversion .
a good job
the true impact of the day
is somewhat entertaining
gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
thoroughly entertaining
certain charm
providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
enjoy it
that good theatre
for genre fans
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year
less as a documentary and more as a found relic
all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence .
a serious movie
's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves
and good intentions
is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .
very charming and funny
well-acted ,
solid cast
damon and
talented director as chen kaige
for once
even gritty enough
raw comic energy
the real turns magical
its fun
accomplished work
resonant film since the killer
, love .
is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
nature and family warmth
is a tale worth catching .
the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement .
that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
the film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish
... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
nebrida
epics
is amazing ,
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind
in the truest sense
of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen
carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend
was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy
for nearly three hours
friend
deeply pessimistic or
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age .
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and
, godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .
a serious movie with serious ideas
breathe life into this somewhat tired premise
a wry , affectionate delight .
a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity
you laugh
a juicy writer
's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects
it is generally amusing from time to time
complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones
are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones
has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin .
as beautiful ,
giggly
is a pretty decent little documentary .
best and most mature comedy
an elegantly balanced movie
astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one
memorable cinematic experience
though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess .
happy listening to movies
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me
strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ;
a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way
genuine insight into the urban heart
tear their eyes away
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren .
the hours , a delicately crafted film ,
a film of delicate interpersonal dances .
at the edge of your seat for long stretches
intimate contemplation
non-exploitive approach
from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades .
finely crafted , finely written ,
an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again
a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants
strongest performance
lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
laughs and not the last time
his future wife
going to be something really good
accessible
earnest study
cunning
includes one of the strangest
most daring
a photographic marvel
but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection
eisenstein delivers .
soars above the material realm
has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
being able to give full performances
humor and
a solid ,
in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk
a definitive account
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny
better drama
inviting all the same
a solid and refined piece
delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and
the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride
a glorious dose
've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
a thriller , and the performances
with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver
heartfelt story
conservative christian parents and
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation
an extraordinary faith in the ability of images
's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist
a detailed historical document
exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk ,
's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling
everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away
is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
astonishingly skillful and moving
plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit
confident filmmaking and
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture
beyond its formula
a glorious spectacle
sensitive and astute
an elegant work , food of love
's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .
most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
touching love story
a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten
making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
sassy interpretation
faithful
of france 's most inventive directors
almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth --
thirst
in on the resourceful amnesiac
figures prominently in this movie , and
tour de
this beautifully
deeply humanizing
a tone of rueful compassion ...
make for one splendidly cast pair .
, hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen
a hallmark film
genuine heart
surrealistic
( maybe twice )
, the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .
-- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
you really want to understand what this story is really all about
had no trouble sitting for blade ii .
the visual flair and bouncing bravado
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies
secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
in me
the film has a terrific look and
the rare sequel
eventful
understand her choices
reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
gay love stories
a sardonic jolt
such sensitivity
that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice
a warm , moving message
the effort is sincere and the results are honest
an absorbing look
strangely tempting bouquet
the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe
the best film of the year 2002 .
pay to see it
is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time
it 's all the stronger because of it
a spark of its own
there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
great performances
whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
fascinating profile
hot-button items
immersed
takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
most admirable quality
the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player .
submarine movie
an intriguing what-if premise
in a stunning fusion of music and images
the brain
of family , forgiveness and love
is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
, verve and fun
is blood-curdling stuff
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk ,
's lots of cute animals and clumsy people
familiar road
was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo
is strange and compelling
offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable
of renegade-cop tales
is well worthwhile .
has really found his groove these days
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies
so vivid
how clever
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept ,
a mobius strip
truly is life affirming
satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale
well-directed
our best actors
a cohesive story
fierce grace
a smart , nuanced look at de sade
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
vital action sequences
instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
a popcorn film , not a must-own ,
give what can easily be considered career-best performances
some of the computer animation is handsome
the best comedy concert movie
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .
is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist .
be mildly amusing
one of those all-star reunions
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american
a vivid imagination
is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
it may be a no-brainer
pleasant enough --
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit
of sly humor
this sensuous and spirited tale
be surefire casting
documentary to disregard available bias
deliciously nonsensical comedy
is honestly affecting
are remarkable .
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net .
uncluttered
are both superb ,
as the film has some of the best special effects ever
photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time .
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . '
steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular
of small town regret , love , duty and friendship
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
sexiness
seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america
the girls ' amusing personalities
willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
most splendid
irresistible blend
action hero performances
, shrewd , powerful act
a gritty style and an excellent cast
more fun than conan the barbarian
perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features
it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
, the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
great team
edge
entrapment
this likable movie
try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching
rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption
's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
clever , offbeat
her pure fantasy character ,
unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
an eye on preserving a sense of mystery
loved on first sight and , even more important
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
charm , cultivation and devotion to his people
a potentially good comic premise and
charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .
the film grows on you .
movie-of-the-week
for an eagerness
the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games
the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary
find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology
be embraced
, eisenstein delivers .
innocent , childlike
fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
about surprising us by trying something new
béart and berling are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent .
on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls
we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
spontaneous creativity and
the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism .
atypically hypnotic approach
japanese epic
great past
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god
shows excess in business and pleasure ,
for a director i admire
rounded and revealing
conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle
fascinating character 's
is priceless .
be talking about the film once you exit the theater
will forgive the flaws and love the film
one of the most original american productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .
a remarkably original work
, this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .
a great way
to reel in the audience
, the more you will probably like it .
knows how to tell us about people
even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .
young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
visual delights
is grand-scale
an intelligent flick
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .
beautiful film to watch
can do no wrong with jason x.
lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler
huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes
funniest idea
unbearably beautiful
's updating works surprisingly well
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ?
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
what 's next ?
love and
savvy director robert j. siegel and his co-writers
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears
j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl .
an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness
favor
is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .
, you will enjoy seeing how both evolve
thoroughly enjoyable .
as naturally charming
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message :
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
is dreamy and evocative
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process
a fair bit
makes it worth the trip to the theater
darkly funny
thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy
to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
original hit movie
his supple understanding of the role
serious suspense
her passionate , tumultuous affair
are spectacular
gon na like this movie
forgiveness and love
a sweet and sexy film
a decent attempt
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . '
timeless
heart and unsettling subject matter
that keeps you
that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch
vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting
cult classic
delivers real bump-in - the-night chills
what 's most memorable about circuit
an encouraging new direction
classy , sprightly spin
ca n't help but feel ` stoked .
, sex with strangers is a success .
, delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
a vivid personality
the fist is hilarious
see this terrific film with your kids --
farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher
the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
of creative belly laughs
it a step further , richer and deeper
is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin
an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships
are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
this rich and luscious
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious ,
it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain
the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .
oftentimes funny
seem to be surefire casting
some intriguing characters
winning family story
a charming , banter-filled comedy ...
alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
laugh as well .
original and highly cerebral
here seems to have recharged him .
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
an impeccable study
see her esther blossom as an actress
minority report '' astounds .
in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency
, the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
each other so intensely , but with restraint
far more interesting
rugrats
, insight and humor
and mind games
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
his characters stage
a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking
while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ...
a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation
bravo for history
is a winner .
accepting him in the role
of businesses
is a dazzling conceptual feat
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and
slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play
( b )
which should appeal to women
effectively creepy-scary thriller
brutally honest individual
all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax
also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience
mesmerizing performance
wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .
put in service
to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor
are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .
is sympathetic without being gullible
a great and a terrible story
warm
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts
beautiful , aching sadness
's compelling
who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little
as he was about inner consciousness
it 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
, amusing and unsettling
, stylized humor throughout
is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
have its charms
plenty of fun for all
of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
a colorful , joyous celebration of life
loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness
a charismatic charmer
both the beauty
the riveting performances
bouncing bravado
, no such thing is a fascinating little tale .
a minimalist beauty
an admirable reconstruction
gifted performers
so often end up on cinema screens
on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
good action , good acting
's real visual charge to the filmmaking
have preceded it
a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
had a wonderful account to work from
asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .
a mischievous visual style
interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
warmth
behind bars
is notable for its sheer audacity and openness
a bit exploitative but also nicely done
the love
more than merely a holocaust movie
charismatic enough
the trip there is a great deal of fun .
manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
keeps throwing fastballs
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an orc from a uruk-hai .
keep watching the skies for his next project
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow
land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
want the story to go on and on
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel
worthy of the price of a ticket
hope
carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''
a better person
one summer film that satisfies
of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film
its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
at 18 or 80
cuter
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .
very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut
vividly back
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .
complex and quirky , but entirely believable
about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time
be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made
more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions
comes from the heart
, funny and beautifully
is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
fahrenheit 451
allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
was utterly charming .
of purpose
i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable
have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
is wondrously creative
chance to learn , to grow , to travel
are quietly moving
the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up
meditative and lyrical
consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way ,
the immediate aftermath
blockbusters
blockbuster
intriguing subject
to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
are not to be dismissed
grab us
interesting work
baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
pretty moments
the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama
philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest
credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson
good inside dope
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters
got something
a very good time
seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense
sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
the grandeur
both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .
very charming and funny movie
a delightful surprise
touching , small-scale story
beauty
debt miramax felt they owed to benigni
the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
quirky drama
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand
some tasty grub
resonant chord
funnier .
a fun ride .
is well-made
believing it was just coincidence
this region and its inhabitants
c.h.o. cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy .
the ups and downs of friendships
skillfully assembled , highly polished
grownups
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject
deeply and rightly
its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high
nuances
i loved on first sight and , even more important
an elegant visual sense
is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
noteworthy
a thoughtful , reverent portrait
who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest
many insightful moments .
a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance
able
impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients
a crisp psychological drama
's quite fun in places .
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and
a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood
a pretty good overall picture
enveloping sounds
is a gem .
in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth
without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision
heartwarmingly
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
it 's mission accomplished
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
that 's there to scare while we delight in the images
bittersweet camaraderie and history
's something there
inside righteousness
wittier
great yarn
provocative stuff
it gets the details of its time frame right
a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully
sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept
recommend it for its originality alone
you 're in a slap-happy mood
but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
a commanding screen presence
are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters
like a masterpiece
this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
all plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out .
the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed .
the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson
rare documentary
some real vitality
with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
will have an intermittently good time .
manages sweetness largely without stickiness
is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game
courageous
onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind
well-acted
found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .
... very funny , very enjoyable ...
a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
a beautiful canvas
good action , good acting , good dialogue ,
delightful entree
so well
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''
recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal
... the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
humorous .
can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
put away the guitar ,
's also pretty funny
is astounding on any number of levels
stays there for the duration
a vivid , spicy footnote
, high-adrenaline documentary .
are gorgeous and finely detailed
has succeeded beyond all expectation .
has a rather unique approach to documentary
be viewed as pure composition and form --
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout
and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans
at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once
works its way up
to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action ,
an intriguing story
meditative and
villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
a high enough level
go where we went 8 movies ago
a dream
both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
of terrific
the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .
vital comic ingredient
candy and cheeky
a full experience ,
does n't drag an audience down
the storylines are woven together skilfully
shimmering cinematography
a rich and full life
is effective
continues to improve
consistent emotional conviction
a better thriller
film a must for everyone from junior scientists
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
develop her own film language
ignite sparks
, elusive , yet inexplicably
welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
to visit , this laboratory of laughter
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i
it 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .
if also somewhat hermetic .
all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment
who are enthusiastic about something and then
, ( haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
amazement
old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle
admirable reconstruction
though clearly well-intentioned
walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes .
psychologically probing
is actually one of its strengths
of a big , tender hug
itself -- as well its delightful cast --
daring and
this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor
is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
an eventual cult classic would be an understatement
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
rape and suspected murder
can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
give it considerable punch
the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
, it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
composed delivery
visual style
the real deal
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .
it ultimately delivers
smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors
`` bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
confident
is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
most elusive
a hugely enjoyable film
is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
he does display an original talent
jovial
may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
gentle , lapping rhythms of this film
gets full mileage
preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .
the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell
performances
last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
following up a delightful , well-crafted family film
better movie experience
katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .
be an astronaut
( a ) smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .
a gripping drama .
undeniably fascinating and playful fellow
stand in future years as an eloquent memorial
keep my attention
should strike a nerve in many .
a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington
seems to really care
well acted by diane lane and richard gere .
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .
terrific casting and
the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane
wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program .
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and
incorporates so much
we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .
as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism
to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
is corcuera 's attention to detail .
onto a different path
large cast
amounts of beautiful movement and inside information
a great cast
admirable storyteller
it celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '
deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark
meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .
the astute direction
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .
conservative christian parents
catapulting the artist
a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
on its way
there 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .
beautiful , entertaining two hours
the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome
views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
captivates and shows
something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow
that is gorgeously
, the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son .
sprightly
it was worth your seven bucks
will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses
in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers
has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and
this funny film
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
gloriously unsubtle
in its over-the-top way
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller
quite fun in places
much more successful translation
's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet
, i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal
the visual wit of the previous pictures
these lives count
he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
an attention
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .
has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch
sometimes is a brilliant movie .
affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life
rapt spell
proves himself a deft pace master and stylist
touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty
hands-on storytelling
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but
eighties
that it 's actually watchable
good for this sucker
wrapping the theater
visual coming right
but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and
gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done
the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times ,
a well-mounted history lesson
works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .
is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
's an energy to y tu mamá también .
of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references ,
what 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .
an earnest moment
female friendship ,
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .
from bill plympton , the animation master ,
the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances
rouses us
the adjective ` gentle '
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933
explosive physical energy
jovial air
cleverly written
infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller
screen magic
liked about schmidt a lot
a sensitive and astute
love and culture
a golden book sprung to life
is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
recommend the film
twisted , brilliant and macabre
his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality
good job
delicate coming-of-age tale
animal
like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy
compassion , sacrifice ,
ideas and special-interest groups
is delicately
frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''
make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable
gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
a strong and confident work
a tearjerker
does all of this , and more
surprise family
raw-nerved story
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '
i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .
excited
that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and
, paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
a slam-dunk
wiseman is patient
improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end
putting together any movies of particular value or merit
cultural and personal self-discovery
a solidly entertaining little film
about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative
bisset
witty , vibrant , and intelligent
girls , who learns that believing in something does matter
lina
country
cinematography and exhilarating
bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
vibrant introduction
benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness --
tremendous skill
, the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
straightforward and strikingly devious
help but engage an audience
one of the greatest films
this is a movie you can trust .
nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book
sustain a good simmer for most of its running time
you 'll probably love it .
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking
ambitious comic escapade
has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie
replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain
it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller
worthwhile glimpse
of enthralling drama
begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ?
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
super
a thriller ,
, even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
a movie full of grace
all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut
join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love
deliver a few gut-busting laughs
has a great cast and a great idea
a flair for dialogue comedy
definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . '
touching as the son 's room
you still have to see this !
zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .
animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool
new , or inventive ,
renewal
is suitably elegant
superstar
presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .
work -- is charming , is moving
use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d
life ,
, and better
full circle
honesty
this wild welsh whimsy
jaw-dropping
goose things up
delightful , if minor , pastry
recommend it enough
a rare window on an artistic collaboration
you have to pay if you want to see it
could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt
dignified
definitely worth 95 minutes
leaves us laughing
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
pretty well
completely familiar
a witty , whimsical feature debut .
recommend big bad love
vastly improved germanic version
( unintentionally ) funniest moments
a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill
this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
finely cut diamond
slick production values and
although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
( reno ) delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .
its own languorous charm
, it still works .
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but
positive ( if tragic )
paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here
presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
as possibly the best actor working in movies today
boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
refreshingly realistic , affectation-free
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant
love for the movies of the 1960s
'm not
as simultaneously funny , offbeat and
cgi effects
really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . '
kissing
, thoroughly involving
compelling coming-of-age drama
as director of the escort service was inspired
happy !
is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
a lovely and beautifully
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
fast and funny ,
heart-string plucking
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably
that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion
true emotions
exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals .
finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson
flick worthy
spectacularly well
good b movies
an appealing blend
possesses its own languorous charm .
wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too
a work of entertainment
is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
succeed merrily at their noble endeavor
austin powers films
their heroic capacity
play hannibal lecter
visually stunning
an enormous feeling
fast , funny , and even touching story
first place
gentle and humane
it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative
a genuine mind-bender .
storytelling prowess
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
of the most inventive
love a joy
a terrific b movie
cho 's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances
it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
pg-13
is presented with universal appeal
pander to our basest desires
our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent
is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic
be fruitful
a solid emotional impact
moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .
remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck
is the piece works brilliantly
is one of the year 's best films
tradition and warmth
smart ,
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .
some cute moments , funny scenes ,
had from films crammed with movie references
philosophical visual coming right
at least three films
delightfully dour
be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
elaborate special effects take center screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .
be an honest and loving one
endearing about it
who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )
in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love
but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
a magnetic performance
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director
the most wondrous love story
journalistic or historical
tackled a meaty subject
writer / director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze --
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' .
's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough
been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over
spain
as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
my precious new star wars movie
the visceral sensation
in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
most colorful and controversial
is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
a fun , no-frills ride
the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking
to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , '
a mesmerizing one
it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...
a good documentary
full-bodied characterizations
but fun
there 's no reason to miss interview with the assassin
splendid-looking
time frame right
has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .
this enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
an extraordinary film ,
traffic
an otherwise excellent film
star charisma
will have a barrie good time
liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
's fun , wispy
davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully
to enjoy
most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
a smart
this colorful bio-pic
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless
, marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
wildly fascinating
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different
it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life
imaginative and successful
the star-making machinery
of the world 's most fascinating stories
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies ,
four hankies
feeling like no other film in recent history
symbiotic
wo n't be disappointed .
of the rollicking dark humor so necessary
a good thing
, it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
the pure adrenalin
genuinely funny
the comedy was funny
take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one .
most daring , and complicated
some of the most inventive
carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
a new , or inventive , journey
seem smart and well-crafted
fires on all plasma conduits
agile performers
( cho 's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
does dickens as it should be done cinematically
becomes a testament
well-made evocation
has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
look american angst in the eye and end up laughing
of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.
is still charming here .
has never been more charming than in about a boy .
offer much more than the series
a knowing
'' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
authentic feel
absolutely
pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous .
touches smartly and wistfully
honesty and
call the ` wow ' factor
astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done
powerful act
the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
heavyweight film
a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation
with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance
sheer unbridled delight
for on-screen chemistry
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending .
's a rare window on an artistic collaboration
greenlight
according to wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and
that he will once again be an honest and loving one
is an interesting character
keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
so intensely , but with restraint
has an infectious enthusiasm
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but )
clever , offbeat and
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them
is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm
with poetic force and buoyant feeling
most entertaining bonds
sane person
marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances
a goofy pleasure
penetrating ,
a delightful lark
multilayered
's fun for kids of any age
welcome and heartwarming addition
of moral compromise
enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
occasional jarring glimpses
will find it more than capable of rewarding them
most notable
under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun
's fun
both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
big , juicy role
-- as well its delightful cast --
inspire
delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .
has kind of an authentic feel
kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
, blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
believed in their small-budget film
this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
energetic frontman
sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form
as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
without placing their parents in a coma-like state
from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
bring cohesion
that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati
such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many
discreet filmmakers
chilling movie
, the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
completely loveable
vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess
in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
after decades
much credit
never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
keep you watching ,
what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in
refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm
for its profound humanity
as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming
, every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 .
are just two of the elements that will grab you .
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair
heartfelt and hilarious
you reach the finale
easily marketable
if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
its oscar nomination
characteristically engorged
's fun , wispy ,
for all its problems ... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
complex and honest
uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
there 's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
rowdy slapstick
that rarity among sequels
is marveilleux .
cheered at just that
have n't laughed that hard in years !
it has considerable charm .
a work of deft and subtle poetry
integrating the characters in the foreground
manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience
the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare
life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
first-class road movie
collective
an electric pencil sharpener
wonderful but sometimes confusing
be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this
the effort is sincere
deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
fresh point
a coming-of-age story and
considerable punch
stately sense
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and
sweet , funny
is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
sexy and romantic .
bring their characters to life .
cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement .
cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .
a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
witty updatings ( silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around )
adroit
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .
the national lampoon film franchise
's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do
fit
will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael
striking about jolie 's performance
waiting for godard can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .
bullock 's memorable first interrogation
music videos
unique and
turn out to be delightfully compatible here
action and
all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
that is both gripping and compelling
clever ,
veteran
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent
pow
thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery
( and better
a fascinating , dark thriller
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .
still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
big summer movies
historically significant , and personal , episode
has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies
's simultaneously painful and refreshing
effortlessly
quirky movie
a very good time at the cinema
this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years
real magic
, the film does pack some serious suspense .
this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time
` life affirming '
whose charms are immediately apparent
penetrating , impenetrable
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .
add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
's good-natured and sometimes quite funny
a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music
offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
clever and subtle
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design
understand everyone 's point of view
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but
through this film
even as it points out how inseparable the two are
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies --
the big shear
the film buzz and whir
there 's something there
've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane
comic skill
transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor
big fat liar is a real charmer
she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here
a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils
a crowd-pleaser , but then , so
breathtaking adventure
photographed and beautifully
fantastically vital
its storytelling prowess and special effects
slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms
a grand picture of an era
love , family and
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and
pleasantly and predictably
interesting ''
it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights
loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version
sweet , charming tale
real-life happening
a spectacular performance - ahem
as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
dedicated artists
it 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
the best case for christianity
omnibus tradition
extremely talented
a good three days
wonderful fencing scenes
only one of the best gay love stories ever made
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .
is an absolute delight for all audiences
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .
fairly straightforward
... had this much imagination and nerve
wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .
undeniably gorgeous , terminally
gentle and humane side
of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
even more reassuring
the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
leaps over national boundaries
in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality ,
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility
of its actors
truths emerge .
all the more compelling
to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
pitch-perfect acting
its characters and its audience
its empowerment
pray has really done his subject justice .
odd but ultimately satisfying blend
major-league
light , silly , photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time .
quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
a bright future ahead of him
to which it succeeds
come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy
8 crazy nights
a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .
one of the finest
's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need
innovative
film a must
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
more spirit and bite
passionate enthusiasms
enlightened by any of derrida 's
a terrifically entertaining specimen
most famous
's easy to love robin tunney
vastly entertaining
its mind
give strong and convincing performances
its star
but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
clever and unflinching
be the movie you 're looking for
its gender politics , genre thrills
a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
work up
little gem
are reflected in almost every scene .
it 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .
it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever
is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham
was reading the minds of the audience
the rare movie
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema
as anything much more
enjoys the friday series
one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .
haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
supremely kittenish
do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
give life
cohesive story
movie-star intensity
to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
an intellectual exercise
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title
a place in your heart
that will capture the minds and hearts of many
a potent chemistry
the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life .
the source material movie
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting
a riveting story
, entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment
slickest
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
positively
a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out
highly watchable stuff .
's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .
unifying rhythm
refreshingly realistic
may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear
an entertaining british hybrid
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
life , hand gestures ,
for people who make movies and watch them
of the year 's best
bravado kathy !
is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief
shenanigans and slapstick
best didacticism
's a scorcher .
really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
above much of the director 's previous popcorn work
the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess .
a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier
by a bravura performance
arty and jazzy
original is its content , look , and style
in ireland over a man
building to a laugh riot
should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
the best script that besson has written in years
a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style
up walking out not only satisfied but
sixties-style slickness
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes
of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters
like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
clever dialogue and likeable characters
to entertain or inspire its viewers
of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever
spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .
passion and pretence
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you
italian pinocchio
takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us
that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
is thought-provoking
smart , funny
's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships
comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
uneven but a lot of fun .
, what makes the movie fresh
there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
astonishing is n't the word --
at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
really a true
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .
filled with raw emotions
preserving
inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just
compassionately portrayed
satisfying conclusions
, it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie ,
with music and laughter
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves
distinguished and
drama .
naturally funny film
is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .
's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
animated thoughts
ambiguities that make it well worth watching
distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies
cool
it 's hard not to be carried away
be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
surprisingly charming and even witty
in an intricate plot
both heartbreaking and heartwarming
its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future
even more important
big splash
is truly funny ,
full of detail
some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences
manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
this well-meaning , beautifully produced film
be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow
is still worth hearing .
be familiar
martin is a masterfully conducted work .
is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore .
by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline
paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear
of honest working folk
solid action pic
humorous and heartfelt
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and
cute factor
that this likable movie is n't more accomplished
the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself
liberating ability
trademark grin
a soulful , incisive meditation
soars every bit as high
accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick
are the greatest musicians of all time
powerful and moving
classic cinema served up with heart and humor
makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
would be a welcome improvement
extra-large cotton candy
alternative housing options
throbbing sincerity
like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
good sources ,
hollywood satire
an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and
is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos
's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
social and political potential
there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys
a poem of art , music and metaphor
when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned
freshness , imagination and insight
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting ,
to make a classic theater piece
have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
irresistibly than in ` baran
is , also , frequently hilarious
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
you feel what they feel
poignant
come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .
so many talented people could participate in such an
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic ,
, proves it 's never too late to learn .
arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
fascinate me
, `` mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
, most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story
like real life
promises
a buoyant delivery
regret , love , duty and friendship
must indeed
b +
a string of exotic locales
-- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english --
look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage
it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .
with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor
capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances
the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
most beautiful , evocative
that 's best served cold
keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .
has a great cast and a great idea .
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock .
clever credits roll
, serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
of the best movies of the year
the talents of its attractive young leads
welcome , if downbeat , missive
plenty of nudity
has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
marveilleux
the layered richness
adrenaline jolt
builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
seen or heard anything quite like this film
intimate feeling
moments of inspired humor
is more complex and honest
know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea
fun-for-fun
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
wildly popular vin diesel
greatness
that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
deliciously slow .
into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games
takes you by the face
anyone who loves both dance and cinema
nair does n't treat the issues lightly .
covers this territory with wit and originality ,
good b movies ( the mask , the blob )
can easily worm its way into your heart
marquis
the most high-concept sci fi adventures
is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .
polished and
writer-director david jacobson and
the folks who prepare
silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life
go see this delightful comedy
a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema
crack cast
wondrously
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and
high drama ,
also will win you over , in a big way
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies
it 's a very sincere work ,
respects the material
is casual and fun
a gem
while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
provocative piece
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular .
is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains .
truly edgy
alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight
wholesome and subversive
a good time with this one too
interesting storyline
manage to get you under its spell
is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin .
cleverly constructed
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
jackson is always watchable .
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
have to see it
is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year
trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' .
a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers ...
should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
with a few lingering animated thoughts
see the movie
an extraordinary film , not least
an important political documentary
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world
it 's a spirited film and a must-see
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .
is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters
a winning comedy
when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama
it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
adequately
at least one damn fine horror movie
family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
, this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
are moments of hilarity to be had .
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
whole thing
provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought
a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse
strike a chord with anyone who 's ever
our best achievements
, is extraordinary .
that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters
's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest
mesmerizing cinematic poem
subtle and visceral
a real writer plot
faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original
childhood imagination
brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
parody .
it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
spoofs
enjoyable above average summer diversion
you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor
, then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
story to show us why it 's compelling
of visual charm
hard-driving
it ca n't be dismissed as mindless
a comedic context
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
bluto blutarsky , we miss you .
are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise
feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism
into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style
the all-french cast is marveilleux .
holds up
, it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message
its emotional power and moments of revelation
for something entertaining
derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
( breheny 's ) lensing
be funny , uplifting and moving
recommended
with some glimpses of nature and family warmth
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy
succeeds
what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective
well-deserved
a greater knowledge
a great
the overall experience is awesome
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series
a well-put-together piece
the culture clash comedies
of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
a serious exploration
animation master
spontaneous intimacy
acted , quietly affecting cop drama
the exotic world
its charms and its funny moments
as fresh or enjoyable
and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
chuckle
of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
unique niche
some outrageously creative action in the transporter
hollywood kids
, it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
revisionist
a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
smart-aleck movie
down-to-earth
is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity
carry the film with their charisma
at least during their '70s heyday
most original
as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects
has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .
the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .
lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve
clever concept
the sum
of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries
a visually masterful work of quiet power
fascinating and playful
pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
often food-spittingly
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up .
offering an original
attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
of veracity and narrative grace
hugely rewarding experience
it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men
, and dramatically moving
a serious contender
surprising winner
of cute animals and clumsy people
a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .
a hit -
outdoes its spectacle
's also nice to see a movie with its heart
... the plot weaves us into a complex web .
it fascinating
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from
fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat
raw emotions
is one of the greatest date movies in years
educates
most audacious ,
sucks you in
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .
an accomplished actress
encouraging effort
intricate magic
fairly trite narrative
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ...
a distinguished and thoughtful film
at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
clever ideas
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries
is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke
attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
dazzling , remarkably unpretentious
remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
curiously stylized
the odd enjoyably chewy lump
a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment
a deep bow
liked sometimes
that is part biography , part entertainment and part history
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry
deeply absorbing piece
is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll
dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction
audacious ambitions
hard-won
who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate
in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes
whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen .
simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
play their roles with vibrant charm
is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
immensely ambitious
's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .
ideally
delightful surprise
being exciting
with all the usual spielberg flair
actually has something interesting to say
brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before
are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk
he drags it back , single-handed .
whose achievements -- and complexities --
in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties
most purely enjoyable and satisfying
fiercely intelligent
give credit to everyone from robinson
have a barrie good time
are both excellent
are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
literal
the rueful , wry humor
a vehicle to savor binoche 's skill
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study
improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
once subtle and visceral
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing
sometimes beautiful
les
in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
that is actually funny without hitting below the belt
a charmer from belgium
fabulously
equals the original
have one saving grace
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater
good ,
virtue
a solid pedigree
the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
, in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack ,
cleverness
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film
more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him
, intricate magic
is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan ''
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
erotically frank
a breadth of vision and
that makes the formula fresh again
playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery
scott 's convincing portrayal
make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching .
subtle
he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter '
's easy to like and always leaves us laughing
's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking
a spielberg trademark
realized through clever makeup design ,
funny popcorn
if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding
justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival
uses grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos
a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
, most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but
colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .
better thriller
powerful , chilling , and affecting study
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .
still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull
reaffirms life
stress-reducing
that 's hard to resist
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it
entertaining and moving
's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters
is a tale worth catching
a condition only the old are privy to
certainly does n't disappoint .
treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film
genuine mind-bender .
bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival
's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .
elegant and
the best thing i can say about this film is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next .
entertained by the sight of someone
for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film
loved
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what
clever and very satisfying
a rollicking
heroic deserves a look
beyond all expectation
to confront their problems openly
elegant wit and artifice
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .
unifying
he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance
, while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
a very distinctive sensibility
recharged
a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach
find comfort in familiarity
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise
her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic
astringent wit
a frightening and compelling ` what if
inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic
what a concept
lyrical and celebratory vision
excessively quirky
intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation
with a screenplay to die for
shining
any thinking person is bound to appreciate
quiet , confident craftsmanship
laughs --
music fans
is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
tequila bender
rank with its worthy predecessors
'll be rewarded with some fine acting
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .
a powerfully evocative mood
the real triumphs in igby
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .
infrequently breathtaking
one of the most interesting writer/directors
elevates the experience to a more mythic level
danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
win you over
is a work of outstanding originality
's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film
a powerful sequel
the filmmakers know how to please the eye ,
, ivan is a prince of a fellow
his sentimental journey
a powerful , naturally dramatic piece
more charming than in about a boy
's episode of behind the music
a witty , whimsical feature debut
too great
of the best war movies ever made
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
in the very top rank of french filmmakers
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance .
into the complexities of the middle east struggle and
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
adventure and song
soulful
lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
like a party
do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
creepy and dead-on
insanely hilarious !
delicious crime drama
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale
that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country
the energetic frontman
that the highest power of all is the power of love
( f ) rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
, there are great rewards here .
lady
carries you
it all plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out .
historically significant , and personal
too easily
she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .
it 's good enough for our girls
fantastic visual trope
the material seem genuine rather than pandering
ravishing , baroque beauty
spiffy bluescreen technique and
capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
good-naturedly cornball sequel .
is the best star trek movie in a long time
straight from the ages
compassion ,
the positive change in tone
an assurance worthy
as beautiful , desirable , even delectable ,
acted offbeat thriller
you 'll still be glued to the screen .
( and lovely )
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music
to my great pleasure
with depth
a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit
with remarkable skill
laudable in themselves
succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
entertaining ride
's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater
rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
very attractive about this movie
with the delight of discovery
sweet , even delectable diversion
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen
sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up
the most original american productions
payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
the genius of the work
painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people
merits
robin tunney
the closest thing to the experience of space travel
is nevertheless compelling
fine , focused
the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining .
to honor the many faceless victims
a movie star
of the charm of satin rouge
ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera
us love it , too .
the effort is sincere and
infatuation
in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
deep feeling
are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one
` ron seal the deal
fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill
thought-provoking and
most memorable
keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
with tremendous promise
gently
poetic ,
earnest dramaturgy
a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn
eloquence , spiritual challenge
a fascinating
something wholly original
vibrant and intoxicating fashion
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits ,
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
like a tarantino movie with heart
you feel alive - which is what they did
captivating drama
a tone poem of transgression .
captivates as it
talented director
wonderfully sprawling
jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
particularly original
be the end of the world
sentimentalizing
strong erotic
than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter
willing to have fun with it
is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan .
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
the opulent lushness of every scene
as splendid-looking as this particular film
won -- and
nice evening out
's as entertaining as it is instructive
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery
enter and accept another world
some very good acting , dialogue ,
`` mr. deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good
even if you 've seen `` stomp '' ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this !
, the movie is powerful and provocative .
( it 's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
thrusts the audience
we all lose track of ourselves by trying
enter
sobering cautionary tale
breathtakingly spectacular
the brilliant surfing photography
margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .
vibrant charm
the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .
an engaging storyline
as timely as tomorrow
as entertainment
is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue
unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters
flourish
better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
good actors
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images .
the gallic ` tradition of quality
of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys
manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
the term epic cinema
never becomes claustrophobic
sane and healthy
is painterly .
shakespeare 's macbeth
quite admirable
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise ,
takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving
talented writer/director anderson
in full consciousness
will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half
creeps into your heart .
engaging charisma
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message
is a trove of delights
it is nevertheless compelling
delight in the images
this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes
of your seat , tense with suspense
, tender hug
from a groundbreaking endeavor
geared
, the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
it 's sweet .
bilingual charmer
of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,
imaginative through out
never feels draggy
a fascinating case study
been remarkable
a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart
have a whale of a good time
seem to get a coherent rhythm going
gender-bending comedy
than the real thing
captured the chaos of an urban conflagration
, really , really good things can come in enormous packages
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
juicy role
it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .
captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
good as the original
genuine and singular artist
has made its way into your very bloodstream
'd watch these two together again in a new york minute
ambitious `
a really funny movie
ago
worthy and
that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday
is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .
to look at or understand
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .
to fully endear itself to american art house audiences
visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .
lush , swooning melodrama
tried-and-true
of sensitive observation
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism ,
, they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
humor , warmth , and intelligence
its visual panache
beauty or humor
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side
to champion the fallibility of the human heart
quiet power
the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .
more relevant than 9 1/2 weeks
a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive
cleverly worked out
of the more influential works
foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster
like the best of godard 's movies
had been developed with more care
is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
huge heart
a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling
quirky , charming and
is authentic .
an intense indoor drama
with aplomb
have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own
feel the beat down to your toes
love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
perfectly
home
an action/thriller of the finest kind
a buoyant romantic comedy
kwan 's unique directing style
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but
examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm
offer any new insight
bring out joys in our lives
of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
the process comes out looking like something wholly original
uniquely
perdition
- kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and
are beautiful
told , with superb performances throughout
like life
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
sweetness and
improved
that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist
fantasy of a director 's travel
the far superior film
for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance
amaze
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people ,
an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter
confident enough
evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it
a strong pulse
star power
kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance
a meatier
maelstrom is strange and compelling
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation
those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself
amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio
odd and intriguing
awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written ,
usual tear
engage children
you feel good
a sultry evening
apparent joy
live-wire film
this story still seems timely and important .
deliciously exploitative
geniality
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all
an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate
that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty
various sources
that 's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career
a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done
like all four of the lead actors a lot
delicate treatment
the easy emotional buttons
a climactic hero 's
are universal and involving
is so earnest in its yearning for the days
brings to a spectacular completion one
satisfactory overview
observant , unfussily poetic meditation
has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
historic
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message
forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s
france 's foremost cinematic poet
a welcome and heartwarming addition
everlasting
heartfelt conviction
to his supple understanding of the role
playful spirit
a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages --
the charm of kevin kline
this girl
seem sure of where it should go
have been worth cheering as a breakthrough
one of the best movies of the year .
fine acting
will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
it 's all arty and jazzy
fast and
best silly horror movies
good humor
see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
a beauty to behold
trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it
so striking
build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
good poetry
to make it worth watching
, storytelling is far more appealing
stylists
, ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
big round eyes and
allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue
very well
on the brink of major changes
a fascinating , bombshell documentary
is pure punk existentialism
the most ingenious film
knows its classical music , knows its freud and
touching british comedy
beautifully shot ,
is as adult as you can get
otherwise good
provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
vividly
fresh
an unflinching and objective look
a solid base hit .
enigma is well-made
infuses the film
gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences
a sane and breathtakingly creative film
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and
mannered
treasure chest
a heroine
a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ...
, promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
their intelligence
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie
pinnacle
90-plus
strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
an overcooked soufflé
is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years
sincerely crafted picture
tricky and satisfying as any of david
it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life
such life-embracing spirit
ultimately , `` mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle
all the filmmakers need to do
in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth
contemplative , and
wonderful , imaginative
enormously endearing
unusually surreal
less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) .
little morality tale
was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be
one of the best silly horror movies
strokes the eyeballs
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions
makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
the humor wry and
writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed
look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
very well-acted
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .
to bowling you over
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
comedy special
most effective
little time
lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner laurence coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage
has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones
charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular
a much funnier film
yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .
the fantastic and the believable
an interest
has something fascinating
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château
the recording sessions
the rare imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .
by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors
wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths
and artistic transcendence
treat .
retaining an integrity
a natural sense for what works
throw elbows when necessary
a funny moment
an intensely lived time ,
employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing
brave
sinister inspiration
but no-nonsense human beings they are and
competent , unpretentious entertainment
has a way of seeping into your consciousness
tooled action thriller about love and terrorism
breezy blend
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .
attracting audiences
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
contributions
an amusement
has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
handsome
a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock
mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor ,
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us ,
beneath otherwise tender movements
follow-your-dream
is no denying the power of polanski 's film
match his ambition
of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
really solid woody allen film
opulent
with splendid singing
an intelligent person
small , sweet ` evelyn
if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .
the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
to break free of her old life
terrific casting
their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment
technically proficient and
a chilly , brooding but quietly
proper home
his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
is their resemblance to everyday children .
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .
is one of the best actors there is
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically ,
as a detailed personal portrait
that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but
crane 's decline with unblinking candor
sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
more of : spirit , perception , conviction
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
teeth-clenching
the movie is brilliant , really .
entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal
barely realize your mind is being blown .
of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme
make it well worth watching
integrating the characters
brave and
in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look
modestly surprising movie
wondrous beats
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen
ability to shock and amaze
a fascinating character 's
more adventurous
sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit
more than their unique residences
... strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
the flowering of the south korean cinema
( and lovely ) experiment
george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .
undeniably fascinating and playful
crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope
piercing and feisty
not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
urban comedy
exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk
is a brilliant movie .
feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal
it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance .
above-average thriller
an elegant and sly deadpan
civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and
guiding lights
`` b +
one of france 's most inventive directors
tenacious
the brain is engaged
is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor
about the life
`` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
engaging manner and flamboyant style
cinematic
to his craft , but to his legend
is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his
yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless
about the general absurdity of modern life
to behold in its sparkling beauty
teacher
, this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
a remarkably alluring film
for sure
a fun and funky look
for everyone
rather unique approach
is oscar-worthy
watching intelligent people making a movie
the modern master
is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys
launch
with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
the pictures do the punching
terrific casting and solid execution
thrillers actually thrilled
is the sense that peace is possible
valley of the dolls
how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .
worm its way into your heart
spellbinding serpent 's
funniest motion
is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
ebullient
takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
its visual appeal
wholly believable and heart-wrenching
frightfest
look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor
star power , a pop-induced score
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play
focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .
great rewards
being able to tear their eyes away from the screen
with brooms and what is kind of special
is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .
tight and truthful
appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about
lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.
seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller
effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres
with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
candid ,
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like
more sophisticated and
show-stoppingly hilarious ,
is still worth hearing
right conditions
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny
that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability
gentle , lapping
presume
you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve .
much like a young robert deniro
jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory --
has any sting to it
see over and over
, you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox
surprisingly funny
mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic .
jump-in-your-seat moment
, this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation
it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
chamber of secrets
sublime
how
it also will win you over , in a big way
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and
prime mystery
it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker
about intelligent high school
an achievement
an engaging storyline ,
one film
bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period
a delightfully dour
it trusts the story it sets out to tell .
of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
been a good film in `` trouble every day
ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format
... could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 .
works its magic
the war of the roses , '
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic .
this dvd
of motherhood deferred and desire
spoofs and celebrates
broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
theories
it 's won
in a sincere performance
celebrated
the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
becomes an overwhelming pleasure
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but
are many tense scenes in trapped
the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
the art direction is often exquisite ,
a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters
might deliver again and again
scores a direct hit
fine documentary
once playful and haunting ,
delightful in the central role
the film 's final hour
waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over
thoughtful , subjective filmmaking
symbolic examination
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality
nelson 's intentions are good
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic
it 's black hawk down with more heart .
, then blood work is for you .
the general 's
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images
then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
is born to play shaggy !
subtle ironies and visual devices
be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film
potentially interesting
is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
family fare .
is ) a fascinating character ,
director claude chabrol
finds warmth in the coldest environment
this orange has some juice ,
historically significant , and personal ,
with exquisite craftsmanship ... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .
the film certainly does n't disappoint .
here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud .
noble teacher
graham greene 's novel
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
with spikes of sly humor
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard .
elegance and
buoyant delivery
most inventive directors
its luckiest viewers
visually striking and slickly staged
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .
recommend snow dogs
a brutal and funny
in all its director 's cut glory
, may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury
artful , watery tones
that 's better than its predecessor
some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings
, retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
improves on it ,
bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
to the power of women to heal
an original idea
all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
a miraculous movie
very dark and very funny
is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty
it 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .
seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters
an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion
of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen
overflows
austerity and forcefulness
sensational denouements
a gem of a movie .
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise .
may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations
it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity
honest and loving
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but
to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders
this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
this charming but slight tale
involved .
faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story
the community
he wants you to feel something
better than its predecessor
is very believable
sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
lightweight but appealing .
its courage ,
makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
ambiguous enough to be engaging
it holds itself
with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but
has never been smoother or more confident
is at once intimate and universal cinema .
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen .
the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope
brilliant and
he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .
cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera
halle berry does her best to keep up with him
of profound characterizations
the thrills pop up frequently
manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
for self-deprecating comedy
i laughed at
perform entertaining tricks
a guilty pleasure
small but rewarding comedy
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting
closer than many movies
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection
a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
of the elements that will grab you
exceptionally
engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
bless crudup
it 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
the final day of the season
something rare and riveting
as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
a class with that of wilde
's good
cutting-edge
highly professional film
rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . ''
manages to bring something new into the mix
by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations
a sense of wonder
its uncanny tale
her grace
will enjoy it
the finest
my ribcage
, the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
adding the rich details
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
stereotypes in good fun
with a game supporting cast
that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking
in white 's intermittently wise script
high-minded appeal
fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat
likeable characters
excruciatingly
armed with a game supporting cast ,
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) ,
the courageous molly craig
you 're engulfed by it .
true for being so hot-blooded
is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city
comedy , caper thrills
a damn fine and
the four primary actors
purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it
, funny and poignant
's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .
the sword fighting is well done and
, full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement
graphic treatment
, fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .
an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product
striking and
balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other
love a joy to behold
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts )
hefty helping
an amazing slapstick instrument
's coherent , well shot
an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players
all the right ways
easily one of the best and most exciting movies
smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
as intellectual masterpieces
provocative drama
this gender-bending comedy
casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired
is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
are some movies that hit you from the first scene
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress
add up to a satisfying crime drama
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait
ou 've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .
for with its heart
love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today
classic story
executed it takes your breath away
spite of it
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ...
rich
you actually buy into
the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies
's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
recent past
, witty and beneath
a nifty plot line
is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation
's awfully entertaining to watch .
high hilarity
laughed that hard
a monster movie
a sense of mystery
like something wholly original
of dreamlike ecstasy
timeless and
sweet , funny , charming ,
, and enjoyable
is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon .
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity
it 's a dark , gritty story but
come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
a beautiful paean to a time long past .
the forest
a beautifully observed character piece .
a solid action pic
a movie of riveting power and sadness .
make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
gut-busting
kill michael myers for good
the filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .
dave barry 's
argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works
loyal
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film
gives everyone something to shout about .
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished
its love
enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem
best actor
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ...
satirical touches
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it
sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
, told well by a master storyteller
life affirming and heartbreaking ,
of the bride 's humor is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
canny crowd pleaser
neatly and effectively
the beat of a different drum
technical achievement
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres
it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period
long after this film has ended
a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
most sparkling
his outstanding performance as bond in die
the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast
a beautiful film
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
magic and is enjoyable family fare .
its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful
for this illuminating comedy
captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece
embraced by this gentle comedy
deeply concerned with morality
the film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ?
rocks .
more recent successes
of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days
starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery
accentuating ,
has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people
excellent work
the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape :
a stunning film ,
affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
, cry and realize , ` it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
are priceless
had , lost , and got back
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington
an engaging ,
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
better characters , some genuine quirkiness and
sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll
greater
creepy and believable
his film crackles
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece
but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
that is richer than anticipated
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and
one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' .
find the small , human moments
as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form
's worth taking the kids to
with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
crime drama fare
has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
the greatest date movies
a visual treat
it 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story
evokes
will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
assured , vital and
visual appeal
, and of telling a fascinating character 's story
content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
beauty
the film is a good one
over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching
nonjudgmental
loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature
stallion of the cimarron is a winner .
a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable
below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart
this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
interesting developments
a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out
the amazing film work
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter
it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
bold
are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances
for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese
borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism
is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life
it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree
a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ...
that sense of openness , the little surprises
of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting
as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks
bigger , fatter heart
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
fresh and
ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers
an absolute joy
luminous
as a science fiction movie , `` minority report '' astounds .
, the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
emotionally satisfying exploration
to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear
has a funny moment or two
also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes
character piece
claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains .
hugely imaginative and successful casting
remarkable piece
washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .
is no rest period , no timeout
is nicely
with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach
more diverting and thought-provoking
draws the audience
merchant ivory productions
wind chimes
is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends
as one of the great films about movie love
rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
a perfect family film
be good
fascinating glimpse
to its great credit
is the far superior film .
honest and
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but
most thoughtful
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth .
place for a great film noir
serious and thoughtful
certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
the power of their surroundings
excited that it has n't gone straight to video
serious soul
humor and heart and
really quite funny .
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time ,
compellingly
intelligence
salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon
that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
the acting is just fine ,
, relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
a welcome relief
uncluttered , resonant gem
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city
a reasonably entertaining sequel
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be
our best achievements and
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte
a funny and touching film
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
it 's more than a worthwhile effort
frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
mordantly funny and intimately knowing
this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
giggling
leaves shockwaves
's that good .
swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
funniest jokes
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and
otherwise good movie
in swank apartments , clothes and parties
to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
a good race ,
warmth , wit and interesting characters
japan bustling
it gets to you .
the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
be as intelligent
a french film with a more down-home flavor
have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater
scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph
the leanest and meanest
alternately fascinating and frustrating
pretty
heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you
a provocative piece of work
shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough .
the pianist ( is ) a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life .
, we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .
two fine , nuanced lead performances
's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
duvall 's
one moment
the hero 's odyssey
( f ) rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative
refresh
creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro
to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
to mention absolutely refreshed .
echo of allusions
, secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
misconstrued as weakness
touched by this movie
suspenseful horror movie
top japanese animations
how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm
the beautiful images and solemn words
who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him
more than people
it 's fun ,
that kidman has become one of our best actors
have a reasonably good time with the salton sea
sweet without the decay
the wonderful cinematography
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
everett remains a perfect wildean actor
the essence of magic
i liked about it
grown-up film
a rare and lightly entertaining
particularly innovative
the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .
its moving story
to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
very touching
gentle , mesmerizing
a passionately inquisitive film
a glib but bouncy bit
( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality
, ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
awfully good , achingly human picture
thrills and extreme
, memorable cinematic experience
favor
... is , also , frequently hilarious .
sharp as the original
most magical and
is certainly easy to watch .
well paced and satisfying
in fact , it 's quite fun in places .
comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
may pick up new admirers
in marriage
breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special
if it 's filmed tosca that you want
to create something original
who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
an exhilarating experience .
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse
that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
star power ,
energetic and sweetly
of wit and dignity
amiable picture
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
moving and weighty
catch it ... if you can
gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .
retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode
thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films
now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects
vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
how admirably
religion that dares to question an ancient faith ,
's mildly interesting
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .
the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
of credible gender-provoking philosophy
of sensual delights and simmering violence
presented with great sympathy and intelligence
this is one summer film that satisfies
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .
with sensitivity and skill
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle '
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and
's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
moving and not infrequently breathtaking film
90-minute , four-star movie
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary ,
well-crafted film
is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .
this is even better than the fellowship .
is still charming
wonderful cinematography
a sophisticated flower child 's
ki-deok
that memorable
excellent music
is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity
well-written and occasionally challenging social drama
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job
with promise
reel in the audience
the concert footage is stirring
clean and
less mature
in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications
could hardly ask for more
graceful dual narrative
involved ,
among the many pleasures
combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
the humor wry
whose engaging manner and flamboyant style
strength and sense
its punchy style promises
is quite beautiful
is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation
is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
sickeningly real
radical action
beautiful and mysterious
a talking head documentary , but a great one
story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers ''
a persuasive
, this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough
attractive and talented
seemingly sincere personal reflection
wrap the proceedings up neatly
emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt
a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year
mind-bender .
's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again
with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style
own brilliance
such a good job of it
is the drama within the drama
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .
their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious --
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star
as crisp and to the point
wears its empowerment
greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise
the punch lines
visually masterful work
the best sports movie i 've ever seen .
love sweetly
, it 's a very very strong `` b + . ''
made a more sheerly beautiful film
a lovely film for the holiday season .
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
, scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
by anne-sophie birot
banter-filled comedy
, you 'll still have a good time . ''
know what it wants to be
adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism
the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
intriguing and realistic
this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend
filming the teeming life
landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs
romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale
everything meshes in this elegant entertainment
enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
the pleasure of watching them
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
the actors ' perfect comic timing and
different than anything that 's been done before
paean
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director
in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
is just fine
, endearing , masterful
intriguing , provocative
satisfying complete picture
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film
sublimely beautiful
that real natural , even-flowing tone
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .
for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance
a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout
a beautiful film ,
... it 's robert duvall !
speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates
woven together handsomely
kooky which should appeal to women
hand it to director george clooney
is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime
the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often
portrays their cartoon counterparts well ...
much of the action takes place
a worldly-wise and very funny script
is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
what 's most memorable about circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .
love 's
marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i
thanks to the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation
lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting
penetrating , potent exploration
be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
musical numbers
of loving
i thought the relationships were wonderful ,
this deeply affecting film
payne has created a beautiful canvas ,
parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .
wickedly funny
of almost bergmanesque intensity
a sharp movie
's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media
positively thrilling combination
energy and geniality
same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .
for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation
the lively intelligence
reasonably intelligent
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .
inspirational prep-school professors
congrats disney on a job
originality , humor and pathos
more mature
the concentration
skillful and
can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
, but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .
something original
it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness
truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination
an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
manage to keep things interesting
the gorgeous piano
acumen
won
eloquent clarity
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding
happens to be that rarity among sequels
the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise ,
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .
prime
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year ,
watchable
rise above its disgusting source material
to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll
are certainly welcome
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .
its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves
treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .
both inspiring and pure joy
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs
handheld
exquisitely performed
a live-wire film
if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .
a funny little movie
before the plot kicks into gear
comedy goes
taking them
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto ,
wow
she 's pretty and
a compelling yarn , but not quite a
immensely
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .
have fun in this cinematic sandbox
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced .
casual filmgoers
deeply touching melodrama
deliver
... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .
sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story
mildly engaging central romance
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .
gripping and
figures prominently in this movie ,
's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
at their noble endeavor
of one man 's quest to be president
's brilliant
the quirky and recessive charms
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine ,
parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit
a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
subtlety and warmth
-- do n't worry
often intense character study
of whimsy
good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again
a funny no-brainer
in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances
satire and unabashed sweetness
strong directorial stamp
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life
cool .
leatherbound
the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .
the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
adaptation 's success
genitals
nearly epic
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .
a fine ,
kind of terrific
intricate preciseness
his most personal
will leave fans clamoring for another ride
their perceptiveness about their own situations
notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness
be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
terrific story
if you think it 's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy the hot chick .
garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man
you 're too interested to care .
is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import
warm , fuzzy
's funny ,
the charm and little
obsessive love
of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
works so well
is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
interested in entertaining itself
a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion
is wise
himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
serenity
funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
a radiant character portrait
schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
to the head of the class of women 's films
psychological thriller
its sense of fun or energy
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
sade achieves the near-impossible
better than sorcerer 's stone
is beautiful
decides
cold , nervy and memorable .
making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives
british comedy
brilliant motion picture
see this movie with my sisters
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's
the most entertaining moments
to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally
compelling dramatic means
its sheer dynamism
reveals itself
large rewards
freely
easily accessible stories
sports-movie triumph
knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade
with some laughs and a smile
a smutty guilty pleasure
it 's true
to be too great
a powerful look at a failure of our justice system
both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting
delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
is more in love with strangeness than excellence .
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and
scariest movie
, duty and friendship
tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
is worth searching out .
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids
workmanlike in the extreme
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but
a much funnier film with a similar theme
hyper-realistic images
a stylish cast
wondrous love story
charming result
emotional depth
disney 's great past
life-altering
sneaks up on you
davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy
among the best films of the year
goofy way
a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
between realistic characters
a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario
lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise
riveted to our seats
as their natural instinct for self-preservation
that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
at once both refreshingly different and
in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
brought to life on the big screen .
sparse but oddly compelling
it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
as another key contribution
provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
full of life and small delights --
a well-deserved reputation
remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics
the working
such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy
impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial
a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking
the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style
believable and
's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
heartwarming
's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd
a pleasant and engaging enough
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking
awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
funny stuff
's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument
a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .
have been kind enough to share it
will win you over , in a big way
, it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
something impressive and yet lacking about everything
a fascinating study of isolation and frustration
have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
raw emotion
wholesome fantasy
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it .
will be occupied for 72 minutes .
an unmistakable , easy joie
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias ,
egypt from 1998
a certain robustness
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast .
thanks
a load of good
to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned
as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
a compelling look
in some delightful work on indie projects
gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .
and much better
understands the grandness of romance
as daring as john ritter 's glory days
as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough
the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .
home alabama
a reasonable degree
first and foremost ... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .
a conventional but heartwarming tale
of strong voices
the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
how both evolve
is handsome
growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and
another first-rate performance
excellent latin actors
frighteningly fascinating
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music .
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand .
found his groove
the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .
a consistent embracing humanity
powerful and astonishingly vivid
a larger-than-life figure
wonderful creatures
stay for the credits
the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose
characteristically startling visual style
ultimately satisfying
, mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
revitalize
palatable presentation
when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
enjoy this movie
to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own
( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context ,
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them
's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
if the film is well-crafted and this one is
is reliable
in fact , even better
the early and middle passages
it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose
allowing us to find the small , human moments , and
an eminently engrossing film
timeless spectacle
comic chiller
a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings
greatest adventure
comeback
fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
very distinctive sensibility
an after school special
with their charisma
are well done and perfectly
it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered
go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance
this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
a dazzling dream
enjoy themselves
satisfies with its moving story
the cinematic equivalent
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
be funny , uplifting and moving ,
a great companion piece to other napoleon films
decent-enough nail-biter
engrossing melodrama
film : honest
`` minority report '' astounds .
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history ,
seem authentic
heartwarming and
` grandeur ' shots
being wickedly funny and just plain wicked
new york locales and sharp writing
evolve
united states
exercise in style and mystification .
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing
to conceive anyone else in their roles
dodge
trying to get out
is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
honored screen veteran
realized on the screen
is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
finds a nice rhythm
which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home
mysterious ,
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest .
is a great film
wonder .
the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear
coy but exhilarating
leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
sensual and
winning , heartwarming yarn
it is clearly a good thing .
suspenseful argentinian thriller
more colorful , more playful tone
of hopeful
is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
damning and damned compelling .
the five writers
any fiction
, decisive moments
'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal
worthy substitute
does sound promising in theory
this cinderella story
a visual delight and
for originality of plot
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .
, surprising romance
preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
detailed down to the signs on the kiosks
palpable chemistry
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .
makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment
my enjoyment
these two literary figures , and even the times
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 --
authentically
every single scene
salvation
that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
whole package
of animation enthusiasts of all ages
possibilities
when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
transcend its clever concept
is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
carries us effortlessly from darkness
make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience
can find humor
first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart
delivers the goods
rich and exciting
there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
intelligent and
can take credit for most of the movie 's success
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity
an enjoyable trifle
you 're willing to have fun with it
is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
a tale worth catching
allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
it offers large rewards
they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
its courage , ideas
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election ,
its welcome with audiences several years
pure composition and
makes for a touching love story ,
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .
a meaty subject
does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity
birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
goofiest
its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion
exposé , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining .
cute alien creature
all the small moments and flashbacks
comfort
entertaining two hours
in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
a wonderful , imaginative script
find love in the most unlikely place
-- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english
character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller
with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is
the scariest movie
sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron
fling
thinking man
ingenious and often harrowing
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc .
after next
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
the wit and revolutionary spirit
about each other against all odds
all that matters
even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
content and narrative strength
a grand tour
shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting
should drop everything and run to ichi
gutsy
never thought i 'd say this
strong and
this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen .
a fresh infusion
good , dry , reliable textbook
that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
getting a more mature body
hilarious dialogue
little revision works
about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth
, the hours represents two of those well spent
the best films of the year
adorable
masterfully calibrated
nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor
into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes
's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is
more compelling
an established filmmaker
hollywood romance
an intriguing species
beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
with added depth and resonance
one of the best films
the allegory with remarkable skill
offbeat sensibilities
a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore
like the work of someone
strikes hardest
is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
gedeck
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable .
that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
various amusing sidekicks
director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
be well worth your time
are sweet and believable , and
viva le resistance
magnificent directorial career
won -- and wins still
niro performance
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists
, energetic and sweetly whimsical
his imagination so vivid
its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation
timely and
is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
an important movie , or even a good one
evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
, point and purpose
ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting
is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors
sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that
moving , and adventurous directorial debut
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .
the most compelling performance
offbeat humor , amusing characters , and
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it
suits the script
are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d .
a spiritual aspect
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
spare but quietly effective retelling .
both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
one fantastic visual trope
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is
sad but endearing
gushing
are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d
easily
would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway
required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come
exceptional film
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
dying for this kind of entertainment
flows as naturally
are often funny fanatics
of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
d )
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , hélène angel is definitely a director to watch .
is familiar but enjoyable
in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay
with superb performances throughout
that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
family-friendly
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year
precious circumstances
the lengths
marveling
for the better
figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
`` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
what 's invigorating about
must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride
who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
cho 's latest comic set
invaluable historical document thanks
even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly
resembling humor
of that special fishy community
talented and notorious subject
to find an old flame
gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
a funny moment or
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
an enthralling aesthetic experience
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script .
heaven
filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
great pleasure
household name
is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe .
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
has something interesting to say
sell many records
that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .
cute partnership
gets you riled up
may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all
( jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters
grin
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .
watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome
far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling
the kind of energy it 's documenting
sharper
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller ,
wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ...
the best actors
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script
the charms
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty
early work
their memorable and resourceful performances
into one terrific story with lots of laughs
steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph
engrossing and grim
the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman
with this masterful
remind us
bona fide
an inventive ,
cult favorite
bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling
convey a tiny sense of hope
may marginally enjoy the film
deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
many ways the perfect festival film :
with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
wizened
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
characterization , poignancy , and intelligence
, kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
`` pretty woman '' wanted to be
suspense ,
a brilliant motion picture
buoyant feeling
brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel
with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
sharp objects
it 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
a sterling ensemble cast
guarantee
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .
quite enough of them
comic set
is reasonably entertaining
such clarity
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation
like to ride bikes
sincere and artful
soulful gravity
better celebration
slick production values
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .
is fully formed and remarkably assured
line between passion and pretence .
undisputed scores a direct hit .
profound cinema
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry
is sentimental
pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve
sets out
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while
happy
achieve
twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering
lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan
'' is never lethargic
is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another
rousing ,
stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory
for children
for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
elaborate continuation
watch these two
most breezy movie
but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
the strength
just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
one very funny joke and
ambitious film
's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .
academic
workmanlike
be drawn in by the sympathetic characters
of love that strikes a very resonant chord
a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical
a well-made pb & j sandwich
's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
british stage icon
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope
character-driven storytelling
like their characters
illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time
is a tribute
comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness
the irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .
campanella 's competent direction
sparkling
for its sheer audacity and openness
farce and blood-curdling family intensity
entertaining british hybrid
a hoot
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper
inspiring
relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius
the animation and game phenomenon
backwater
it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
sexy , surprising romance
enjoyed themselves
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity
a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
emotionally satisfying
that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
than a spy thriller like the bourne identity
about kicking undead ***
build a feel-good fantasy
who does n't think about percentages all day long
generally smart casting
lovely
did they not
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter
that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all
while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
curves
is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
the heart and
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and
it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids
of a very lively dream
's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
enthusiastically
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip
some effecting moments
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .
on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee
adding the rich details and
affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
caddyshack
is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
too bad kramer
laugh therapy '
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages
that led to their notorious rise to infamy
lustrous
, intimate and intelligent
a degree of affection rather than
greatest hits
it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time
savagely hilarious
privileged moments and
clever and funny
so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar
is at 22 a powerful young actor
a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
well worth
one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination
wiggling energy
superb performances throughout
scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic
a worthwhile glimpse
is clever and funny ,
a fairly enjoyable mixture
takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point
quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to
most edgy
that is often quite rich and exciting
david letterman and the onion
should please history fans
the cast is appealing
's awfully entertaining to watch
as katzenberg
a more measured or polished production
worthy addition
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece
can be made
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
a powerful and deeply moving example
affirming and heartbreaking
crossing-over
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .
the plot ` surprises
spellbinding fun
make the stones weep
flat-out amusing ,
astonishing ... ( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
expected flair
to his son 's home
itself is far from disappointing , offering an original
talented , charismatic and tragically
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
dramatically forceful
its heart
exceedingly clever
he delivers fascinating psychological fare
need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work .
feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but
be seen as hip , winking social commentary
make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool
humor
keenly observed and refreshingly natural
just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .
keen eye , sweet spirit
gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film
it has fun with the quirks of family life
suspenseful enough for older kids but
fascinating experiment
sleek and arty
most alive
probing or penetrating
the wild wild west
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound
bittersweet
is a wonderful thing ;
semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious .
, two towers outdoes its spectacle .
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ;
exuberantly
of poetry and passion
it 's good enough to be the purr
's exactly what these two people need to find each other
this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .
plunging deeper
to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song
continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision
an elegant visual sense and
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style
like a glossy rehash
wants
more emotional force
creeps into your heart
of its title character
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand ,
at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
of good
an extraordinary dramatic experience .
splendidly
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent
the manner of a golden book sprung to life
striking a blow for artistic integrity
justifies its own existence
on the strength of their own cleverness
most immediate and most obvious pleasure
a luis buñuel film
in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears
pleasure to watch
french cinema at its best
whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
insightful enough
lofty
the film 's length becomes a part of its fun
with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic
emerges as powerful rather than cloying
by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
all end
an excellent 90-minute film
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ...
( scherfig ) has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .
wild , endearing , masterful documentary
is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins
, `` minority report '' astounds .
give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once
comes off winningly ,
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy
can admire
, changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts
though occasionally fun enough to make you
pure disney
has a true cinematic knack
this laboratory of laughter
audacious-impossible yet compelling
a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn
they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood
wickedly fun
, fits the bill perfectly
very strong
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has
( stephen ) earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .
qualities
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ... `` my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart
a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors
is nicely shot , well-edited and
usual intelligence and subtlety
as it stands i
which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard
is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling
rediscover the quivering kid inside
the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
the acting is fine
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality ,
i admire
compellingly
coos beseechingly
the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
the divine calling
this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus
with great help from kevin kline
tov to a film about a family 's joyous life
uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
words and
stimulate
with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit
a moving and important film .
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up
is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
beautifully read
the integrity
are as subtle and as enigmatic
the year 's greatest adventure , and
hilariously , gloriously alive ,
is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
provocative and prescient
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains ,
first
a hallucinatory dreamscape
appeals to you
a fiercely clever and subtle film ,
making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ...
michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .
it succeeds .
if there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
casting excellent latin actors of all ages
dramatic punch and depth
pleasuring
watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
acclaimed
a company of strictly a-list players
the cinema world 's great visual stylists
solidly constructed
score
represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side
is able to visualize schizophrenia
brims with passion
always fairly
for the memorable character creations
an extraordinary faith
inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
watch and -- especially -- to listen to
an interesting slice of history
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary
striking new significance
while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part
to be mildly amusing
bring out the cake
thoughtful , emotional
, it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
local flavor
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic
a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism
, far more meaningful story
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels
an enormous amount of affection
own style
she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving
'' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year .
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and
creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
sense-spinning
come to life
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch
a rollicking adventure
, despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
is authentic to the core of his being
often surprising twists
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .
cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .
some truly excellent sequences
even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .
available
the rich details
exceeds expectations .
gifted korean american stand-up
the simple fact
a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie
there is a real subject here
the film is competent
the people laughing in the crowd
the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate .
balanced or fair
unbridled delight
miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
their own mortality
a fascinating glimpse
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event
was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it
what punk rock music
in its bold presentation
this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years ,
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
is powerful and provocative
taken it a step further , richer and deeper
all the hallmarks of a movie
wonderfully speculative character
managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title
squeeze a few laughs out of the material
real humor
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece
creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival
remarkably mature
it 's definitely worth taking a look
gives the film its lingering tug
`` barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting ,
bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
one of the all-time great apocalypse movies
sweet , genuine chemistry
real pleasure
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary
do what he does best
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .
works as pretty contagious fun
berlin
at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies
of the company 's astonishing growth
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .
a coming-of-age movie
as it turns out , you can go home again .
human nature
trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable
as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
sparkling beauty
playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
reassuringly familiar
beloved genres
that likely
amusing from time
the most thoughtful fictional examination
parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances
ambitious
with scenes so true and heartbreaking
beautifully crafted and
in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon
story and pace
a powerful entity
funny feast
ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense
does display an original talent
praises
of the ultimate scorsese film
fascinating , compelling story
physical energy
a gift
make the film relevant today
as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs
cute moments
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .
like their romances to have that french realism
be two hours gained
humor and bite
are really going to love the piano teacher
growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body
is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity
the everyday lives
turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .
dynamism
feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful
cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm
sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
winning and wildly fascinating
that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough
portuguese master manoel de oliviera
that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun
on a pedestal
to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage
setting off
desirable
very complex
an intriguing bit
shines like a lonely beacon
, it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
all movies
see something that did n't talk down to them
explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
in the characters you see
huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine
clarity and audacity
from a fine cast
` drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism .
lift
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence ,
a fun family movie
about friendship , love , and the truth
all-powerful ,
sweetly
make paid in full worth seeing
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .
its charm
that the theme does n't drag an audience down
still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
some soul
the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way ,
purpose and finesse
my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
touchingly
maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity
it 's a fantastic movie
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .
big box office bucks
brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
of joy and energy
iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin
, shoot-em-up scene
wonder of wonders --
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles
to be spectacularly outrageous
without lectures or confrontations
singing long after the credits roll
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five
the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film
the first half of sorority boys
may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .
is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
honest and loving one
reveals itself slowly ,
hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans )
that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory
offers an intriguing what-if premise .
human power
that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
scenes and vistas and pretty moments
a funny yet dark and seedy clash
it 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .
good-hearted
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not
is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative
colorful
this fascinating -- and timely -- content
's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
berling and béart ... continue to impress , and
is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back
are so believable that you feel what they feel
, unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope
with every cinematic tool
rival the filmmaker 's period pieces
oscar-caliber performances
captivates and
under his control
soap-opera quality twist
kline 's superbly nuanced performance ,
self-consciously poetic
this remarkable and memorable film
love stories you will ever see .
deserves a sequel
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity ,
as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
simple , sweet and romantic comedy
a fascinating examination
an impressive hybrid .
its relaxed , natural-seeming actors
intriguing and honorable ,
humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence
really a thriller
a refreshingly forthright one
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it .
, hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
painful and refreshing
gentle , unforced intimacy
a bit of heart
an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers
that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
a group of extremely talented musicians
much more ordinary
the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity
cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
the precious trappings
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
, i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
natural-seeming actors
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
impeccable
cross between highlander and lolita
's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
prefer to keep on watching
offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them
the enterprise
, and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
seen as hip ,
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love
wonderful but
makes this film special
the story compelling
brisk delight
their surroundings
holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and
it 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
a thrill ride
shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers
dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
of a good vampire tale
is his best film
polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
kurys ' direction is clever and insightful
, there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
at his most sparkling
mordantly funny and
the master of innuendo
deeply moving
can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like ` masterpiece theatre ' type costumes
will likely be nominated for an oscar next year
a smashing success
, well-developed characters
intriguing plot
sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care
with morality
groan and
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen
for fun-seeking summer audiences
smart and taut .
the way this all works out
future years as an eloquent memorial
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations ,
its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love
a film in which the talent is undeniable
to care about the character
the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity
, it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part
strong themes of familial ties and
to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
weirdly likable
likely to witness in a movie theater for some time
intensely
the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups
that 's pure entertainment
that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit
it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker
unparalleled proportions
a perfect show
these women 's
and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
a strong thumbs up
she 's a pretty woman ,
artistic
better than ` shindler 's list '
'' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
resonant gem
a brutal 90-minute battle sequence
conniving wit
passion , creativity , and fearlessness
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions
most edgy piece
revelatory about his psyche
the slow parade of human frailty fascinates
distinguish one sci-fi work from another
an epic of astonishing grandeur
all sides
to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
idealism
offers a guilt-free trip
paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller
sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
with brutal honesty and respect for its audience
you to accept it as life and go with its flow
packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message
blood-curdling family intensity
outstanding soundtrack
noyce has worked wonders with the material .
a great team
deeper every time
are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
a breath of fresh air now and then
fresh again
peerlessly
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn
the perverse pleasure
makes the film special
just the labor involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
independent-community
's the inimitable diaz
a great companion piece
this fascinating look
but something far more stylish and cerebral
an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
terrifically entertaining specimen
emotionally and spiritually compelling journey
have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama
reggio 's
gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
conceivable
was a better film
even through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy
its personable , amusing cast
of exceptional honesty
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard ,
can be a knockout
the extravagant confidence
intriguing and stylish
let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him
a film that plays things so nice
technically sumptuous
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
self-determination
at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
and cinemantic flair
succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape
's surprisingly decent ,
elegant film
of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
from stark desert
a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
supremely good natured
, marvelously twisted shapes history
big stars and high production values
, self-assured
is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee ,
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
though the film is well-intentioned
the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .
extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
's a very very strong `` b +
spirit
short and sweet
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message
comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant
is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes
everything that 's good
using his storytelling ability
remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle
's tremendously moving
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but
, you can feel the love .
land beyond time
'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time
a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate
exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble
to feed to the younger generations
be liberating
a compelling allegory
, the film shatters you in waves .
a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural
this story about love and culture
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory
more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition
which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
probably the best case for christianity
best part '
it is a whole lot of fun and
, my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe .
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years
a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops '
unusually surreal tone
cool stuff
... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
hopkins , squarely fills the screen .
happy gilmore or the waterboy
achieving some honest insight
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .
's lovely and amazing ,
his ` angels of light
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players .
familiar , funny surface
this unexpectedly moving meditation
your own precious life
as a touching , transcendent love story
genre-busting film
) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood
brilliantly
be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form
satisfaction
propulsive
hero
talents
, there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals
great cinema can really do
surprisingly
innocent
the astute direction of cardoso and
spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .
by then
told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times
intelligent screenplay
because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh
an immensely entertaining look
a meditation on faith and madness
wistful new film
is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad
, the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
of the previous two
aspires
first-class , thoroughly involving
ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .
right questions
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula
takes a slightly dark look at relationships ,
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and
're at the right film .
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
a delicious crime drama
afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket
some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema .
hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
is almost certainly
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .
, thought-provoking new york fest
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy
highly entertaining
a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
savory
remarkably
why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
breathe life
smarter
a groundbreaking endeavor
detailed historical document
plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .
overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal
a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias
works its magic with such exuberance and passion
is moving
grand-scale
made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort
by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers
laughing in the crowd
great character
midway point
a solid sci-fi thriller
of patch adams quietly freaking out
not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
somehow ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .
're all in this together
the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses
courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls ''
something fascinating
playfully profound ...
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable
haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist
leave fans clamoring for another ride
throws away
a hilarious ode to middle america and
but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
, without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision
cleverest
bonus
too clever
innovations and glimpse
the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
romp from robert rodriguez .
one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
, the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
, convincing
ken russell would love this .
are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
something rare and riveting :
adoring , wide-smiling reception
injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again
despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship .
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and
but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
iranian drama
no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country
's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions
fantasized
big-screen experience
it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half
bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue
over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time
eloquent memorial
succeed
masterpiece
new relevance ,
legs
a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres --
a romantic crime comedy
delicious
gentle , touching story
help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .
excellent storytelling
a young woman who knows how to hold the screen
makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera
to do that is really funny
ends up delivering in good measure
if you love the music , and i do
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie
has a sense of his audience
what a thrill ride
kind ,
out of sight
students that deals with first love sweetly
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
independent film
i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
manages not only
is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
does display greatness
real
like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .
anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime
's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but
away a believer again and quite cheered at just that
for an intelligent weepy
as grant 's two best films
the mysteries of human behavior
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
timely than its director could ever have dreamed
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
a great companion piece to other napoleon films .
to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior
for devotees of french cinema
borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself
trusts the story it sets out to tell .
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances
the ` laughing
without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway
against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva
the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
... it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
boisterous and utterly charming
well integrated
the inspiration
the scariest guy you 'll see all summer
gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in
get the same love story and
resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ...
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart
generate a lot of energy
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
put hairs on your chest
is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport
a cute partnership
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .
, and of the thousands thereafter
truly
produce another smash
, riveting and handsomely
the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover
is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
that would set it apart from other deep south stories
flawless film
a small star with big heart
sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies
you would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit
open-hearted film
her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human
from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way
you 'll like it .
( taymor ) utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .
dramatic animated feature
director juan jose campanella
the funniest jokes
had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd
classical
phenomenal , water-born cinematography
to investigate
lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food
as the treat of the title
like a splendid meal
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .
... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .
allows us to chuckle through the angst
is a great deal of fun
odd purity
which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
gorgeous exterior photography
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz .
intelligent high school
dashing and resourceful hero
do you
to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater
find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ;
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional ,
can truly be
the funniest person
just fine
quite entertaining
punchy dialogue
michael myers for good
from a consummate actor incapable of being boring
ringside seat
gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful
they have been patiently waiting for
a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation
tear-drenched
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile
most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
mesmerised
the benjamins that 's hard to resist
hopefully inspire action
to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film
steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph .
ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side
is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
stirring road movie .
rather brilliant little cult item
from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
is just such an achievement .
resonant
in heaven
albeit a visually compelling one ,
the most original in years
should bolster director and co-writer
, the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
, doing its namesake proud
been a lighthearted comedy
for the fine star performances
enigmatic features
is more fun than conan the barbarian
both the scenic splendor of the mountains
have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode
this is a movie full of grace
the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .
, this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
behind the project
the capable cast
passion , and genius
deliver again and again
one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or
, loud , bang-the-drum
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .
that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots
cinderella
`` the best disney movie since the lion king ''
not all that bad of a movie
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
is wickedly fun
smartly written motion picture
distinguished and thoughtful
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
a web of dazzling entertainment
'll love it and probably want to see it twice
which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill
more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller
celebrates universal human nature
that 's good enough .
... a great , participatory spectator sport . '
tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11
most savagely hilarious social critics
agreeably
attractive men
a one-of-a-kind tour de force
deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
the courage of its convictions and
has its heart ( and its palate )
, but to his legend
's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context
a kiss
can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good .
dead-on in election
and ,
knows it 's won
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies ,
rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings
, the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
compelling yarn
humorous and heartfelt ,
a rather brilliant little cult item :
potentially just as rewarding
energetic and always surprising
make for great cinema
'll still have a good time
makes a nice album
strong piece of work
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies
is funny and looks professional .
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one
tear-jerking
are faithful to melville 's plotline , they
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
the best thing
celebrated wonder
heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind
fascination
easy , seductive
may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made
into its intriguing subject
his personal obstacles
's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .
both refreshingly different
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .
excellent performances
, the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
his sweetness and vulnerability
the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
remarkable new trick
most multilayered and sympathetic female characters
been worth caring about
with a chase to end all chases
by turns very dark and very funny .
never fails him
stylish and moody
episode ii --
a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt
produce adequate performances
to a problem hollywood too long has ignored
uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely
love a disney pic
worthwhile environmental message
is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen
it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .
nimble shoulders
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
a good cast
the vital comic ingredient
has its moments
to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
very funny , heartwarming film
most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy
manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt
to be released in imax format
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life
good-time
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .
're in luck
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint
that powerhouse of 19th-century prose
professional
his generation 's
there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time
divine
with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
juiced with enough energy and excitement
compelling , gut-clutching piece
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .
while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected
sweet and gentle
second chance to find love in the most unlikely place
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers
'' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
by the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
it 's that good .
properly intense , claustrophobic tale
contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know
himself funny
this year 's very best pictures
's still entertaining to watch the target practice
the good girl '' a film worth watching
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller ,
that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting
for the art-house crowd
... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
for that matter , shrek )
venturesome , beautifully realized
from the characters
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst
you 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .
there are many tense scenes in trapped
that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability
a fine job
in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
glass 's dirgelike score
much better documentary
, madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
freshly painted rembrandt
with purpose and finesse
a better movie experience
, abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising
scenes so true and heartbreaking
watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
say something about its subjects
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . '
piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .
the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment
wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback
and mordantly humorous
crisper and punchier
been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one
the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself
... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh
everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill .
even non-techies can enjoy
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .
highest power
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted ,
in an intriguing bit of storytelling
fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second
is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer
unexpectedly moving
most genuinely sweet
rendered with such clarity
in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks
honest attempt to get at something
sandler
a moving experience
all the best possible ways
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny
gorgeous ,
one of demme 's good films
strength
turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
one of the most incoherent
be a new mexican cinema a-bornin '
in the songs translate well to film
has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference
whimsicality , narrative discipline and
`` nicholas nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year .
an advantage
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson
get you
a clever script and
well-shaped dramas
anything but frustrating , boring , and
an astounding performance
rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis
of intergalactic friendship
do the subject matter justice
has compelling new material
a kingdom
intriguing , observant
land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place
enough clever and unexpected
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay
manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
its economical
serial murders
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
with every cinematic tool well under his control
thrill you ,
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .
crude to serve the work especially well
charming but slight
visual delight
manages sweetness
is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction
with virtuoso throat-singing
profoundly moving documentary
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is
it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time
real triumphs
makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films
swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch
to a spectacular completion one
'' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
a funny yet dark
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
intriguing and alluring premise
for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...
popcorn adventure
( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay
a ripping good yarn is told .
than malle 's dud
contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what
shoots and scores
brilliantly written and
i might add -- slice of comedic bliss
peppering the pages with memorable zingers
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , '
despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time .
its courageousness
at once laughable and compulsively watchable
nostalgic , twisty yarn
comic barbs
genuinely witty
as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin
that satisfies , as comfort food often can
a clever exercise
liked the movie
offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games
appreciates the art and
the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences
beautiful , angry and sad ,
a satisfying complete picture
sometimes both
's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting
puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less
properly spooky
has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies
to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
will have a showdown
whimsicality
an excellent companion piece
finest non-bondish performance
however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
observations on the human condition
stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
expressing itself in every way imaginable
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action
for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating
funniest american comedy
schiffer
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters
most multilayered and sympathetic
family comedy
the script and characters hold sway
that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism
little jokes
true to its animatronic roots
if you can get past the taboo subject matter
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans )
more enjoyable
other than the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , everything else is top shelf .
is intriguing , provocative stuff
irresistible , languid romanticism
incredibly captivating
simple , poignant and leavened with humor
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .
-- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
a wholesome fantasy
the best war movies ever made
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point
the incredible storyline
smartly
intoxicating show
mainstream audiences have rarely seen
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
for juicy roles
the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before
( p ) artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting .
freshness and
of promise
no denying the power of polanski 's film
more sheerly beautiful film
coordinated
it works superbly here
a wonder
returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power
the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story
exercise in style and mystification
would be very sweet indeed
visually striking and viscerally repellent
entirely suspenseful
and narrative strength
threefold expansion
gracious , eloquent film
is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way
is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history ,
, insightful and entertaining
on a high note
is a verbal duel between two gifted performers
the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
finest kind
better movie
an artistry that also smacks of revelation
charismatic charmer
fest that 'll put hairs on your chest
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect
that are as valid today
kids-cute
funny and touching film
's sweet and fluffy at the time
of international acclaim
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .
heaven
of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh
fun-seeking
juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
expert thriller
a deliberative account of a lifestyle
most inventive
april
always surprising
any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants
a great cast
an uncluttered , resonant gem
acknowledges and celebrates
susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife
hard-to-predict and absolutely essential
a genre-curling crime story
this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
constantly touching , surprisingly funny ,
musical passion
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and
about the human need for monsters to blame for all that
something bigger than yourself
more fascinating than the results
offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life
carvey 's glory days
for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness
there 's an energy to y tu mamá también .
ordinary and
make them laugh
quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks
felt performances
true love
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history
a supremely kittenish performance
it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience
's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle
like a lazy summer afternoon
pretty good execution
, deeply absorbing piece
all the complexity and
adorable italian guys .
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
( a ) thoughtful , visually graceful
fact ,
funny , uplifting and moving
give `` scratch '' a second look
smart , sassy and
informative , intriguing , observant ,
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest
deft sense
is a relationship that is worthy of our respect
light , fun cheese puff
is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box
leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance
's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room
kind , unapologetic , sweetheart
the power of this movie is undeniable .
a funny film .
, one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .
, spirited away is a triumph of imagination
engaging , surprisingly
not just ticking , but humming
ya-ya 's
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year .
exactly what it wants to be
amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings
keeps you guessing at almost every turn
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .
is the energetic frontman
most exciting
as enlightening , insightful and entertaining
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented
to look at , listen to , and think about
loved the people onscreen
very
engaging film
most oddly honest hollywood document
make it as much fun
healing
who knows how to hold the screen
that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
a few gut-busting laughs
waltzed itself into the art film pantheon
over the end of cinema
a pretty funny movie
as crisp and
's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .
moving
blithe rebel fantasy
the emperor 's club ,
myers
doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances ,
makes it seem
, the film certainly does n't disappoint .
to win any academy awards
amazing !
a solid cast
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
chilling , and affecting
the pleasure
effortlessly draws you in
, and at times uncommonly moving
made literature literal without killing its soul
a slap-happy mood
sufficiently
passion and attitude
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con
literary detective story
made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit
the whole package
feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .
delivers more goodies
kidman
as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at
together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
bizarre developments
the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community
life-changing
informative
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed ,
thrills
both gentle and biting
the reunion
anyone can relate
the most genuinely sweet films
of an expert thriller
like movies that demand four hankies
of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .
exalted
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away
, discerning taste
that should bolster director and co-writer
all the heart
charitable
an exquisite motion picture in its own right
meditative
are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
its exquisite acting ,
enhance
what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook
are first-rate
in a class by itself
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy .
to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
spontaneous creativity
exudes
is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
love and compassion
if you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus
admirably
thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change
a worthwhile environmental message
take away the controversy
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
inter-species
otherwise the production is suitably elegant
admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint .
scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
life-affirming
witty , improbable romantic comedy
it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur
a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up
bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma
crafted ,
compelling pre-wwii drama
its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture
creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy
me feeling refreshed and hopeful
ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .
the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
less-is-more approach
deeply humanistic
its own breezy , distracted rhythms
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
takes form
keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
uplifting and
rollicking
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
an artistry
is one word that best describes this film : honest
creative urge
far more interesting than the story at hand
with his talent
top billing
as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts
inside it he 's well worth spending some time with
fantastically vital movie
that kind of impact on me these days
` perfection
returns the martial arts master to top form
raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll
the lustrous polished visuals
inspiring and pure joy
mr. spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle
opportunists
combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and
will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment
religion that dares to question an ancient faith
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and
above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
ally
really , really good things
in the
so vividly
as grand as the lord of the rings
that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal
so compellingly
... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and
make a terrific effort
slight but enjoyable documentary .
comes from the heart .
sweet , melancholy spell
what 's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .
intelligent ,
every bit as filling as the treat of the title
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film
some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** ,
strangely tempting
that few movies have ever approached
a great writer and dubious human being
make it human
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations
with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so
more successful
excites
of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark
a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script
's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '
every moment crackles with tension
tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense
lives count
is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
vivid , spicy footnote
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .
is also beautifully acted
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
kept much of the plot
is a film in which the talent is undeniable
puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .
a key strength
that so often end up on cinema screens
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director ,
dynamic
( hayek )
impressive in imax dimensions
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
gorgeous piano
wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
enough is just the ticket you need .
is truly gorgeous to behold .
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other
is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain
their contrast
as simultaneously funny
's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful
despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
is a masterpiece
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective
with conspicuous success
a breath of fresh air
insomnia is one of the year 's best films
it is laughingly enjoyable
plays as dramatic
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but
artsy
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch
sand 's masculine persona
get into heaven
deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty
's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year
is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion
succeed merrily
sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own
keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity
, contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
action-packed chiller
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience
in a tasteful , intelligent manner
a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people
handsomely
about a family 's joyous life
a lot better
uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
too clever by about nine-tenths .
, soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
insightfully written
with raw emotions
ear-pleasing
, it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
the comedy
instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but
a french film with a more down-home flavor .
have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned
to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time
he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal
ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation
is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , ''
impossible , irrevocable choices
for both children and parents
motivate
fine production
be something really good
'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
gives everyone
poetic , heartbreaking .
its visual imagination
savor the pleasure of his sounds and images
of the other
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life
best moments
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor
good cast
is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs
drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers
a real audience-pleaser
achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .
thoughtful dialogue
like a skillful fisher
an exercise in chilling style
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
underdog movie since the bad news bears
if you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film .
my greatest pictures , drunken master
but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .
elicit a chuckle
a strong narrative
about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
saucy
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling
hand in hand
the overall feeling is genial and decent
power-lunchers
offbeat humor , amusing characters
beautifully crafted and brutally honest
ca n't go wrong
above the ordinary
tries and tries hard
in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow
reliable
quirky , original
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .
strikes a very resonant chord
but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ...
simple in form but rich with human events
about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
subtle and richly
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot .
in some terrific setpieces
could relish
consistently clever and suspenseful
but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release
touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful ,
one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating
's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
engaging examination
is something of a triumph .
, involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship .
the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and
terms with his picture-perfect life
is not only a pianist , but a good human being
imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial
was at least funny
that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of
delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .
amusing and
well shot
sense-of-humour
exciting moviemaking
it also treats the subject with fondness and respect
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday .
you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .
that works .
animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
`` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
giggles and
a great premise
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama ,
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point
a fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
a crowdpleaser as
alcatraz
's great cinematic polemic
makes it a comic book with soul
unstoppable superman
hilarious ode
happy
counter-cultural
a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message
worthy
freshly
of magic
birthday girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .
could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee .
has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
... even if you 've never heard of chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .
is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven
make a hip comedy
perfectly pleasant
jackson 's
ambitious ` what if
, it has considerable charm .
artistes
is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
quite tasty
a tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies
makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure
have stayed there
is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos .
any stylish sizzle
is a director to watch
with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .
precision
loveable
you can feel the love .
, this is a must !
could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
love to have their kids
marvelous
into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion
slick and
robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .
begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
is the stuff that disney movies are made of
bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic ,
is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .
lush
familial
absorbing and unsettling psychological drama
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli .
look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
a masterfully made one
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers --
meditation )
too good
funny , even punny 6
invincible
better still
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion
could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
suited to capture these musicians in full regalia
this humbling little film ,
laughing at ' variety
of the oscar wilde play
circa
a familiar road with a few twists
spectacular performance - ahem
more precious than perspicacious
takes every potential laugh
important film
most surprising thing
's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful
, memories and one fantastic visual trope
the great american comedy
are also
approach to the workplace romantic comedy
the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
a mostly magnificent directorial career
gloriously alive
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond
is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while
has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen
bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state
is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
the funniest idea
could be intriguing
wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals
been remarkable about clung-to traditions
a zippy 96 minutes
that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship
takes your breath away
unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .
goals
a tasty performance from vincent gallo
commands attention .
off spookily enough
could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh
americans
is a sweet treasure and something well worth
`` frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
promising cast
overflows with wisdom and emotion .
a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication .
expressive power
manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget
glaring and unforgettable .
the benefit of being able to give full performances
being insightful
before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia
urban south korea
to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him
has done the nearly impossible .
is extremely thorough
a fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances ,
involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
visual flourishes
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements ,
astonishing growth
its surreal sense of humor and technological finish
much further than we imagine
their work is fantastic .
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles ,
your seat a couple of times
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
an imaginative filmmaker
summer season
was daniel day-lewis .
love and power
sit through , enjoy on a certain level and
but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
makes their project so interesting
moralizing
spectacular completion one
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand
an adventure story and history lesson
to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
, the movie is in a class by itself
a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation
ignite
absolutely no idea
quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .
a teen movie with a humanistic message
pieces of the famous director 's life
its electronic expression through cyber culture
to be the movie 's most admirable quality
iwai 's gorgeous visuals
, but with material this rich it does n't need it
joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature
could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen
bittersweet drama
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap
clear point
of rich detail condensed
much panache
moments to keep it entertaining
is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
find greatness
too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least )
to please others
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency
, quirky , original
also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american ,
the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .
it 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
an impressive and highly entertaining celebration
unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man
possibly the best actor
a great piece of filmmaking
breathtakingly
find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop
so vivid a portrait of a woman
in the simple telling
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies
one of the greatest films i 've ever seen .
love , longing , and
thoroughly satisfying
what results is the best performance from either in years .
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ...
exciting
becalmed
is silly but strangely believable
feel funny and light
, they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
hip
exhilarating , funny and fun
greengrass
deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities
robbed and
following your dream
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression
the intricate preciseness
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .
is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction
the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .
that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .
suspense , intriguing characters and
comedy genre
a movie theater
be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films
highly spirited
draws its considerable power
sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
more than capable
tackling serious themes
even halfway scary
is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
i loved the look of this film .
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and
makes you crave chris smith 's next movie
except it 's much
, but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .
the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .
thought-provoking picture .
elegant ,
've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ...
a neat premise
goal
defined
the funniest film
relayed by superb
great trashy fun
its social and political potential
to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
fondly
makes up for in heart .
his body
orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
an adrenaline boost
would -- with moist eyes
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels :
fun
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer
special p.o.v. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .
extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work
music you may not have heard before
is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking
white-knuckled and unable to look away
the best short story writing
a jackie chan movie
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold
triple x is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude
the enduring strengths
warmed over pastiche
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
hold up pretty well
the right to be favorably compared to das boot
consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free
marvelous first 101 minutes
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers
has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit
generate enough heat
it 's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul .
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch ,
it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .
, splashy and entertainingly nasty
with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi 's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives .
layered , well-developed characters and
is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences
breathe out of every frame .
recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .
who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .
the real masterpiece
a remarkable new trick
that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
an art
great cast
feels uncomfortably real
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness
`` extreme ops '' exceeds expectations .
good fight
kind of an authentic feel
daft by half ... but supremely good natured .
does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift
entertains
's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
scary-funny
favorite
so engagingly
that it counts heart as important as humor
is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) ,
's like having an old friend for dinner '
involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
's always enthralling
with complications
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .
it succeeds
that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change
the immersive powers
canada
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .
infuses
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .
enjoyment
has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end
a huge cut of above the rest
delightfully charming
awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude
this one is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
will likely prefer to keep on watching .
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street
's propelled by the acting
usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
a remarkable film by bernard rose .
can easily worm its way into your heart . '
take credit for most of the movie 's success
its leaden acting , dull exposition
comic slugfest
it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular
as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished
fully ` rendered '
the director is a magician
to have fun with it
be nominated for an oscar next year
gentle but insistent sincerity
, daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope
a good vampire tale
winning actor
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos ,
is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family
its best ,
an invaluable record
surprising highs
an unusually surreal tone
is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths
we have come to love
awesome work :
reveal his impressively delicate range
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and
it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive
of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
many a hollywood romance
immense imax screen
infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own
directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing
the summer 's most pleasurable movies
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists ,
this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
road movie , coming-of-age story and
eee for excitement
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story
is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
works so well for the first 89 minutes
the entire cast is extraordinarily good .
is a movie that deserves recommendation
a fair share
big time
hallmark film
1937 breakthrough
pleasant
fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of
as hilarious
wonderfully lush
were wonderful
twenty years after its first release , e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career .
-- and timely --
unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
's no reason to miss interview with the assassin
fun and funny in the middle ,
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .
the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out .
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
sincerely
crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal .
it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
family fun
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it .
fans will undoubtedly enjoy it
's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss
to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater
berling and béart ... continue to impress
caper thrills
a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure
establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace
a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life
beneath the familiar , funny surface
definitely funny stuff ,
serious contender
a talent
broadway
none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies
squeeze a few laughs
of a sick and evil woman
diverse and astonishingly articulate
cheery and tranquil suburban life
with a zippy jazzy score
very interesting
nice change
cheered
as that sentiment
candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth .
scored and powered
ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat
a terrible strength
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors
chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .
of epic scale
, the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
you 'll love this movie .
sheer joy and pride
inspires
is perfectly creepy and believable .
is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and
an actual story
makes barbershop so likable
the precision of the insurance actuary
deserving
turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny
a minor miracle of self-expression
has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters .
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
would force you to give it a millisecond of thought
smart and funny
jim brown
layered
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. --
splashy and
with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master
with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count
others do n't ,
humble , teach and
never once predictable
increasingly amused
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette
by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances
still charming
the formula is familiar but enjoyable .
quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is
feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy
's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy
it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .
the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
swooning melodrama
make a clear point
fertile
energetic and sweetly whimsical
but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
playful but highly studied and
the river
laudable
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters
vibrance and
cute animals and
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise
going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
's most memorable about circuit
semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .
reassuring
with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation
extraordinary journalism
works more often than it does n't
skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation
good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart
the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search
like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film
deftly executed
hugh grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
chance to shine
to be somebody , and
sexual relationship
for the film 's winning tone
the enjoyable undercover brother
has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
, they ca n't go wrong .
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong .
sexy beast
entertainingly
solidly
a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher
plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out .
's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .
inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage
video , and
beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade
user-friendly
a very distinctive sensibility ,
its predecessors proud
keep it entertaining
done and perfectly
they do in this marvelous film
feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story
, murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling .
jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness .
of hope
is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
is , by itself , deserving of discussion
gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .
an accessible introduction
, but far more witty
this wedding
exceptional honesty
is more than a movie .
a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age
the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack
while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances
handily
it 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
dutifully pulling on heartstrings
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code ,
an oscar-worthy performance
succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
kind of special
that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary
rush to the theater
end all chases
a fan
all its strange quirks
proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings
had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear
is , in a word , brilliant
well
force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool
enjoyed it just as much !
tale
would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .
elicits strong performances
good qualities
mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears
his life , his dignity and his music
looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise
realism , crisp storytelling
catches dramatic fire
recycling
with a sharp script and strong performances
sneaks up on the viewer
gasp
decorous
gets vivid performances
a dashing and absorbing
a buoyant , expressive flow
such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and
by storm
, it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
, payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing .
to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama
assured in its execution
illuminated
poignant if familiar story of a young person
is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it
producer john penotti
smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams
international acclaim
you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance
something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work
eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch
fast-paced
perceptive
opens today
dead gorgeous
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .
there are entertaining and audacious moments
by all means
the most accomplished work
to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental
by a natural sense for what works
the marvelous verdu
is a riot .
of demme 's good films
they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
structure and
matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
soul-searching
is masterful .
the work of a genuine and singular artist
really good premise
of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone
by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
you know there 's something there .
promising debut
heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat
stunning film
a quaint , romanticized rendering .
that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ?
comic voice
with strange and wonderful creatures
the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies
, i was entranced .
but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
's that good
, open-hearted film
everett remains a perfect wildean actor ,
about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
the best special effects
more revealing , more emotional and more surprising --
studios
amusing and engrossing
imagines
with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music
its unerring respect
adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
watching these two actors play
their seats
a true adaptation
admirable rigor
sweeping ,
of authentically impulsive humor
the way chekhov is funny
the always hilarious meara and
, love , duty and friendship
, a ripping good yarn is told .
explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence
virtuosity
sympathizing
, poignant and leavened
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .
a gorgeous film
major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche
it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today .
's most substantial feature for some time .
powerful and deeply moving
this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs
the touch is generally light enough
give
new insight
are intriguing and realistic
trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '
moral favorite
as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
avid interest
to the nonconformist in us all
a solid , well-formed satire .
in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself
offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch
could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment
if you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .
effectively chilling guilty pleasure
that rare documentary
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality
have a good time
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience
entirely irony-free zone
an eloquent memorial
that is n't afraid to admit it
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ...
with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements
interesting character
delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
, i enjoyed .
revelation
delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy
, is wry and engrossing .
poignant and uplifting
its provocative conclusion
the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood
could young romantics out on a date
... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
kids will love its fantasy and adventure ,
without in any way demeaning its subjects
takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion
is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
the power and grace
goes to the essence of broadway
batman
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' -
's what makes it worth a recommendation
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
of testing boundaries
both as a historical study and as a tragic love story
it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .
to be embraced
received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film
recognized
this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country
a vastly improved germanic version
decent drama/action flick
the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing
, narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
timely and important
pleasant
a-list
that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most
fit the incredible storyline to a t.
roars with leonine power
swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
loves its characters and communicates something
it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably
uplifter
know how to please the eye
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war .
this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film
adaptation is intricately constructed
is engaged
share
works spectacularly well
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .
under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play
comedy spectacle
a supremely hopeful cautionary tale
this beautifully drawn movie
that provide its thrills and extreme emotions
plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
most ardent
, director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
carmen ( vega ) and
that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
if you 're not deeply touched by this movie
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
shines in her quiet blue eyes
beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
` if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
all-star
labute masterfully
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .
a passing twinkle
sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition
rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage
whole lot scarier
got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
hate to tear your eyes away from the images
offering fine acting moments and pungent
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown 's life .
works as well as it does because of the performances
a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did )
huston performance
is clever and insightful
a beautifully sung holiday carol
, never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
admire ...
of a respectable summer blockbuster
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
a masterpiece -- and
always hilarious
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record
that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
was right about blade
it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
elegant technology
all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .
is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
must see for all sides of the political spectrum
us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
grand tour
turn his movie in an unexpected direction
rather beautiful
a gangster movie with the capacity
nifty twists
will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy
moving and
while some of the camera work is interesting
ethnic sleeper
fascinating curiosity piece
of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
coming-of-age comedy .
`` 13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
already knows it 's won
has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place
belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men
directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
through sincerity
has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised .
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
evocative shades
respectable
is full of charm
when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain
godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .
relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
the top and movies
delightfully charming --
is commentary enough
hard to stop watching
works the way a good noir should
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth
that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing
races and rackets
body humor and reinforcement
found a tough beauty
it worth watching
possibly will enjoy it
when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene
which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and
will enjoy
clever pseudo-bio
if you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .
in earnest dramaturgy
a witty expose
is the best performance from either in years
, hilariously wicked black comedy ...
fairytale
charming 2000 debut shanghai noon
it reveals
young adult life in urban south korea
funny no-brainer
of a fanciful motion picture
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
very good comedic songs
terminally bland ,
epic adventure
can enjoy as mild escapism
, oozing , chilling and heart-warming
of dazzling entertainment
a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .
is appealing
an intriguing bit of storytelling
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride
make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
love
pleasuring its audience
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...
sweet and memorable film
a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images
brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
takes hold
been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon
convincing and radiant
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
is as thought-provoking as it
better than
give-me-an-oscar
proves that even in sorrow you can find humor
, this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be
delight your senses and crash this wedding
it 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
, this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit .
, all-enveloping movie experience
polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way
must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
visually striking
has value can not be denied
cinema master class .
fascinating examination
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker ,
it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
are made for each other .
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .
indie of the year ,
is actually quite entertaining
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` scratch '' a second look .
gooding is the energetic frontman , and
spy flick worthy
does cathartic truth telling
preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
generous , inspiring
, and
find it more than capable of rewarding them
similarly styled gremlins
in as much humor as pathos
seal the deal
discoveries
a brief amount of time
the funnybone thanks
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .
's never dull and always looks good
a raise
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ;
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and
an intelligently made
ong 's promising debut
damon/bourne or
chillingly effective
an equally impressive degree
real heroism and abject suffering
really get inside of them .
see it
that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre
a prince of a fellow
pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
is even more embracing than monty ,
romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team
elegantly produced and expressively performed
best about
the film has a terrific look
a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration
's certainly laudable
how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made
hot and the john wayne classics
were hailed as the works of an artist .
ethereal
confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece
a classic movie franchise
under your belt
the most original american productions this year
thoughtful , reverent
flamboyant
serious subject matter and
that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure
one of the more influential works
overcomes
elegantly produced
appetizer that leaves you wanting more
denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role
a fresh infusion of creativity
harmoniously
beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama
an uncompromising film
sinuously plotted and
put on a show
is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
is one helluva singer
comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
constantly touching ,
have been a painless time-killer
're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why
, but it is a refreshingly forthright one
of genuine excitement
steven soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
's a lot to recommend read my lips
in lovely and amazing
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
like the hours as an alternative
without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision
of a minor miracle in unfaithful
sing beautifully and
there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again
a capable thriller
some success
the rich performances
hilariously wicked black comedy
poignant and gently humorous
a step in the right direction
washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
soothe and break
modest , crowd-pleasing goals
daring as john ritter 's glory days
powerful entity
it 's hard to stop watching
last-minute action
real psychological grounding
good romance
has all the hallmarks of a movie
dashing
neatly constructed thriller
is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
a sweetly
turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good
a visually masterful work
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you :
the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
get more out of the latter experience
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events
highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie
a whale of a good time
confident , richly
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
its intriguing subject
1995 's forget paris
of pre-9 / 11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind
an appealing couple
bear the laughter
anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
looks wonderful
contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past
why sex and lucia is so alluring
that makes all the difference .
irrepressible passion
film a must for everyone
a fascinating film
, it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin
that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale
the movie you 're looking for
here relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius .
a gorgeous color palette
i enjoyed it just as much !
remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .
delivering a dramatic slap
celebration
appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course ,
unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror
is more interesting
surprisingly sensitive
some of the funniest jokes of any movie
enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play
casts attractive and talented actors
feel-good sentiments
enthralling documentary
... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .
explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut .
all in all , a great party .
cross-country road trip
the elements that will grab you
as a workable primer for the region 's recent history
life affirming '
yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .
a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
about one thing is a small gem .
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
remarkable procession of sweeping pictures
elegant and eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions
many have made it out to be
, but fun .
quite good-natured
sit through it again
upping the ante
with a treasure chest of material
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .
quirky at moments
very real and amusing
very compelling , sensitive ,
was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be
its charms
a fascinating glimpse
what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer
mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time
claude
reinvigorated the romance genre
an auspicious feature debut for chaiken
and gently humorous
will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face
recognizable
good taste
captures the debilitating grief
will be following after it
is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .
an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited )
translate well
above its disgusting source material
witty and
operates nicely
in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
while there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor .
a fresh point
committed to film
a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride
better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
illustrated by a winning family story
is cinema
infuses it
a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten
the imagination
loyalty
introduces
) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
funny , ultimately heartbreaking
admire
a stirring tribute
the fine star performances
it 's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .
forgive the flaws and love the film
the incredibly flexible cast
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner laurence coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway
a masterful work
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and
's enough to sustain laughs
spy-savvy siblings
bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie ,
on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
even the digressions are funny .
is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .
the best in recent memory
superior plotline
silly comedy
some very good comedic songs
crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .
nourishing
thoughtful movie
refreshing and
intriguing bit
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always
a nice change
with nothing but net
, yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
rediscovers his passion in life
mainstream matinee-style entertainment
as darkly funny , energetic
endear itself to american art house audiences
ecological
both a great and a terrible story
for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it
wise
of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
awe and affection
smart and alert
in a movie full of surprises
is ) a fascinating character
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching
serene , the humor wry and sprightly
below expectations
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity
carrying
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .
's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions
a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship
most pleasurable expressions of pure movie
good to be bad
amusing enough
by a rich visual clarity and deeply
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day
highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style
with considerable aplomb
an effective portrait of a life in stasis
such a vibrant , colorful world
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .
a taut , sobering film
nothing less than a provocative piece of work
his cinematic vision
's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
deep bow
avid
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship
read my lips with such provocative material
with us
adventurous
the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film , i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 .
like some like it
is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm
this comic gem
opposed to the extent of their outrageousness
is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish
powerful success
they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
beautiful images and solemn words
far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
one of the best love stories of any stripe
that even in sorrow you can find humor
the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
its visual panache and compelling supporting characters
breathes more
a real winner --
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .
crystallize key plot moments
willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
visually striking and viscerally repellent .
of the most entertaining monster movies in ages
surprises you with unexpected comedy
highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love
see it .
the multi-layers
is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
welcome step
colorful
ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth
unflinching and objective look
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose
quite an achievement
an action icon
to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
an inspirational love story
filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders
with a cast of a-list brit actors
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters -
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece
a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
funny moments
` red shoe diaries
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death
ca n't help but engage an audience
the beauty and power
certainly the big finish was n't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
real writer plot
virtuous
edge to it .
is an amicable endeavor .
for more than two decades mr. nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
marvelous film
calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .
it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ;
by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits
what it 's trying to say and
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and
this fascinating experiment
of bittersweet camaraderie and history
strong education
wholly
funny with the material
of the situation in a well-balanced fashion
with their memorable and resourceful performances
has become the master of innuendo
writer/director alexander payne ( election ) and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .
elegant , witty and beneath
its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .
nicely
great time
sharp , amusing study
best possible
is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
i liked the movie
ongoing - and unprecedented -
out to be
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
most certainly has a new career ahead of him
it 's this rich and luscious
compelling storyline
serenity and poise
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .
the lord of the rings
incisive and
to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
good simmer
a frightening and compelling
it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
hot
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera
glamorous
, a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
more fascinating -- being real --
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
surprisingly powerful and universal
a refreshing change
one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ...
good-natured ensemble comedy
, salvation and good intentions
rock-solid gangster movie
something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
a guiltless film for nice evening out
, tortured
all its brilliant touches
a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
clarity and emotional
a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness
ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
sweeping , dramatic ,
fabulous
i recommend it for its originality alone
occasionally very enjoyable
enlightening
opens today in the new york metropolitan area
a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to
an honestly nice little film
its own quirky hipness
is a big , juicy role
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective .
direction and especially charm
some laughs and
into the art film pantheon
, the humor wry and sprightly
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos
a wild ride
revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
a triumph
is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie
throws in enough clever and unexpected
see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination
ocean visuals
christian
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .
the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway
heart-felt drama
does have its charms
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business
the earnestness
prominent
is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe
caliber cast
the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama
enthusiastically
a welcome step
reasonably good
a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting
... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .
love it ...
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards
to screen with considerable appeal intact
short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty .
the unusual power
a pleasing , often-funny comedy .
exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest
beer-fueled
rates as an exceptional thriller
poetic
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .
has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style
occasionally fun
could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one
than to call attention to themselves
move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness
will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it
knows its classical music ,
between sullivan and his son
if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director
a pianist , but a good human being
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority
actor michel serrault
adult world
was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star
is worth seeing
delicious and delicately
much of it is funny , but
worthwhile addition
sweetly sexy , funny and touching .
will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
star-power potential
ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
it definitely gives you something to chew on
acute writing
so larger than life
in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year
good-naturedly
an important movie , or even
oh , look at that clever angle !
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .
should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
current innovators
it will stay with you
powerful performance
peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
of one of the best films
nutty , consistently funny .
it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
satisfying well-made romantic comedy
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and
feeling refreshed and hopeful
while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage
we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
well-thought
a giddy and provocative sexual
drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and
's definitely an improvement on the first blade ,
reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .
made the full monty a smashing success ... but
of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while
you have an interest in the characters you see
's hard not to be carried away
the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries
reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
witty and often surprising
building up to the climactic burst of violence
the first part making up for any flaws that come later
all the verbal marks it should
should give `` scratch '' a second look
of laughs
are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour
be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
impeccable throughout
a knockout
vibrance and warmth
on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
a few are sexy
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
'll still have a good time .
is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
cute
interesting concept
signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax
the wonderful cinematography and
in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .
the remarkable ensemble cast
a great script
is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does
so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up 's i 'm the one that i want .
telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
that made the original men in black such a pleasure
intelligent
film festival
gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion
stretches of impact and moments
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers
great to begin with
may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious
observant .
good fun
bring on the sequel
redeems it
surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending
... there is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
vowing ,
makes its message resonate .
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .
the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
as much fun
very real and amusing give-and-take
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
for touched by an angel simplicity
its engaging simplicity
is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor
a part of its fun
drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching
magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
undeniably touched
only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
sexy razzle-dazzle
to the film 's considerable charm
surprisingly ` solid '
we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport
has succeeded beyond all expectation
of a really solid woody allen film
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
in good fun
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing
family audience
more mature than fatal attraction
go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
now as a former gong show addict , i 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .
an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera
that beneath the familiar , funny surface
captivating and intimate
broad streaks of common sense
resourceful amnesiac
's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
an unflinching look
it has made its way into your very bloodstream
enjoy its own transparency
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
the solid filmmaking and
an interesting racial tension
the outstanding thrillers
the unexplored story opportunities
chance to see three splendid actors
marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks
disguising the obvious with energy and innovation
presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
a degree of affection rather than revulsion
's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces
dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy
of nature and family warmth
` cherish '
for history buffs
sleeper
a grittily beautiful film
is a trove of delights .
this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .
a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .
that rare movie that works on any number of levels
spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
nourishing aspects
pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste
go-for-broke
to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .
its own good
wedding sequence
a clear point
singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece
leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach
brings them to life
oddly compelling
compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject
enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but
, reverent , and subtly different
safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
will grab you
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream
'll enjoy the hot chick .
right movie
the good and different
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .
-- ever so gracefully --
to being exciting
pleasant enough
some good , organic character work
a twisted sense
the movie is well crafted , and well executed .
... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later
a full experience
better actor
making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years
the grandness of romance
to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
passionate heart
of honest poetry
... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop
clearly evident quality
that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
perfectly pleasant if
where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical
best brush
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers .
makes you care about music you may not have heard before
nicest
good movie
suited for the history or biography channel
just like a splendid meal
the action sequences -- clearly the main event --
deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .
a haunting tale
awards animals the respect they
is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .
the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza
in the present
immensely appealing
in death to smoochy , we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
well-lensed
a riveting story well told .
if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski
that does the nearly impossible
gorgeous
of pre-9 / 11 new york and
greatest teacher
gripping
destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
sweet and romantic
most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme
unflappable air
as endearing and easy
a rollicking adventure for you and
quite fun
, satisfying
the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
solid
fascinate in their recklessness
davis
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable
a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ...
those famous moments
an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
achievement
if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like ` masterpiece theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie .
a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .
all works out
espn
a winner
was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works .
lane and
makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way
a rich historical subject
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history
a blast of adrenalin
wit and humor
does so without compromising that complexity .
for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life
the last kiss
has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
worth the trip to the theater
sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
are anguished , bitter and truthful
low , smoky and inviting
, transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision
is particularly impressive .
screenplay or
a solidly entertaining little film .
how they make their choices , and
the color sense of stuart little 2
of criminals
by a winning family story
arresting image
, it ultimately delivers
generosity
one of the most savagely hilarious social critics
creative belly laughs
a stadium-seat megaplex
has a real filmmaker 's eye
demonstrate their acting ` chops '
the effort is gratefully received
will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
has n't aged a day
any summer blockbuster
resonance
a beguiling freshness
you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind
long enough to read the subtitles
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout
excellent performances on its side
comes along only occasionally
will have a fun , no-frills ride
a delightful romantic comedy
greatest star wattage
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , but
amused by its special effects
distinct rarity
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all .
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet
you love the music ,
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time ,
narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann
its promising cast
as filling as the treat of the title
that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose
changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
smart little indie .
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city
stylish thriller .
own languorous charm
eventual discovery
zings along with vibrance and warmth .
she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy
supremely hopeful
various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play
the lively intelligence of the artists and
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective
gorgeously strange movie
miracle of miracles , the movie
powerful documentary
such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
real magic ,
anything but frustrating ,
huppert 's show to steal
genuine dramatic impact
retro uplifter .
grandly
you 'll know a star when you see one .
provides amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest
are worthwhile
warm , fuzzy feeling
meaning in relationships or work
faster , livelier
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type
some of the computer animation is handsome , and
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill ,
does a solid job of slowly
bucked the odds
the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
nicholas nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year .
this fascinating look at israel in ferment
a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion
the acting is just fine , but
if you 're willing to have fun with it
some outrageously creative action in the transporter ...
count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
search of something different
even better than the first one !
it is more than merely a holocaust movie
of director john stockwell
potentially good
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ...
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
small , intelligent eyes
keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired
, an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
smoother or more confident
mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing
pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous
it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
is about to turn onto a different path
glamour
with a momentum that never lets up
is both stimulating and demanding
earnest ,
movie special
an eloquent , deeply felt meditation
flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences --
lighter
's easy to like and
that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies
a visionary
most intelligent viewers
the evocative imagery
babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot
is one of the best actors there is .
it 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
andie macdowell
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .
with vibrance and warmth
best movie work
all the signs of rich detail condensed
is an uncompromising film .
unforced
since ghostbusters
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences
inject some real vitality and even art
some buoyant human moments
like the best 60 minutes
share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
the surprise ending is revealed
a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should
intriguing characters
, it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance .
a fanciful motion picture
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment
empowerment
than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
a hip comedy
thanks to the actors
this oddly sweet comedy
with a better script
drop dead gorgeous
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and
extremely talented musicians
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances
with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural
the film 's appeal
when you 're a jet
fans
to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances
is generally quite funny
catches you
a splash even greater
also intriguing and honorable ,
of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
so heartwarmingly motivate
gangster no. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
astounding on any number of levels
the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative
you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text
so hot-blooded
a better lot
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
on different levels
is also a creative urge
the prospect of their own mortality
is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit
of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side .
a well-balanced fashion
that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture
sympathetic without being gullible
's the image that really tells the tale
care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .
the richness of characterization
, this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ...
is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter
and engaging examination
a whole lot of fun
delights and simmering
reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan
sex
a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
the sweet cinderella story
in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels
xxx is a blast of adrenalin
charming
hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments
comic elements
an arcane area of popular culture
borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .
in the spirit of the season
the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes
a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one
pleasurable
original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .
piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .
's still a guilty pleasure to watch
uncanny tale
to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,
three-dimensional characters
things to like
a deserved co-winner
you 're a jet all the way
the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
on the premise
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three
that 's what i liked about it
screenwriting award
energy , intelligence and verve
straightforward
valiant
could be a passable date film
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed .
of three
affirms
it 's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure .
it 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
sparking debate and
upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
of watching intelligent people making a movie
ideal
inspiring ,
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness ,
recommend this film
mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power
polanski 's best film
on a 10-year delay
its elegantly colorful look and sound
some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
to eat popcorn
that most frightening of all movies --
most brilliant and brutal
savory and
a good simmer
warmth and gentle
the original could ever have hoped to be
chance to find love in the most unlikely place
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .
that is really funny
the thrills
third time 's the charm ...
is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
as fresh
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control
by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama
with passion and attitude
very funny
a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni
teens are looking for something to make them laugh
intriguing what-if premise
gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
to be something really good
of an upper class austrian society
a huge fan
lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary
it 's not bad prose
many inimitable scenes
liked this film a lot
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .
ballot
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years .
if you find comfort in familiarity
make the most of its own ironic implications
sun-drenched masterpiece
a good deal funnier
who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
an excellent job
the visual wit
graces
amazingly
a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening
sing beautifully
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious ,
a heartfelt story
george hickenlooper 's
wo n't be disappointed
scarily funny ,
to huston 's revelatory performance
daytime tv serviceability , but little more
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances
home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
to a better tomorrow
to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion
quite a bit of heart
a remarkably cohesive whole
what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
that lifts your spirits
linger long after this film has ended
in its understanding , often funny way
brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability
beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .
aside from rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view , the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
remarkable yet shockingly
a no-bull throwback
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic
is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten
held my interest precisely because it did n't try to
confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music ,
i walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes .
being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics ,
oscar-winning master
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .
beautifully choreographed
's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure .
with fascinating connections
challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
well-executed
with an artistry that also smacks of revelation
extravagant confidence
of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout
role , or edit , or score , or anything , really
much imagination
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle .
top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
a charmer
the serbs themselves
short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty
sheer goofiness and cameos
with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
its great credit
deranged immediacy
works superbly
, illuminating study
see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some
libido film
to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents
stand tall
makes all the difference .
clever exercise
themes that interest attal and gainsbourg
the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
with the titillating material
unusual but pleasantly haunting debut
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact
fiction
refreshing change
, sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
frequent laughter
probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year
a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama
extraordinary intelligence and originality
thoughtful , emotional movie experience
a fascinating curiosity piece --
, its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
the brilliant performances
say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch
one of the best gay love stories
pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
an undeniably moving film to experience
realistic '
good-naturedly
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
with an astoundingly rich film
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews
edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
a direct hit
project greenlight '' winner
than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .
fact , the best in recent memory
consistently amusing but
artful
to be a new yorker
the sword fighting is well done
much of it is funny ,
should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
passion
genuine insight
a classic fairy tale
, and not strictly in the knowledge imparted
aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed
i enjoyed .
strong dramatic and emotional pull
is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
road to perdition does display greatness , and
ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves --
will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination
the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.
a very charming and funny movie
a great combination act
is its energy
extraordinary poignancy
newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
damn fine
suitably kooky which should appeal to women and
cinema classic
be both hugely entertaining and uplifting
unique and inherent
like no other film in recent history
wonderful on the big screen
the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it
does a solid job of slowly ,
, characterization , poignancy , and intelligence
ourselves and
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr .
seem sincere , and just
engaging and moving portrait
is a great deal of fun .
it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't
enormously entertaining
more playful
acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
ethical and philosophical
as an exceptional thriller
with star power , a pop-induced score
one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and
does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds
love in remembrance .
vivid characters and a warm , moving message
, in itself , is extraordinary .
gives everyone something
pleasantly
its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures
driver and goodfellas
spellbinding fun and
in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop .
perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
poetic
it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
cares
a real human soul
there 's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
immensely entertaining look
that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers
a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense
enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .
and effective film
complex
enjoyable family
while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness
there 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal
the belly laughs
more playful tone
a portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .
loved the look of this film .
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and
, unusual , even nutty
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire
into a fascinating part of theater history
compelling and horrifying story
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel .
funny and human and
an eerie thriller
epic treatment
warmed up to him
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap ,
an ease
, this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away
its smallness
a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
but it was n't horrible either .
with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity
the evocative imagery and
the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films
a lovely , eerie film
may have expected to record with their mini dv
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
touching , raucously amusing ,
for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
triumph '
good documentarian
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
inspiring , ironic
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and
worth watching
extraordinary film
his prime
occasional belly laugh
a barrie good time
clever and cutting , quick and dirty look
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
good deal
improbable as this premise may seem , abbass 's understated
this is a children 's film in the truest sense .
much more successful
a fine , focused piece
a good film in `` trouble every day
engaging .
more than capable of rewarding them
writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
a remarkable film
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .
wonderfully sympathetic
its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
humanly
pushed to their most virtuous limits
the rare common-man artist
the guru who helped
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance
with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
rewarded with some fine acting
their funny bones tickled
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message
nijinsky
celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! )
the lush scenery
makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing
gentle , touching
is awesome
though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his
likable
older and wiser eyes ,
works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
if not a home run , then at least
the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear
as rewarding
summer blockbuster
to find the small , human moments
some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood
this unique director 's previous films
canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette
romantic and
as a historical study and as a tragic love story
makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while
plenty to impress about e.t.
of read my lips
interesting look
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich ,
of matthew shepard
immersive powers
set it apart from other deep south stories
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say
right choices
an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities
does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time
, this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . '
worthwhile moviegoing experience
saw the film
of paint-by-number romantic comedies
smarter than your average bond .
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic ,
comic fan
perfectly serviceable
eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
love song
brutal honesty and respect
the best sequel
its slightly humorous and tender story
grows on you --
better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least
the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence
are enthralling
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and
true impact
like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
unnerving suspense
promising , talented , charismatic and tragically
if a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .
an impossible spot
delightfully charming -- and
of heart or conservative of spirit
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time
movie version
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .
may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
is often quite rich and exciting
from dawson 's creek
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us
unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman
a really cool bit --
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and
jumps to the head of the class of women 's films
generates plot points
really , really good
bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
in an irresistible junior-high way ,
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close .
makes up for in heart
be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
generous
guy gets girl
succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
refreshes the mind and spirit along
the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived
, intelligence and verve
real-life story
forceful drama
with a flourish
do that is really funny
eric
the emotional heart of happy
, proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
develop her own film language with conspicuous success
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .
going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal
a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust
maturity
adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
new ground
captivating details
impression
two-way
happy ending
appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond
is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller
exhilarating but blatantly biased .
smartly directed , grown-up film
psychologically revealing .
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
light the candles , bring out the cake and
all right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
an eye-boggling blend
shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
, amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
virtuosic
is fascinating
a predictably efficient piece
`` project greenlight '' winner
the humanity of its people
comfort in familiarity
so fascinating
equally great robin williams performance
who embraces a strict moral code
never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and
with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery
accomplished and richly resonant work
the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge
exquisite trappings
been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format
funny , charming and quirky
a perceptive study
real natural , even-flowing tone
it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes
compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity
oscar-nominated documentary
scenery , vibe and all --
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped
warm up to
jae-eun jeong 's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
brutally honest
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .
undeniable social realism
, time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
new release
, amusing , tender and heart-wrenching
's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears .
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone
win a wide summer audience
a ton of laughs
the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
engages us in constant fits of laughter
allows the mind to enter and accept another world
on a group of extremely talented musicians
about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil
true cinematic knack
that carries a charge of genuine excitement
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .
a directorial tour de force
endearing and
the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch
otherwise good-naturedness
precious than perspicacious
manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
prescribed
as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
something entertaining
may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless
it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
dynamic first act
draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing
distinct and very welcome
that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance
this film is part of that delicate canon
lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human
terrific score
in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
is it as smart
engaging
a delightful , well-crafted family film
especially well
constrictive eisenhower era
yet the act is still charming here .
aesthetic experience
is magnificent
a remarkably insightful
cherished
this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .
'' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan
i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .
with a company of strictly a-list players
the nourishing aspects of love and companionship
ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear
'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time .
brushes
it 's an ambitious film
is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string
is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
the actors ' perfect comic timing
color and depth , and rather a good time
a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue
some genuine spontaneity
is able to overcome the triviality of the story
has had some success with documentaries
this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion
the best of them
several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
strange and compelling
the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
lively intelligence
wonderful performances
cruelly funny twist
see what he could make with a decent budget
for its originality
a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it .
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
in the sun
manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it
a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life
steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
's as crisp and to the point
is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two
capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
lighting effects and
of a valentine sealed with a kiss
` what 's the russian word for wow !? '
you love reading and/or poetry
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 - hour , dissipated length .
her nomination as best actress even more
rare in the depiction of young women in film
fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix --
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael
well-developed
model
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
settles on a consistent tone .
is a great film .
easy , comfortable
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words
allow the suit to come to life
one splendidly cast pair
of theater history
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally
an athlete
is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine
limited but enthusiastic
is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
likely to see all year
spiffy
others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
of social texture and realism
triumphant ,
impossibly long limbs
star bruce willis
recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out
genre gem
some cute moments ,
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
unexpected fable
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ...
spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
a manically generous christmas
beguiling freshness
a noble end
found this a remarkable and novel concept
its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 1/2 weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch
of the funniest jokes of any movie
genuinely pretty
combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs
an american actress who becomes fully english
is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting
funny , touching , smart and complicated
ignites
refreshingly unhibited
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world .
still rapturous after all these years
most refreshing
showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly
awe and affection -- and
gorgeous visuals
resourceful hero
such high-wattage brainpower
reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death
a properly spooky film
after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing
great acting
well-structured
this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
wonderfully loopy tale
turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story ,
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater
marvelously entertaining and
treating female follies
this exciting new filmmaker
rewarding
intermezzo strain
another key contribution
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious
wedding
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about drumline is its energy
escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks
manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
, it delivers the same message as jiri menzel 's closely watched trains and danis tanovic 's no man 's land .
sumptuous
tug at your heart in ways
represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream
`` new best friend ''
mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) ,
jarring shocks
one-of-a-kind tour de force
that delicate canon
usually genuinely worthwhile
thanks to great performances
-- and deeply appealing --
really adorable italian guys .
it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes .
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on
exhilarating new
this story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
an emotionally satisfying exploration
, passionate
genuinely bone-chilling tale
a smart new comedy
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is ,
stays with you
practices
make this worth a peek .
a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones
an important , original talent in international cinema
life and beauty
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience
charm , generosity and diplomacy
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay ,
it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
fuzzy
... is magnificent
that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
erotic or sensuous charge
keep the story subtle and us in suspense
big-fisted
sexy intrigue
-- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .
a soul and
is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy .
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take
a revealing look at the collaborative process and
some nice twists
pulls off the feat with aplomb
, kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
crafted , and well executed
some terrific setpieces
decent kid-pleasing
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor
more enjoyable than its predecessor
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually ,
allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
are actually fascinating
murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier .
moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
in asia , where ms. shu is an institution
works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .
based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold
is polanski 's best film
highly watchable
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... there is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' .
some talented performers
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .
, you 'll enjoy this movie .
walk to remember ''
makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook
complex and quirky ,
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
an appealing veneer
comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
uphill or something
to courage and happiness
with an original idea for a teen movie
benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
amusing , but ultimately so
avary seems to care about
exceptionally good
were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose
with it
that seem so real in small doses
enjoy for a lifetime
works spectacularly well ...
of particular value or merit
that catches you up in something bigger than yourself
outstanding thrillers
gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake
's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender
its dark , delicate treatment of these characters
a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch
offers an unexpected window
sparkling with ideas
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and
lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema
something provocative
lightweight but appealing
laugh-out-loud
are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
biologically
in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent
to the road warrior
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
may have many agendas
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .
it 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair .
uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree
freedom to feel contradictory things
maryam is more timely now than ever .
strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
sexy and romantic
pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...
this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
without stickiness
of temptation , salvation and good intentions
oddly compelling
the marvelous verdu ,
young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
our moviemakers
suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary
allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even
is funny and pithy
laughs
chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
the script is smart , not cloying .
at last
it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger
they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
appealingly manic and energetic
an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers
the boobs are fantasti
further
interested in the sights and sounds of battle
showcases the city 's old-world charm
fast-paced
it 's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments .
strong first act
a great saturday night live sketch
a very well-meaning movie , and it
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
well-balanced
very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
watch witherspoon 's talents
it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece
rare and lightly entertaining
exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
keep people going in this crazy life
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and
gorgeous locales
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary
mopping up
straight-ahead
barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
often-funny drama
love-struck
the fantastic and
clearly well-intentioned
keeps lifting the pedestal higher
may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
fact and fancy with such confidence
it 's fun , but it 's a real howler .
it 's never dull and always looks good .
highly cerebral
animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame
to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .
antonio banderas
does have its charms .
if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .
opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn
( washington 's ) strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .
found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime
good actors , even kingsley
are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .
may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season
will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy .
is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .
fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale
a pleasing ,
compelling motion
one of the great films about movie love
a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow
a gentle and engrossing character study .
is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many
brilliance
moderately successful
like an all-star salute
does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
-- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year --
is a whole lot of fun
be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least )
madonna is one helluva singer .
if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy
great and a terrible story
he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
inuit masterpiece
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book
worth a summertime look-see
have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture
the lively intelligence of the artists
be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing
with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera
but mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic .
creative composure
an impeccable sense
ferrara 's best film in years
cherish '
ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
excellent companion piece
a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .
richly detailed , deftly executed
, for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent
in the process created a masterful work of art of their own
quite beautiful
the finest films
got me grinning .
such master screenwriting
it 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
unique director 's
understanding of the expressive power of the camera
now we 've got something pretty damn close
keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and
an action/thriller
together with efficiency and an affection for the period
unexpectedly giddy viewing
to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze
meaningful historical context
waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie
a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights
, fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
most enjoyable
sweet , funny ,
make paid in full worth seeing .
make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .
well-written as sexy beast
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed ,
our close ties with animals
stunningly
is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad
inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor
sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
its namesake proud
with unimaginable demons
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images ,
ensemble cast romances recently
makes us believe she is kahlo
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .
into elaborate choreography
like having a real film of nijinsky
be a breath of fresh air
bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene
the atmosphere
deliberately and skillfully uses
the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .
hitchcockian suspense
fine , focused piece
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ?
nubile young actors
impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise
where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject
found the perfect material
convince us of that all on their own
fine
berry 's saucy ,
it 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .
the extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
's a rock-solid little genre picture
of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition
enjoyable film
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking
be particularly innovative
a heartening tale
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ...
feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain .
leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .
he will once again be an honest and loving one
promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .
as beautiful , desirable ,
unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
an admirably dark first script by brent hanley
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .
to triumph over a scrooge or two
an invaluable service
brisk
an ultra-loud blast
clean
astonishingly pivotal role
winning story
of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
i liked the movie , but
fondness
stamina and vitality
to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
magical
elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
alexandre
is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
you 're a fan of the series
provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon
's best
is visually smart , cleverly written
with passion
straight-ahead thriller
into a cinematic poem
the sense of fierce competition
an infectious enthusiasm
and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful
elevates the material above pat inspirational status
it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next
it is hard to resist
a domestic unit finding their way to joy
gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
katzenberg
funny , sexy
, but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
is richer than anticipated
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama
a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .
boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse
intrigue and human-scale characters
a crisp psychological drama ( and )
attracting
entertaining , if somewhat standardized ,
blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
where this was lazy but enjoyable
traditional layers of awakening and ripening and
's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .
the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy
very well shot
an ideal
another visit
actually make a pretty good team
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer
a four star performance
not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking
than indecent proposal
certainly not without merit
leguizamo 's best movie work so far ,
fulfill its own ambitious goals
his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
an emotional wallop
speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
a delightful lark for history buffs
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again .
the extreme generation '
is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
it looks good , sonny
his audience an epiphany
metaphor
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
the huskies are beautiful ,
suitably anonymous chiller
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie ,
is anything but languorous
for the character at all stages of her life
heart-pounding suspense
has the usual impossible stunts
the most consistently funny
's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels
sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine
the striking , quietly vulnerable personality
wonderful ensemble cast
often funny way
loves a david and goliath story
is the power of love
a talk that appeals to me
stirring tribute
the subject with fondness and respect
reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race
governmental odds
he 's the best brush in the business
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .
is a very funny , heartwarming film
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
as best actress
safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix
into a really funny movie
humorous
too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
it does n't disappoint .
appeal
gut-wrenching examination
is a small gem
peaked
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .
comedy , caper thrills and
shared by the nation
a fairly irresistible package
a great performance
its courageousness ,
, time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
her agreeably startling use of close-ups
that deserves a chance to shine
's a lyrical endeavor .
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .
it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
love , memory
the working class to life
a portrait of alienation so perfect ,
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) ,
mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor
warm , inviting
in its poetic symbolism
a happy , heady jumble
the 3-d vistas from orbit
an endearing cast
remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
she loves them to pieces
to make a big splash .
is still charming here
the world 's best actors
the visual panache , the comic touch ,
the silver screen
a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film
also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .
savory and hilarious
appealing leads
has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself
as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
relatively gore-free
, but i suspect it might deliver again and again .
all-around good time
exceptional detail
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date .
jaw-dropping action sequences ,
fun-loving
is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
turns very dark and very funny
also treats the subject with fondness and respect
's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series
add
believable
he was reading the minds of the audience .
dramatically satisfying heroine
musicals back
something fishy
acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety
assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
you will likely prefer to keep on watching .
to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this
quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films
is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny
trusts the story it sets out to tell
that plays things so nice
be post-feminist breezy
as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
a refreshing and comical spin
chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
playful respite
as miraculous as its dreamworks makers
, purpose and emotionally bruised characters
direct hit
it 's a quirky , off-beat project .
its execution and skill of its cast
of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults
the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein
a decent ` intro ' documentary
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree
scoring high
artsy fantasy sequences --
when are bears bears and
something a little more special behind it
high-profile talent
of shakespeare 's better known tragedies
thought-provoking and often-funny drama
together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
chan 's uniqueness
driven by a natural sense for what works
steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .
surprisingly ` solid ' achievement
is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins
inspired portrait
sensuous and spirited
elegant and
shines on all the characters ,
roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
cultivation
come during that final , beautiful scene
nice rhythm
evans ' career
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed
presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure
reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds
a stunning new young talent in one
predecessors
your first instinct
a thoughtful movie ,
being good
have to pay if you want to see it
friendship , love , and the truth
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz
best describes this film : honest
fresh , sometimes funny
it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals
comic sparks
on the subgenre
fast-paced contemporary society
satisfyingly odd and intriguing
a purposefully reductive movie
scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
emphasized
's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion
a satisfying evening at the multiplex
uplifting ,
of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
subtle and
has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it
of dedicated artists
the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable
live-wire
conventional but heartwarming tale
be so light-hearted
filling nearly every minute ...
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie
's better than its predecessor
what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination
offers escapism
our special talents can be when put in service of of others
since beauty and the beast
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message
amazingly successful
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense ,
the most politically audacious films of recent decades
is the only winner
is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
the glorious chicanery and self-delusion
to rush to the theater for this one
manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
most romantic comedies
be patient with the lovely hush
remarkably assured
300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
by top-billed star bruce willis
the occasional bursts
wise enough
the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
its excellent storytelling ,
zeal
a wild comedy
a comic book with soul
are consistently delightful .
raffish charm
marvelous first 101
interesting movie
so memorable
date-night diversion
meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor
invigorating
indie of the year , so far
gentle and engrossing
than its sunny disposition
gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown
an energizing
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply
's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .
heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius .
uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
is so convincing
the process created a masterful work of art of their own
love the film
mummy and the mummy returns
's the perfect star vehicle for grant
in a light-hearted way the romantic problems
dramatic and emotional
screen presence
film legacy
, magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .
cool gadgets and creatures
finery
takes every potential laugh and
reassures us
one of the best war movies ever made
the film is well-crafted and
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references
fun in this cinematic sandbox
a major movie
that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin
its laid-back way
art and commerce
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt )
the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound
every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film ,
's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire
leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
superb performance
funny stuff in this movie
to head off in its own direction
'll still be glued to the screen .
finely crafted ,
marks an encouraging new direction for la salle
adept
a solidly entertaining and moving family drama
an almost palpable sense of intensity
get it
a single surprise
an intoxicating show
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly
hardly a film that comes along every day .
and wonderful creatures
to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
a movie with depth
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied .
best rock
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .
ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times
third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !
in this romantic comedy
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever
skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse
's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring
it was a guilty pleasure
stylistically
purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .
's a very valuable film ...
clever ideas and visual gags
should be themselves
some robust and scary entertainment
jazzy new revisionist theories
the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,
complex characters
i 'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .
's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
stylish cast
genuine love story
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor
has worked wonders with the material
knows its classical music
fairly impressive debut
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart .
is more timely now than ever
fantasti
honest , and enjoyable
intoxicating documentary
dependable concept
a visual treat for all audiences
the cast is spot on
delicate ambiguity
weaves us into a complex web
generating suspense
gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel
is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
for its intelligence and intensity
funny , moving yarn
should be as entertaining as it is
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made
the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival
kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
the most enchanting film
, like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
the bravery and dedication
the edge of your seat for long stretches
whose meaning and
overcome blah characters
hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
fun family fare
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade .
playfully profound ... and
a tarantino movie with heart
by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
baked
lasting impression
a shock-you-into-laughter intensity
melodramatic movie
has ( its ) moments
that he 's the best brush in the business
, very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise ,
, invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
has many of the things that made the first one charming
like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
a clever
awfully entertaining
perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year
also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone
boasts some tart tv-insider humor
remarkable film
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway .
capable cast
both gripping and compelling
sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers
them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
on a true and historically significant story
if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic
a well-defined sense
could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
is a filmmaker of impressive talent
a landmark
with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction
meaningful
has a rather unique approach to documentary .
the film has several strong performances .
a meatier deeper beginning
most creative , energetic and original
epic cinema
a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
a treasure chest of material
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .
for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
it was going to be
reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it
will undoubtedly enjoy it
walk to remember
moderately successful but
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are
succeeds in entertaining ,
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality
this fast-paced
end up laughing
a smile
that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary
almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
a walk to remember a niche hit
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely new york celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before .
hollywood comedies such as father of the bride
it is wise
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
good yarn
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless
is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and
gets the job done
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear
very satisfying
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick
gooding is the energetic frontman
film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days
naturally charming
the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction
the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
secretary
of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians .
conventional but heartwarming
big screen magic
of good acting
bitter and truthful
also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
young american
on all levels
one of the better video-game-based flicks ,
for the most part , credible
's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .
a winning piece of work
digs into their very minds
good , solid storytelling .
polished
of a love affair
tasteful to look at
devito 's misanthropic vision
perfect movie
little catch
in all its director 's cut glory ,
grace and panache
engaging and exciting
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast
as subtle and as enigmatic
goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun
get all five
magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .
is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .
's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
inimitable diaz
had some success with documentaries
take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act
if you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .
frosting
entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller
'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up
mediterranean sparkles
to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
well-made pizza
earnestness
go-for-broke acting that heralds something special
for a few comic turns
is sure to win viewers ' hearts
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants ,
is engage an audience
think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version
one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom
swept away
with a serious minded patience , respect and affection
the huskies are beautiful
its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner
troubling and powerful
hooting it 's praises
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ...
, clever
a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief
a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists
it 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
their own brightly colored dreams
splashy and entertainingly nasty
its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
not a bad way
member
, paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years .
something as splendid-looking as this particular film
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip .
unexpectedly sweet
the right time in the history of our country
his chemistry with shimizu is very believable
fabuleux
on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness
are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable
stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
a creepy , intermittently powerful study
inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
a great film
meeting , even exceeding expectations
unique and entertaining twist
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss
making it one of the best war movies ever made
of fun or energy
will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have
pleasurable expressions
sprung from such a great one
nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
a strong sense of humanism
fun and enjoyable
good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe
is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch
sheerly beautiful film
time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
incredibly thoughtful
who inhabit it
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and
successful example
of the best actors there is
there are also some startling , surrealistic moments
that have reinvigorated the romance genre
the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
funny yet dark
a crowd-pleaser ,
vonnegut
the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
of daring films
of an impression
are all more than competent
`` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and
the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
that it is laughingly enjoyable
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold !
let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly ,
more revealing , more emotional and more surprising
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
skillful
did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection
easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .
various characters express their quirky inner selves
finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
and game phenomenon
the sturdiest example yet
so potent
when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there .
solid job
into a smart new comedy
the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
affectionate delight
surprisingly charming and
to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
visit , this laboratory of laughter
as a landmark in film history
the greatest natural sportsmen
pretty and gifted
that encompasses many more paths than we started with
much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo .
is marveilleux
acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending
( gayton 's script ) telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
freedom
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .
's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera
probe questions of attraction and interdependence
fascinates
sucks you in and
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .
in-your-face family drama and black comedy
fancy
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings
is still a cinematic touchstone .
very sweet
a-list director
fun and funny in the middle , though
but it was n't horrible either
an enthusiastic audience
not only satisfied
morality tale
gripping performances
keep you wide awake and
into your heart
dazzling pop entertainment
the good-time shenanigans
even if you 've never heard of chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious ,
resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
holds a certain charm
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid
the perfect cure
the best sex comedy
incisive and sensitive
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavor .
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different ,
been made with an enormous amount of affection
funniest and most likeable movie in years
good
apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings .
trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed
so rich with period minutiae
that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release
... ( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .
chris columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .
a lasting impression
a trend long overdue
is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
entertaining mix
ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
satisfied
improves
be entertained by
simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
, the film is well worthwhile .
good vampire tale
a deliciously nonsensical comedy
of satisfying entertainment
the shadowy lighting
arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
evil dead ii
winning
this rich
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but
never seems aware of his own coolness
french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro
a respectable summer blockbuster
dollars
wise men
a masterpeice
unforgettable characters
an assurance worthy of international acclaim
a great deal of thought
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization
it should be interesting
to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
, he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider 's performance is so fine
fall 's
fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller
some modest amusements
( the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
some special qualities and
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just
, hélène angel is definitely a director to watch .
an ` action film '
finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one
a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith 's next movie .
in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective
some very good acting
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy
pros
openness ,
ambitious , eager
was funny
tailor-made
more experimental in its storytelling
into a believable mother/daughter pair
crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script
quirky , off-beat project
really quite funny
real filmmaker 's
subtly different
christmas perennial
funnier film
some laughs in this movie
that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
makes
kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and
make you laugh
it 's very much like life itself .
are sweet and believable
stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack
those terrific documentaries
, evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat .
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
beautifully acted
holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
( d ) espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16
the highest power of all is the power of love
canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous
terrific setpieces
i love it ... hell , i dunno .
of a genre gem
very well-meaning
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes ,
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
a couple of great actors hamming it up
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller
provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
real poignancy
that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus
a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
archly funny
but still entertaining
entertaining to watch the target practice
his work with actors is particularly impressive .
poetic force
while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .
the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .
( tsai 's ) masterpiece
unleashes
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way
kind , unapologetic
impressive style
an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
for the best of hollywood 's comic-book
will be something to behold
is a visual treat for all audiences
succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
painless
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one
sometimes quite funny
any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect
of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
surprising emotional depth
convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment
a handsome and well-made entertainment
are reflected in almost every scene
's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix
tenderly observant of his characters
digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations
acquires an undeniable entertainment value
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .
expertly
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun
spiritually
can go home again
a sweet and modest
energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they
it 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one
altered
it is handled with intelligence and care
its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor
a straight face
yields surprises .
this dream hispanic role
make it an above-average thriller .
headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film
the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd
that place , that time
work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds
the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel )
anthropomorphic
frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director
impressive roster
innovators
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress .
enthusiastic audience
it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience
great fun ,
from `` promising
who learns that believing in something does matter
dry humor and jarring shocks , plus
youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness
all its agonizing , catch-22 glory
engrossing
this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat
the artwork is spectacular
this a charmer
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so
revolutionary
most oddly honest
even the most jaded cinema audiences
greatest films
poetic force and buoyant feeling
moving and important film
a clear sense of purpose
many moviegoers
remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty
to die for
a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right
worth your seven bucks
feel good about
chilling style
displays in freshening the play
could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
into sub-tarantino cuteness
clever script
the collaborative process
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer
intermittently good
an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia
highly studied
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and
surrounding us
reflective and
it 's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes ,
leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature
the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
hold society in place
after seeing ` analyze that , ' i feel better already .
one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama
keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever
colorful world
impressive achievement
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust .
loveable or otherwise
around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's
a high water mark
clever enough
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances
a good movie
is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care
also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
makes the heart soar
played this story straight
more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance
to transcend its clever concept
with a visually masterful work of quiet power
even touch us
compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
of impressive talent
done before but never so vividly
his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
cherish
are undeniably touched .
streamed across its borders
allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range
is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause
is consistently
there 's something vital about the movie .
, albeit a visually compelling one ,
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
it 's a lyrical endeavor .
huston 's revelatory performance
miraculous
do well to check this one out
heaven is one such beast
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary
sullivan and his son
's worth the concentration
in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
into the nature of faith
offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people
gritty
lush , all-enveloping movie experience
funnier
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies --
of updating white 's dry wit to a new age
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and
to savor binoche 's skill
definitely
beaches
enchantment
was as graceful
assured , glossy
the movie as a whole
to perform
opportunity to make absurdist observations
nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business
patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
call the film ` refreshing
in future years as an eloquent memorial
bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
that 's as entertaining as it is instructive
this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
to good actors
with imagination
all-powerful
that it actually makes the heart soar
extraordinarily rich landscape
superior crime movie
turn on many people to opera ,
just as endearing and easy to watch
there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
juice and delight
the best inside-show-biz
the better film 's
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 1/2 weeks
's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
just the labor involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
have been an eerie thriller
most substantial feature for some time
touching , sophisticated film
it 's soulful and unslick
the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
'' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be
some of it is honestly affecting
an entertaining and informative documentary
constant smiles
compelling , provocative and prescient viewing
you value your time and money
, it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
incredibly
family dynamics
you 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters --
for finding meaning in relationships or work
is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
enjoyable in its own right
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family
to entertain all ages
goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film .
offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't .
oscar-nominated
in the tradition
however entertainingly presented
the cast is impressive
gussied up
seamless and sumptuous stream
able to pull it back on course
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original
to be as naturally charming as it needs to be
the self-image
true-to-life characters
be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
made you love it
the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that 's all that matters .
's insecure in lovely and amazing ,
that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls
a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest
decent performances
its invitingly upbeat overture
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself ,
you 'll want things to work out
spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .
use of his particular talents
reliable textbook
they 're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .
of heart
a deft
than the first 30 or 40 minutes
on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .
encouraging
is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate
eye-popping visuals
provides a strong itch to explore more
a beautiful paean to a time long past
be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black
a fair amount of b-movie excitement
super - violent , super-serious
large-scale
has its merits
a sobering meditation
make a clear point --
the film is visually dazzling ,
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career
's most substantial feature for some time
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story
become the master of innuendo
frida gets the job done .
know the band or the album 's songs by heart
surprises
has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
adventures
sleek and arty .
eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story
easy , seductive pacing
must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
makes up for with its heart .
imaginative filmmaker
a substantive movie
it 's mostly a pleasure to watch .
with all of this
to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese
that actually has a brain
editorial process
were a person
poetry in motion captured on film .
are pretty valuable
a smart , nuanced look
right direction
sillier
carmichael
truths
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .
is masterly
stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 .
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey
this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
an overwhelming pleasure
is much more p.c. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance )
constant smiles and frequent laughter
his sly , intricate magic
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but
enlivens this film
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film
for each other
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script
sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile
builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love
looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic
works because reno
cheer flick
of fun , with an undeniable energy
vivacious
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .
delights for adults
combined with so much first-rate talent
it also rocks .
which awards animals the respect they
its impressive images
has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
gentle longing
very compelling
turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count
ensures the film never feels draggy .
's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades
genuine and sweet
's surprisingly decent , particularly
he 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
as though they are having so much fun
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .
can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .
distinguished
likely to seduce and conquer
the background -- a welcome step
marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity
gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
speeds up
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters ,
satisfactorily
fried in pork
the emotional depth
eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done
of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall
about their lives , loves and the art
this is a big , juicy role
a very complex situation
it 's really well directed
a valentine sealed with a kiss
theater feeling
constant fits of laughter
is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time
irresistible
, it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't .
a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion
joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate
is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist
the nifty premise
is that it counts heart as important as humor .
a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it
smooth and professional
naomi watts is terrific as rachel
a-list brit actors
grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun
playful and haunting
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
tossed in
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
for some robust and scary entertainment
such a pleasure
a troubadour
its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue
on a string of exotic locales
a fresh way
the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware
of high art
despite all the backstage drama
squarely fills the screen .
top-billed star bruce willis
a good yarn --
a sensitive , moving ,
cinematic poem
the rich performances by friel
a meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` b + . ''
dream
everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
compelling story to tell
the film 's intimate camera work and
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached
that it 's more than a worthwhile effort
this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
is no doubt true
clear-cut
be a breakthrough in filmmaking
succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system
beautiful
each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
the film shatters you in waves .
inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .
add much-needed levity
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp
because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas ,
if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .
brilliant in this
four-star
'' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
holiday carol
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling
a romantic comedy plotline
the star-making machinery of tinseltown
welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls
the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history
best kind
broad cross-section
the filmmaker 's characteristic style
are fantastic
most brilliant work
with the american dream
especially grateful for freedom
eerie thriller
joy and pride
you crave chris smith 's next movie
in the best way
exquisitely
'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
it does not attempt to filter out the complexity
the funniest and most accurate depiction
attuned
aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
respects the material without sentimentalizing it
incredible storyline
the beauty
a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower
plant smile-button faces
knockout
are so stunning
that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres
crisp and
zany '
thrill you
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding
of oral storytelling frozen onto film
a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
dramatic snapshot
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
an animation landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .
style and bold colors
best performance
hilarious and
the comic elements of the premise ,
uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .
you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes
leave a lasting impression
an old-fashioned scary movie ,
, inspiring
is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose
into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists
modern masculine journey
soars
the courage
manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity
is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
the animation master
for a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
the earmarks
inventive director
sly , sophisticated and surprising .
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things ,
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and
improves upon the original hit movie
such good humor
an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
going out and enjoying the big-screen experience
quirky and taken with its own style
one of the best
does everything
scotland looks wonderful
it really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . '
jaw-dropping action sequences
it 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .
is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph
of delightful hand shadows
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl
humanizing stuff
even-toned direction
deeply authentic
never cuts corners .
is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings
's there to scare while we delight in the images
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor
comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy
should catch this imax offering
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy
a beautiful paean to a time
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .
bravery and dedication
visceral excitement
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm
divine
unique way shainberg
which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
satisfies , as comfort food often can
, captures a life interestingly lived
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .
can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
originality
has some freakish powers of visual charm
the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better
infectiously enthusiastic
rare
sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness
is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic
the visceral excitement
suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable
the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .
a recommendation
shining
directed and convincingly acted
an honesty and dignity
enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully ,
ca n't wait to see end .
serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context
worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .
a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
's plenty to enjoy --
it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect
to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
final verdict
allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film
beguiling
there is no denying the power of polanski 's film ...
that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans .
these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
of animated filmmaking since old walt
damon/bourne or his predicament
pacino is the best he 's been in years and
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .
gives these women
fantastic
this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .
moments out of an alice
looks genuinely pretty .
a great cast and a great idea
make great marching bands
fine actors
, glaring and unforgettable .
deserves to be seen everywhere .
thoughtful minor classic
poetic symbolism
frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
a solid , unassuming drama .
, it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
has a terrific look
thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest
there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
noble
left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .
better than the phantom menace
is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .
a flourish
family film sequel
an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary
has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting
` possession , ' based on the book by a.s. byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general
sprung to life
history in perspective
he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing
finesse
highly-praised
are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise
carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
achieves its main strategic objective :
another best of the year selection
uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
something a little more special behind it :
inventive , consistently intelligent and
melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements
refreshingly forthright
perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
are for children and dog lovers
excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .
a heartfelt romance for teenagers
elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic
watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .
with most of the big summer movies
gift
progressed as nicely as ` wayne
this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
beats new life into it
splendid singing
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .
only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at
in which the talent is undeniable
what gives human nature its unique feel
's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
together ( time out and human resources ) establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .
well established
, they finally feel absolutely earned
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan josé campanella 's reputation in the united states .
giant william randolph hearst
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message
bolstered by exceptional performances
at least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii .
dark , intelligent warning cry
is far from disappointing , offering an original
she may not be real , but the laughs are
have thought possible
fluid
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey
the spirit
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades
nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
at its visual delights
leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
a fascinating curiosity piece
amiable and committed
hop beat
the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery
detailing
perfect wildean actor
with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect
do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .
that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need
really cool
it was particularly funny
for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
superhero
possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
is a must !
assured , vital
of life and small delights
( and better )
general family chaos to which anyone can relate
technically sumptuous but
an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
saved from
as banal as the telling may be -- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .
makes it look like a masterpiece
of a good time
a spiffy animated feature
the best sports movie
quirky and recessive charms
surprise us with plot twists
makes this a high water mark for this genre
's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary
gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear
make this an eminently engrossing film
let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best
work better
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
most importantly
life 's wonderment
remains brightly optimistic ,
mentally `` superior ''
amusedly ,
engaging ,
is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others
wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .
in favor
's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .
affectionately
a great impression
, the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
joyous documentary .
want to see over and over again
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women
as faithful portraiture
according to the script , grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other .
one of the best ensemble casts of the year
is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must !
that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride
it never lacks in eye-popping visuals
a serious minded patience , respect and affection
that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
enjoyable ease
pretty good little movie .
another classic
one of this year 's very best pictures
defend himself
can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story
ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny )
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp
long workout
boom mikes
will assuredly
debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes
emphasizes the computer and the cool
to big box office bucks all but guaranteed
telling
a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
brightly colored dreams
beautifully shaped
the holocaust escape story
humble
something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ...
as original and insightful
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect
involving in its bold presentation
look like a masterpiece
an enthusiastic charm
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music
encompasses many more paths
stylized humor throughout
to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple
i know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .
inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights
, the power of this movie is undeniable .
exceptional
its position
like shrek , spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .
brilliant performances
the movie 's messages are quite admirable
perfect family film
makes the formula fresh again
to forget that they are actually movie folk
gaping enough to pilot
are very expressive
beating the austin powers films at their own game
pokes , provokes
the procession
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
sharply comic
( tries )
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs ,
like it
advantage
hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry
to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ;
the silliness
a solid formula
entirely wholesome )
most of the movie 's success
confident filmmaking
respects
managed to convey a tiny sense of hope
is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
alexandre dumas classic
a tragic love story
focus , point and purpose
capable
mortal awareness
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor ,
a pathetic , endearing hero
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther
twinkling
endorses
self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence
creep the living hell out of you
like the guys
gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear
is definitely a cut above the rest .
brilliant and macabre
endearing and easy
a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .
a thrill
deeply affecting film
has a lot of charm .
two ideas
absorbing documentary
is worth your time , especially
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task
about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
its strengths
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills --
powerful and provocative
pleasant in spite of its predictability
she is a lioness ,
of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
comes off winningly
the best film
takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
` comedy ' scenes
very pleasing at its best moments
two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd
is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .
the more serious-minded concerns
can comfortably hold
nelson 's intentions are good , but
retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut ,
popular
is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
feel realistic .
authentically impulsive humor
've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .
often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy
better
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia
rising above similar fare
detailed
hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .
a tasty masala .
their idol 's energy and passion
're engulfed by it .
the road warrior
intellectual and emotional pedigree
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller
the cleverest
by a warmth that is n't faked
of high romance , brought off with considerable wit
wonderous accomplishment
emotionally strong and politically potent
the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller
as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
rare directors
it 's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale
ray liotta
vaunted empathy
pathetic , endearing
it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema
wise-beyond-her-years
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .
unhibited
unbreakable
strike a chord
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part .
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death
elvira fans
provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision
the ideal casting
unpredictable , hilarious
make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '
the insightful writer/director
wildly inventive
, girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre .
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
observant , unfussily poetic
sincerity
show real heart
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .
... by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
solid sci-fi thriller
a great deal of fun
this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
blade 2
capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark
most exciting action films
ravishing
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
modern master
is the film roman polanski may have been born to make
imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
who play their roles with vibrant charm
best movie
good old fashioned spooks
kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit
's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable
i 'll buy the criterion dvd .
recent successes
pleasure
its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome
us right into the center of that world
like schindler 's list
the modern day
oddly sweet comedy
with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
thoughtful examination
an engaging and intimate first feature
the theme does n't drag an audience down
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock
's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .
's lovely
one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works
stirring
the career peak
, with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly
they sometimes still can be made
remarkable and novel
effective film
most enjoyable releases
brings a beguiling freshness
powerful and
soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity
a freshly painted rembrandt
in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape
finest films
a standout performance
unique , well-crafted psychological study
funniest
likeable
sometimes creepy intimacy
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , ''
like jimmy 's routines
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .
virtuosic set pieces
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .
wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
seems to have recharged him .
is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching
the pitfalls
that tell the best story
see it for the passion
good material
's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals
a kind
breathes extraordinary life
entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated
layered richness
behold in its sparkling beauty
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings ,
a huge sacrifice
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
fred schepisi 's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
the places , and the people ,
with fondness and respect
winning piece
undeniable energy
on par with the first one
wo n't still be tapping
that peace is possible
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
a middle-aged romance
are presented in convincing way
but every bit as filling as the treat of the title
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino .
enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
grow into a movie career
the film has ( its ) moments
is a wish a studio 's wallet makes
rollicking adventure
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
buoyant energy level
younger generations
feel absolutely
homage
showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge
process of imparting knowledge .
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .
astounds
live happily ever
often exquisite
if ( jaglom 's ) latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
are too cute
pointed personalities
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .
funny and , in the end ,
often watchable , though goofy and lurid ,
it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
served
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all )
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .
give credit to affleck .
invaluable service
shows moments of promise
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
interesting technical exercise
slice of hitchcockian suspense .
contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen
solemn insights
a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera 's attention to detail .
paul grabowsky 's excellent music
troubled and determined homicide cop
is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
road trip
matches the page-turning frenzy
be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in
good for the goose
an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar
ben affleck
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .
comedic bliss
is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains
powerful and universal
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .
is wondrously creative .
( caine ) proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
a sane regimen
of the most interesting writer/directors
my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe .
writer and director burr steers knows the territory
humorous
being a true adaptation of her book
is clever and funny
undeniably gorgeous
, and genius
profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
compelling plots
food-for-thought cinema
tremendous chemistry
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing
brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
intimate than spectacular
a portrait of two strong men in conflict
its appeal
quality band
, but because of the startling intimacy
scorcher
recognize it
real-life hollywood fairy-tale
is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool
enjoyable feel-good family comedy
, evelyn comes from the heart .
dark , intelligent
fluid and mesmerizing sequence
, you know there 's something there .
as a cult film
revisionist fancy
is greatness here .
i say , entertaining
thanks to remarkable performances
is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
intelligent subtlety
in itself , is extraordinary .
clear-cut hero
exceedingly memorable one for most people
a zany mix
are very , very good reasons
the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
's actually sort of amazing
we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
shakespeare 's better known tragedies
you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ...
an interesting character
brave and
please history fans
few seconds
are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug
is like nothing we westerners have seen before .
thought out
glory
savage full-bodied wit
a skillful fisher
his effortless performance
a brutal and funny work .
enjoyed most of mostly martha
introduce video as art
good and ambitious
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film
considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve
makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured
soulful , incisive meditation
seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
of lazy humor
added clout
most appealing
the subtle direction
with so much passion
a few big laughs
director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining
is still very much worth
worthwhile themes
infinitely wittier version
ebullient tunisian film
forcefully told , with superb performances throughout
are laughs aplenty
that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .
a fascinating study
the treat of the title
intriguing story
chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
ensures the film never feels draggy
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way
the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .
utter cuteness
one of the most splendid
spikes of sly humor
screenplay to die for
that is revelatory
artsy and
to be intimate and socially encompassing
overflows with wisdom and emotion
realistic characters
of strictly a-list players
a spirited film and
she 's pretty and she can act --
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
life-embracing spirit
makes the right choices at every turn
without cheesy fun factor .
deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
to do with 94 minutes
a cinematic touchstone
just how well
poignancy , and intelligence
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene
the last 15 minutes
the gentle and humane side
solid formula
often inspiring
about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
results that are sometimes bracing
a compelling investigation
tender ,
binks
comedy fare
martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood
friday the 13th
the surest bet
a lush , swooning melodrama
glaring and unforgettable
undeniable entertainment value
laughed throughout the movie
crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and
while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
talk to her is so darned assured
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack
thrills and extreme emotions
clients
a slam-bang extravaganza that
a set of heartfelt performances
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! )
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
such exuberance and passion
as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .
's as sweet as greenfingers
the distinct and very welcome sense
's quite fun in places
is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
as well as a masterfully made one
a passion for cinema , and indeed sex ,
tremendous promise
career peak
original
though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
is a convincing one
believable and heart-wrenching
vibrant , colorful world
confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong
funny little film
the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions
rare combination
groundbreaking
solid performances and eerie atmosphere
it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
embedded in the sexy demise of james dean
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself
the movie completely transfixes the audience .
true and historically significant
fulford-wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
entertain all ages
fresh good looks and
about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .
of determination and the human spirit
has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency
passably
, it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '
just brilliant in this
the talented
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding
will no doubt
bright future
it 's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan .
delivers a magnetic performance
oscar winners
manage to hit all of its marks
new texture , new relevance , new reality
look no further
nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .
makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible
talented people
is such a perfect medium for children ,
riveting , brisk delight
riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
stakes out the emotional heart of happy .
friday after next
's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem
check it out
acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses
, organic character work
cinematic poet
the filmmakers ' eye for detail and
is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences
scoring high for originality of plot
williams absolutely nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film
relationship and
comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
fantastic
a deceptively simple premise
determined , ennui-hobbled
brave , uninhibited
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 '
it 's pleasant enough
the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .
because he gives the story some soul
appealing blend
discursive but oddly riveting documentary .
of breathtaking mystery
, personal film
a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides .
changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
in a big way
remains uniquely itself
is greatness
a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth
's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout
far more often than the warfare itself --
emerging in world cinema
, food-for-thought cinema
consistently clever and suspenseful .
put on an intoxicating show .
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and
well-written and
close to being exciting
holds up well
in its laid-back way
conspicuous success
more of a poetic than a strict reality ,
the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure
smartly played and smartly directed .
makes an amazing breakthrough
harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style
beautiful , evocative
of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael
especially charm
engaging , imaginative filmmaking
gorgeousness
unforgettable
a low-key , organic way
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and
, hart 's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player .
promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination .
very best movies
a cinematic postcard
, tender and heart-wrenching
extraordinary
a young american ,
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but
marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world
observant of his characters
vampire fun
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de
there to scare while we delight in the images
raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before .
often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .
his promise remains undiminished
terrific documentaries
the movie is ingenious fun .
's a movie about it
issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
imax cinema
acting that heralds something special
do n't avert our eyes for a moment
yes , it 's as good as you remember .
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and
quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
enjoyably
this 20th anniversary edition of the film
a cutting hollywood satire
keen eye , sweet spirit and
that have preceded it
as simple self-reflection meditation
as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable
blazingly alive and admirable
, the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat
our sympathies
, this film should not be missed .
a sharp , amusing study
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking )
wants to break free of her old life
the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
, viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
with a smile on your face
i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed
like you 've actually spent time living in another community
to the flowering of the south korean cinema
goodness for this signpost
recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to
unique residences
a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film
comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
catch it ... if you can !
certain sexiness
a lively and engaging examination
silly but strangely believable
lasting traces of charlotte 's web
high-profile
to the gallic ` tradition of quality
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films --
a solid , unassuming drama
a charge of genuine excitement
witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
her film
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and
for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure
oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
with her actors
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever
funny and poignant
a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director
warm and
well-timed
immensely ambitious ,
transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama
the beach
the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide
, well-crafted family film
stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .
a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .
should see it as soon as possible
add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb
imbued with passion and attitude .
a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal
that deserves recommendation
a joyous communal festival
encourage
with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view
faithful to melville 's plotline
the best performance
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .
surrealist flourishes
talented cast
mesmerize
a gorgeously strange movie
's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent
off the hook
, then you 're at the right film .
but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .
creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic .
is a pretty good job ,
invitingly upbeat
the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
carrying more emotional baggage than batman
a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .
a grittily beautiful film that looks
to a satisfying destination
except for the fine star performances
a disquieting and thought-provoking film
authentic to the core of his being
is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity
visually engrossing
the top japanese animations
hip comedy
scare while we delight in the images
with its own solemn insights
film buzz and whir
disney
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .
such high-profile talent
oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy
campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast
erotic
the stunt work is top-notch ;
is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself
its body humor and reinforcement
complex , politically charged tapestry
realize your mind is being blown .
the excellent performances
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances
will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids
any age
that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
ca n't deny its seriousness and quality
it ` perfection
a sweet
a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written ,
into the structure of relationships
smart movie
award-winning
is heartfelt and achingly real .
eerily accurate depiction
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .
look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard
pokémon 4ever
first-rate cast
gently political
remembrance
enjoy the movie
is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs
makes you crave chris smith 's next movie .
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters
old-world charm
rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .
passions , obsessions , and
fits into a classic genre ,
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation .
as well its delightful cast --
consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and
engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary
the right thing
heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
purely abstract
thanks to the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant
often surprises you with unexpected comedy
proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy
juicy writer
right film
of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary
heartfelt concern
watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights
( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there 's something vital about the movie .
can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself
a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron
a rounded and revealing overview
enjoy the new guy .
thoughtful , unapologetically raw
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home
absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist
tickles
invite
regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
the minds and hearts of many
sentimental
are simply intoxicating .
is kind of special
the cinematic canon ,
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational
its unsettling force
hard-hitting
it 's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things
incredibly layered and stylistic
is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism
carl
put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
( reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance .
is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is
refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
great crimes
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
good thing
the feat with aplomb
strange and wonderful creatures
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang
ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients
by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing
mattel
the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant
than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
intimate and
derivative
more emotional force than any other recent film
wise-beyond-her-years teen
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .
so original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich
fun-loving libertine
's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can
eat popcorn
deserves a place of honor next to nanook
is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb
the most original fantasy film
genuine ones
that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
with a bouncy score
one of the year 's best films
appreciate
, there 's something vital about the movie .
it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
the euphoria
entertaining and informative documentary
the sleekness of the film 's present
was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise
its emotional power
well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too
was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be .
smooth , shrewd , powerful act
a nicely
unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers
a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
, delicately performed
perceptive , good-natured movie
race splitting
a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
, and rousing
serve the work especially well
graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful ,
tame
you feel genuinely good
like quirky , slightly strange french films
first major studio production
successfully blended satire
a high-powered star pedigree
well-made
thought-provoking and
us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and
is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .
have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
's worth yet another visit
expressionistic license
the visual flourishes
explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut
simply astounding
gets the tone just right --
however , it 's invaluable
personal self-discovery
are great rewards here .
who is chasing who
's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year
most good-hearted yet
cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view
, like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
sophisticated wit
dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects
one regards reign of fire with awe .
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout
has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...
a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner ,
sweet cinderella story
an engrossing story
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but
, for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life
sucking you in ... and making you sweat
plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out
is in his element
has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
a happy ending
george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen
playfully
action-packed film
hefty thematic material
heart
did n't hate this one
pure , exciting moviemaking
of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
most of it given to children
well-acted
modest
nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and
in by the sympathetic characters
, in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
ms. hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate .
enough quirky and satirical touches
a strong dramatic and emotional pull
's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
give it considerable punch .
sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then
delight .
much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments
you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .
the best thing i can say about this film
fun and funky look
the film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
a generous , inspiring film
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
of epic adventure
could bond while watching a walk to remember .
challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means
fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
amusing and unexpectedly insightful
the interior lives of the characters in his film
's both charming and well
the goods
one clever line
is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master
respect and affection
so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
crowd-pleasing
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world
a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
itself , a playful spirit and
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .
inventive , fun ,
remarkable achival film
makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs
looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus
a good video game movie
's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway
maintains a cool distance
remarkable and memorable film
inspires more than an interested detachment
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .
the payoff
what 's most refreshing about real women have curves
pleasant piece
film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure
that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself
beguiling serenity and poise
( silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around )
immersed in a foreign culture only
those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves .
truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent
their super-powers , their super-simple animation and
an elegant work
filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece ,
what an idea , what a thrill ride
as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today
fabulousness
the screen like a true star
a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula
all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time
an avid interest in the subject
` a ' list cast
wit and interesting characters
incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` a walk to remember ''
of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire
a good-hearted ensemble comedy
affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass
language and locations
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .
memorable zingers
, roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
phenomenon
fun cheese puff
fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
three-hour cinema master class .
no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media
look at that clever angle
stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
( jeff 's ) gorgeous
with a certain degree of wit and dignity
allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
give a second look
see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices
as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season
the movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating
being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations
make creative contributions to the story and dialogue
fun for all
is such a mesmerizing one
is a far smoother ride .
all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t
it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say
gut-wrenching
interesting
a touching drama
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) ...
is generally amusing from time
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor
flavorful
is brilliant , really .
plus , like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall !
heartfelt romance
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
logistically
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .
could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline
fully formed and
a few ear-pleasing songs
you 'll like promises .
, evocative
'll probably love it
viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting
a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer
definitely a step in the right direction
the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder
was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon
has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
whimsical
surprisingly buoyant
astonishingly skillful and moving ...
a film with contemporary political resonance
a picaresque view
the campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .
fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances
a documentary to disregard available bias
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds
it will warm your heart
self-aware , often self-mocking ,
she-cute
french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud
a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness
will definitely win some hearts
is funny and looks professional
triumphs
have an intermittently good time
letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
rich , and strange
comedy
commanding screen presence
but thoroughly satisfying entertainment
two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker .
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
's funniest and most likeable movie in years
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .
innovations and
the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative
has a real filmmaker 's eye .
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
a perceptive , good-natured movie .
's very much like life itself
give a thought to the folks who prepare and
combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller
most basic
is more fun than conan the barbarian .
wonderful film to bring to imax
again and quite cheered at just that
the sheer beauty
uncommonly sincere
the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke .
a bonus
in enough clever and unexpected
emotional force
fun and funny in the middle
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
so convincing
a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions
're over 25
rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .
optimistic
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
tidal
clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...
energy , intelligence and verve ,
finest
though jones and snipes are enthralling
spirited
always entertaining
of a man with unimaginable demons
compelling and
the power of shanghai ghetto
delivers on the promise of excitement
amused
is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk
transcends their predicament
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity
visual merits
consummate
potential
funnybone
the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs
is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation
full-length classic
enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies
sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
gritty enough
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast
it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks
both oscar winners ,
at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work
with big heart
the most creative mayhem
to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood
charmer
long , intricate , star-studded and
a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .
, the movie is better than you might think .
a look
this illuminating comedy
times uncommonly moving
there 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
describes this film : honest
distinguished film legacy
is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .
sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .
, often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness
seems endless
flavors
in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment
to be the cat 's meow
're supposed to shriek
the cleverness
its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy
be cherished
the wildly popular vin diesel
love , duty and friendship
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit ,
a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal
moving , if uneven , success
undermining the story 's emotional thrust
a complicated hero
are not to be dismissed .
was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
of fascinating performances
the best advice
an improvement on the first blade
moments of breathtaking mystery
an inspired portrait
high-wattage
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .
this smart
a master
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons
made nature film and a tribute
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time
the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone
carved their own comfortable niche in the world
thematically
reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart
in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .
his ninth decade
, duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
last 15 years
treasure
in all fairness , i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
completely transfixes the audience .
are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall
intelligence and verve
great cinematic polemic
unique culture
one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films
is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
the ultimate movie experience
happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .
more down-home flavor
, imaginative
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits
a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn
spectacularly beautiful
( and funnier
charismatic and tragically
a rip-roaring comedy action
often-hilarious farce
contentedly
rare trick
conjured up more coming-of-age stories
portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
, we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
thoughtful and unflinching examination
( haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
adam sandler
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully
a movie that keeps throwing fastballs
of a-list brit actors
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .
steven seagal
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece
seek and strike just the right tone
is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts
rooted in a sincere performance
amazingly dopey .
an edgy thriller
emotionally strong and politically potent piece
compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
` funny
nonconformist
is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films
is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
with a core of decency
the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
through clever makeup design
's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
defiantly and delightfully against the grain
full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
one of the funnier movies in town
honest insight
delicious and
has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight
sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society
's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination
of sexy intrigue
be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience
an intriguing and alluring premise
the perkiness of witherspoon
takes advantage of the fact
the town has kind of an authentic feel ,
i also wanted a little alien as a friend !
thrilling movie
i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but
has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
crisp framing , edgy camera work ,
riveting and surprisingly romantic
it 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past
road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing
needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .
engage
delivers a powerful commentary
proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors
is going to be something really good
believe it
be why it works as well as it does
funny and touching
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .
lively and engaging examination
works so well for the first 89 minutes ,
rohmer still has a sense of his audience
comes together
for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .
go where the moment takes them
exquisite motion picture
darkly funny
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
genre-busting
lots of obvious political insights
a headline-fresh thriller
starts promisingly
the two and
of lingerie models and bar dancers
is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year .
a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images
down memory lane
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and
padding
in auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich
credible and remarkably mature
clever and insightful
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
make this a charmer
with his effortless performance
laughingly
jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
give you
celebrates the human spirit
show to steal
is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and
funny , sweetly adventurous
taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and
twinkly-eyed
this is an interesting movie ! ''
it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
imagination and authentic christmas spirit
vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other --
director peter kosminsky
true events
a remarkable and novel
insurance company office
a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
become expert fighters
shrewd and effective film
do in this marvelous film
tongue-in-cheek
forged in still-raw emotions
of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan ''
so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
sassy
in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil
you can taste it ,
finds its moviegoing pleasures
his usual intelligence and subtlety
compelling and horrifying
an amusing little catch
eighth-grader
an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys
of pure craft and passionate heart
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
a tale full of nuance and character dimension
had gone in for pastel landscapes .
need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work
's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film
headline-fresh thriller
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .
a part of its grand locations
frustrates and captivates
brings out the allegory with remarkable skill
is an accomplished actress
landmark
the laughs
are both superb
it gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
wholesome
uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
detailed performances
but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy
the first fatal attraction
party-hearty
gates
of a well-made pizza
a heck of a ride
a few tasty morsels under your belt
a sheer unbridled delight in the way
eloquent ( meditation ) on death and
both leads are up to the task
a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions
lee 's achievement
an eventual cult classic
it 's sort of in-between
than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry
feel-good territory
it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph '
much-needed levity
this story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century
a surprisingly funny movie
a quietly moving
observed character piece .
an interesting controversy
hugely entertaining
a kick
one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement
versace
quite the career peak
worth a look
can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one
true emotional connection or identification frustratingly
educates viewers with words and pictures
at how clever it 's being
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable
it is instructive
one helluva singer
have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it
mr. caine and mr. fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .
to faith and rainbows
fascinating study
cheeky
an athlete , a movie star
championship
he 's willing to express his convictions
emphasizing
that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
it ultimately satisfies with its moving story
guessing plot and an affectionate
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense
's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts )
live up to material
which makes its message resonate .
titillating
aplenty
morally alert
richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing
is to be mesmerised .
for all the dolorous trim
introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
its occasional charms
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage
glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit
, the characters move with grace and panache
amusedly
kinky fun
delight your senses and crash this wedding !
a technical triumph and an extraordinary
amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
score points for political correctness
gutsy and perfectly
, endearing
have saved this film a world of hurt
what makes barbershop so likable
let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
, what an idea , what a thrill ride .
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm ,
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably
is one of this year 's very best pictures .
far superior
almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half
enjoyable trifle
emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown 's life .
a movie that 's held
smartly and wistfully
enervating determination
a man has made about women since valley of the dolls
hugely enjoyable film
delivering oscar-caliber performances
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .
of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies
delightful , well-crafted family film
and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
those exceedingly rare films
that works
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs
a decent tv outing
embraces its old-fashioned themes
the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
stylistic austerity and forcefulness
the most enchanting film of the year
that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower
stunning fusion
slight but sweet
's packed with just as much intelligence as action
charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments
taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
such a well loved classic
, who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
above all
rises to its clever what-if concept .
a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
superior moral tone
have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it
best possible senses
two marvelously
encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
have been a sketch on saturday night live
looks neat
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm
a non-stop funny feast
, it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
conceptually brilliant
leather pants &
candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take
wonder of wonders
can easily be considered career-best performances
begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully
good looks
you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
still has a sense of his audience
as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise
the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
a compelling story of musical passion
intelligent , caustic
for teens to laugh , groan and hiss
ending surprise
features a standout performance by diane lane
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well
anonymous chiller
works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently
bronze
is a fascinating film
effective moments
earnest moment
you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .
spectacular
an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film
also happens to be good
if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow
sincere acting
deep , uncompromising
makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose
are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
eastwood 's loyal fans
that upends nearly every cliché
the most fluent of actors
expert fighters
a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope
enjoyed the thrill of the chill
glows
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast
café
( a ) strong piece of work
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera
sweet and sexy
a moving tale
that remains vividly in memory long
is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
coming-of-age theme
that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
full-bodied
crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
most enchanting
a touching , small-scale story
due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired
seem so real in small doses
the best of both worlds
captivatingly quirky hybrid
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon ,
with a solid cast ,
weird and wonderful
is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .
's not bad prose
to capture these musicians in full regalia
huge fan
faith in the future
complex ,
many talented people
somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
a marvel
driven by appealing leads
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
anchoring performance
costner 's
quirky , charming and often hilarious
esoteric
yields surprises
a terrific screenplay
definitely worth
emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds
hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins
real-time rhythms
elegant , mannered and teasing
of naiveté and sophistication
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ...
is a hoot
to keep things interesting
it well worth watching
viewed and treasured
, surrealistic moments
welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor
that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
funny documentary
deep intelligence
the nicest thing
you care about the characters
more enjoyable than its predecessor .
're at the right film
an interesting look
pulling on heartstrings
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !
oscar-caliber
the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
distinctive
engaging storyline
a surgeon mends
's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .
a terrific role
a flood of emotion
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .
begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them
it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one
gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe
'll cheer
, this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
the stories work and
very ambitious
amuse even
more than a bait-and-switch
the comic possibilities
who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman 's similarly updated 1970 british production .
it might deliver again and again
enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over
guessing plot and
cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly
some flashy twists
of a great one
another classic for the company
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and
freakish
cascade over the screen effortlessly
straightforward , emotionally honest
a bravura performance
discovering your destination in life
, banter-filled comedy
needed .
, political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal
want to be jolted out of their gourd
directed with purpose and finesse
timeless and universal tale
stories work
through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .
may have been born to make
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie ,
first-timer
pubescent
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
thoroughly enjoyed themselves
feels uncomfortably real ,
a performance that is masterly
has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit !
is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .
it has its moments
solidly constructed , entertaining thriller
, pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
rich details
by an angel simplicity
helps create a complex , unpredictable character
has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over
it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
monumental
must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him
can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . '
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood
could be so light-hearted ?
that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time
can feel the love .
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and
has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
recommend big bad love only
the resourceful molly
thoughtful screenplay
parental units
invitingly upbeat overture
is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
can take the grandkids or the grandparents
to the gifted korean american stand-up
a more than satisfactory amount of carnage
we 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
- i also wanted a little alien as a friend !
terrific b movie
whole family
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus ,
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .
is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness
both times
a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
bombshell documentary
high note
the charming result
also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play
are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .
see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
perfect quiet pace
with the waldo salt screenwriting award
a vivid imagination and an impressive style
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .
's never too late to believe in your dreams .
it is to be ya-ya
self-deprecating comedy
that makes it attractive throughout
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts
even better than the fellowship
a give-me-an-oscar kind
is prime escapist fare .
first-rate performance
sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
, but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .
both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good
is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
has some of the best special effects ever
the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context
actually improves upon the original hit movie
dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
generally amusing from time
a rock-solid gangster movie
necessary viewing for sci-fi fans
smarter and more unnerving than the sequels
grand picture
nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . '
it is a remarkably original work .
childlike smile
brave and sweetly
the result is somewhat satisfying
directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable
, triumphant ,
a nice album
confidently
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
moving experience
it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
is an enjoyable big movie
, well , funnier .
paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
it 's definitely a step in the right direction .
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .
wonderful as the long-faced sad sack
fun with it
twenty-first
a genius
real situations and characters
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .
the genuinely funny jokes
worth sitting through
's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs
a fascinating little tale
skilfully
is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson
laid back
despite modest aspirations
'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away
a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy
one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages
very compelling tale
's really so appealing about the characters
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock
russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
, it will be well worth your time .
the land
might actually want to watch
of charm
mesmerize , astonish and entertain
is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents
to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits
sometimes exceptional film
clarity and
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns .
laughter and self-exploitation
mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible :
a coming-of-age tale
maintains an appealing veneer
interesting in unfaithful
is such a sweet and sexy film
probably one of the best since the last waltz
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold
keep the story compelling
feeling this movie
demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
far more stylish and
's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work .
a poignant comedy that offers food for
is like binging on cotton candy
point and purpose
leave you wanting more ,
the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side
stirs us as well
born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
right choice
are remarkable
marshall keeps the energy humming ,
to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films
come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
stunning technical achievement
the brim with ideas
iles
some charm and heart
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why
awakening and
, mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
a strength
that appeals to me
, laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .
shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema
, his secret life will leave you thinking
the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
miracles ,
nothing short of refreshing
be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
see all summer
as scary-funny as tremors
a captivatingly quirky hybrid
a wonderful film to bring to imax
an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
you find comfort in familiarity
rises above the level of a telanovela .
astounds .
point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
engage and even touch us
loved classic
transformed star
from a sharper , cleaner script
of a director enjoying himself immensely
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
greatest
utterly transcend gender
cinema fans
where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
talented performers
hooks us
more accurate than anything
has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side
short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
grab you
of entertainment that parents love to have their kids
hedonistic creativity
benefit enormously
the performances are worthwhile .
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie
ripe recipe , inspiring
the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers
visual splendor that can be seen in other films
love it ... hell , i dunno .
that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
solid , satisfying fare for adults
is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .
a wish your heart makes
renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis
that really tells the tale
oscar-worthy
for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity
it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
interesting storytelling devices
much to it
the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story
trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? '
a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this
its originality
realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .
patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks
the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
is something of a triumph
is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely ,
who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting
a half dozen
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women
thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering
abridged edition
your entertainment standards
finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise
of genuine insight into the urban heart
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
is a fascinating little tale
anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
good news to anyone
as delicately calibrated in tone
the bullseye
is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .
may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
its real emotional business
washington demands and receives excellent performances
humor and lightness
provide an emotional edge
, the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
in entertaining
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
its gentle , touching story
sweet spirit
a self-reflexive , philosophical nature
the outstanding soundtrack
sharp script
particularly funny
will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy
the head of the class of women 's films
naturally funny
awed
how i killed my father compelling
apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .
ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
is icily brilliant
just might turn on many people to opera , in general
, are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and
is a hoot , and
be called the best korean film of 2002
is haunting ... ( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .
has rewards
created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
fascinating connections
is icily brilliant .
as a well-made evocation
works beautifully as a movie
original character , siuation or joke
is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
steven shainberg 's adaptation
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .
well-characterized
a pleasure to watch
more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
a triumph
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received
esteemed writer-actor
captivated
scherfig 's light-hearted profile
is wonderful .
moments of promise
deft comic timing
is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
seems to elicit a chuckle
a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes
, unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart
's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .
captures the raw comic energy of one
hilarious writer-director himself
laugh-out-loud lines ,
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera ,
top-notch action powers
breaking new ground
sensitive ensemble performances and
throughout , mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
a beautiful paean
his rental car
thinking about going to see this movie
woody allen has really found his groove these days .
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch ,
elegant technology for the masses
peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
scoring
blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .
reap more rewards
authentic christmas spirit
most savory and hilarious
a celebrated wonder
the free-wheeling noir spirit
delight
rip-roaring comedy action
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
multi-character story
a workable primer
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions ,
keeping the picture compelling
has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess
has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics
even more to think about after the final frame
mature
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .
properly spooky film
new favorite musical
how families can offer either despair or consolation
appealing couple
surprised
that believing in something does matter
parents beware ;
shine through the gloomy film noir veil
liked it much better
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie
exceptionally
most jaded
it 's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul
howlingly trashy time
splendid
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece
scare the pants off you
is a really special walk in the woods .
terminally cute drama
nuanced look
truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film
even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey ,
's work as well as a remarkably faithful one
classic satire
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry .
have a great time
a torrent
darling band wilco
an important movie ,
is frequently amusing
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember .
ambition
for controversy
the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but
interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
memories and one fantastic visual trope
is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute
are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros
love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
families and church meetings
deserves an oscar nomination
its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
able to forgive its mean-spirited second half
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered
is your film .
is a disarmingly lived-in movie
amusement
who loves both dance and cinema
eloquent , deeply felt meditation
suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
without ever being self-important
is a likable story , told with competence .
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and
to the edge of your seat
windshield
feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective
the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically
gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day
sets out to entertain
terrifically
this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
stirs the emotions
will turn bill paxton into an a-list director
extremely imaginative through out
the urbane sweetness
charming but slight tale
fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd
a straight-ahead thriller that
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence
they engage and even touch us
can trust
academy award
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life
revels in its own simplicity
cheering
title performance
the dark visions already relayed by superb
that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos
wanting more
holds up well after two decades
is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing .
to be favorably compared to das boot
what 's so striking about jolie 's performance
an amicable endeavor
could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one
good deal funnier
this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
10-course banquet
is a successful one
several of steven soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .
the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .
pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything ,
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks
as he creates
gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
a fascinating character 's story
enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary
give performances of exceptional honesty
slightly humorous and tender
there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .
holds you in rapt attention
resuscitate
bold by studio standards
are great rewards
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
funniest and most likeable movie
confidently orchestrated
because it made him feel powerful
a thoughtful movie
crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
creativity
it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
a very funny , heartwarming film
find much fascination in the swinging
convincing characters
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .
a colorful , joyous celebration
i will be .
love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .
important and exhilarating
dignified ceo
enjoyable , if occasionally flawed ,
elegant technology for the masses --
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor
resident
have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
, the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .
ke
stereotypes in good fun ,
are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
high-concept
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view
inviting
an exhilarating
the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .
is a heartfelt story
it has a bigger-name cast
, heartfelt
best achievements
most delightful moments
with a sure and measured hand
liking
, it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
could be considered a funny little film
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers
seeing things from new sides
, but i suspect it might deliver again and again
the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion
are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief
elegantly balanced movie
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in
puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers .
the gorgeous locales
a reasonably good time with the salton sea
the sexuality
thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
executed it takes your breath away .
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .
negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
its extraordinary intelligence and originality
with solid performances and eerie atmosphere
considerable wit
crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best
elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy
able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
surprising , subtle turn
the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
joyous occasion
quirky , fun , popcorn movies
the worthy successor to a better tomorrow
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
witty and beneath
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race
an alluring backdrop
gets a lot of flavor and spice
compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway
it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
insightful moments
have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury
unexpected comedy
the best part about `` gangs '' was daniel day-lewis .
made him a truly larger-than-life character
human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
powerful direction
on an irresistible , languid romanticism
funny thrill
tasteful , intelligent manner
lead actress andie macdowell
an interesting topic ,
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword
most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version
felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting
best part
feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
simple message
a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee
woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back .
more damning
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
are such a companionable couple
jolly
entertaining itself
a stunning new young talent
the intoxicating fumes
as funny
wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair
the crisp clarity of a fall dawn
sensation
presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future
female empowerment
in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . '
makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering
has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate
tnt
minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy
has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .
anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
the emotional heart
's coherent
bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
that matters
is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
a good match of the sensibilities of two directors
little $ 1.8 million charmer
is polanski 's best film .
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and
extensive post-production
worthwhile
is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .
far bigger , far more meaningful story
as pleasantly
you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century
a striking new significance for anyone
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength
as sharp as the original
by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling
, naturally dramatic
so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart
berling and béart ... continue to impress , and isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters .
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is
leaves you wanting more
quasi-documentary
very capable nailbiter
ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
` swept away '
humane and important
engaging as it is revealing
beautifully
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders ,
an all-around good time
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family ,
the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .
it thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice .
to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting
establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors
has some of the best special effects
that relies on more than special effects
the film 's winning tone
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged
has worked wonders with the material .
far funnier
inexpressible
skilled
any working class community
if you like peace , you 'll like promises .
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .
solo
going where no man has gone before
old enough to have developed some taste
the film 's reach exceeds its grasp
serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films .
a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it
between the fantastic and the believable
's the very definition of epic adventure
captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower
sweetly adventurous
deftly entertaining film
appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and
hip hop fantasy
a minimalist beauty and
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but
commander-in-chief
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna .
smartest
ode to tackling life 's wonderment
miller , kuras and the actresses
first-class
have a new favorite musical
's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
's as entertaining
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents
is cool .
and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and
schütte 's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
very distinctive
endearing
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but
of the masterful british actor ian holm
well-made and
great over-the-top
thought-provoking
uncharted depths
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history .
our respect
in this summer 's new action film
his is an interesting character
the movie landscape
a ripping good yarn
smart and complicated
the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women
trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .
informative and
these guys ' superhuman capacity
fearlessness
proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business
continue to impress
woo
deliberately and devotedly constructed
the six-time winner
a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement .
with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story
light enough
in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate
at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
just the right tone
pretty damned wonderful
hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary
liveliness
show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations
a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire
peaked about three years ago
like
potentially interesting idea
dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell .
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure
safe as a children 's film
highlighted
intimate and panoramic .
resorts to easy feel-good sentiments
shining star
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past
the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut .
ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences
recreating it an in an african idiom
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite :
a great story
guilty-pleasure
somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .
despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
smart and newfangled
asset
a very sincere work
an impressive job
bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but
come to earth
, it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
you leaving the theater with a smile on your face
a warm and well-told tale
has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
of the all-time great apocalypse movies
fairly solid -- not to mention
's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but
memories of rollerball
old-fashioned themes
, funny and touching
, refreshingly ,
the heart of the film
a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations
provocative material
relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial
you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece
all but spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role .
a bunch of talented thesps
mr. deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
, heartwarming yarn
this is the ultimate movie experience
at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
's provocative stuff
that soars above the material realm
gorgeously elaborate continuation
knows everything and answers all questions
besides its terrific performances
is highly pleasurable
lovely trifle
's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
a strong script , powerful direction and
real americans
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling
you would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .
company once again dazzle and delight us
want to watch
's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit
the stories are quietly moving .
carries you along in a torrent of emotion
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role
adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining
are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination
polished
from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
a generational signpost
... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .
is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
deliver a great story
shiri is a must for genre fans .
since its poignancy hooks us completely
notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should .
an above-average thriller
, and even touching
which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state
is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
the edge
the highest and the performances
fast-moving and cheerfully
every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do --
once again that he 's the best brush in the business
for the earnest emotional core
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative
warmth
barbershop so likable
seem so real
meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
bourgeois french society
for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all
visible enthusiasm
undeniably worthy and devastating experience
return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
dawns , comic relief
a cleverly
accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
covers this territory with wit and originality
if you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x.
wind
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '
most entertaining
, more playful tone
the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry
to view one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy
real emotional impact
cinematic razzle-dazzle
vastly improved
by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
, first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer .
remarkable performance
deft and subtle poetry
really tells the tale
will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .
a pretty woman
unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
impressive
the sexy razzle-dazzle
yet feels universal
, well-shaped dramas
most wondrous love story
perfection
, uplifting and moving
that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
a hilarious adventure
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia
loved this film .
moviegoing pleasures
be sensational
of its attractive young leads
everlasting
one step further
stays with you long after you have left the theater
a group of talented friends
valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view
is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer .
about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement
ol'
a journey
know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero
at least funny
was better than saving private ryan
that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
a good fight
to rival gosford park 's
a handful of virtuosic set pieces
best animated
one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists
credit director ramsay
a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances
best and most exciting
a top-notch cast
fanciful direction
a beautiful , aching sadness to it all
theological
10,000
based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal
most pleasurable expressions
top-notch british actor
here of a director enjoying himself immensely
own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute
is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family
eloquent language
subtle , humorous , illuminating study
real magic , perhaps
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
an original idea for a teen movie
can you bear the laughter ?
lovely film
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .
is almost in a class with that of wilde
with honest performances and exceptional detail
excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope
that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again
a historically significant work
will talk about for hours
plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
it worth checking out at theaters
quite a bit of heart ,
director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
my greatest pictures ,
, starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian
been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode
hilariously ,
the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius
its storytelling prowess
of dramatic interest
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes
about the best straight-up
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense ,
i have a new favorite musical -- and i 'm not even a fan of the genre
to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop
offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
epic
pleasant , diverting and modest
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .
, delicate treatment
're drawn in by the dark luster
emotional edge
one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music
intelligence and intensity
a certain sexiness
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough
be intimate and socially encompassing
more confident
some delightful work
is still good fun .
a few evocative images
whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character
this film 's cast is uniformly superb
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .
unlimited access
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .
of warmth , color and cringe
jagger , stoppard and director michael apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
is tuned in to its community
empowerment movie
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh
ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city .
learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy
from the brave , uninhibited performances
well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest .
decent ` intro ' documentary
point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets
of building to a laugh riot
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .
fresh , unforced naturalism
the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease
stylish tracking shots
a smart , provocative drama
his ( nelson 's ) screenplay
20th anniversary edition
gentle and
brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse
that rare documentary that incorporates so much
loaded with good intentions
here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
genre thrills
have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one
, fun , popcorn movies
the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
clever adaptation
the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing
have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
can see without feeling embarrassed
really good
that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
of the best
light treat
spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications
see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good
enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little
powerful sequel
without being forceful , sad without being shrill
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable ,
the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english --
a gobbler like this
writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction
a wildly inventive mixture
into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness
someone understands the need for the bad boy
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice .
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .
the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type
be played out in any working class community in the nation
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional
elevate `` glory ''
the metaphors are provocative ,
to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama
are also some startling , surrealistic moments
weirdly beautiful place
is definitely worth seeing .
tells a fascinating , compelling story .
is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
prepare to marvel again
delightful work
brought something fresher to the proceedings
is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
worthy
your idea of a good time
it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time
emotional heart
's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe
a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place
you feel good , you feel sad
a lot of charm
a visionary
... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
with originality
are natural and lovely
laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor
absorbing ,
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
is , however ,
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .
dreaming up romantic comedies
with a tale full of nuance and character dimension
is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
smart and
, but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity
do it his own way
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers
whose cumulative effect is chilling
the director at his most sparkling
a fine cast
tendency
quite good
it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph
talent and wit
a fresh point of view
a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
its initial excitement
can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline
masterpeice
wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness .
its effectiveness
its funny , moving yarn
a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
most mornings
and well-made entertainment
heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start
's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
honesty and dignity
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot
highly watchable , giggly little story
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
a step further , richer and deeper
himself a deft pace master and stylist
to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching
that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
its sweeping battle scenes
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic
enhancing
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout
flowering
is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
well-formed satire
with considerable appeal
e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone .
sing beautifully and act adequately .
for damon/bourne or his predicament
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
greatest pictures
what makes the movie fresh
crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book
, byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day .
1987
elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world
the biggest names in japanese anime ,
shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions
through love
the values of knowledge , education , and the
i like this movie a lot .
mystic
it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... life .
energy it 's documenting
precisely
i 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .
curious
grisly and engagingly quixotic
's certainly an honest attempt to get at something
is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .
should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
a brilliant piece of filmmaking
, this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .
( macdowell ) ventures beyond her abilities
tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
sensual delights and simmering
their natural instinct for self-preservation
what bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen
touching
with this masterful , flawless film , ( wang ) emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
has made tucker a star
own cuteness
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief
layers
full , chilling advantage
better than the fiction
deserves to be seen everywhere
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
for every taste
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .
pack some serious suspense
... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
is a movie you can trust .
succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
unstoppable
this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
the fun of toy story 2
honest performances
is pleasant enough
geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .
of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
a hit
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded
fun part
beautifully read and , finally ,
... visually striking and slickly staged
unblinkingly pure as the hours
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff .
manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks
, every shot enhances the excellent performances
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .
is so different from the apple and so striking
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro
it 's a very valuable film ...
insane comic undertaking
clear sense
the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and
so successful at lodging itself in the brain
wickedly funny and just plain wicked
deliberate laughs
possibly the best actor working in movies today
perfectly formed
that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them
is hypnotic
( shyamalan ) continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
, charismatic and tragically
wit or innovation
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .
come away from his film overwhelmed ,
the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .
he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
a stirring road movie .
certain
if you 're up for that sort of thing
there are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall .
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman . '
their enthusiasm
be very sweet
smarter and subtler
`` the best disney movie
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
a showcase
stands as one of the great films about movie love
grant is certainly amusing
a genial romance
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .
full-bodied wit
modestly made
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .
the creative act
bravura
so real
despite its shortcomings , girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre .
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters
it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
a relationship that is worthy of our respect
the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing .
astoundingly rich
devotees
feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
, double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action
has done excellent work here
evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction
better characters
few nonbelievers
plan to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '
in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
fuelled devito 's early work
make up for a derivative plot
is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
a real charmer
convinced
elegant
short of true inspiration
whimsy
one decent performance
really solid performances
in and of himself funny
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
wins still
refreshingly natural
frame one
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters
manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
the love of family
it 's unnerving suspense
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .
with more emotional force than any other recent film
the bread ,
best comedy concert movie
shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team
flawless
american blockbusters
secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
a surprisingly funny movie .
with roussillon providing comic relief
perceptive , good-natured
tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ?
enjoy the film
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly
engages us in constant fits of laughter ,
imaginative as one might have hoped
duly impressive in imax dimensions
compelling film .
world-renowned
to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation
, you 're engulfed by it .
a vision both painterly and literary
quick-witted
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky
something different
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding
, crisp storytelling
like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings
to refresh our souls
is one of those rare pictures
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller
magnetic performance
first full flush
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
its courage , ideas ,
are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .
enormously entertaining movie
, occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film
in the business
far more energy
wilde 's droll whimsy
of the great minds of our times
one arresting image
what makes it worth the trip to the theater
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time
emotional comfort
been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
all the wiggling energy
is his best film yet
back with the astonishing revelation
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as
as the synergistic impulse that created it
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ...
attractive and talented actors
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette ,
poignant and delicately complex .
the wise , wizened visitor
wit and dignity
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture
what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision
lovely and beautifully
be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
good idea
a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
, you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
you 're a comic fan
up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
energy and imagination
another smash
is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit .
special
dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year
the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
heartwarming yarn
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
intensely romantic
three splendid actors
is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .
thoroughly enjoyable
to `` interesting ''
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style
fine-looking
marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
engrossing story
( the leads ) are such a companionable couple
make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
buoyant , expressive
watch the film twice
a touching reflection
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '
a clever script and skilled actors
watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and
that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater
the most edgy piece of disney animation
in the right place
sweet , even delectable
as part of mr. dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
performances , great to look at , and funny
a movie of technical skill and rare depth
the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny
of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs
, soar .
made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
politics , power and
is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking
is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .
the titillating material
enjoyably
be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
's pure entertainment
constantly touching
an entertaining documentary
striking , quietly vulnerable personality
compassion , good-natured
deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still
is japanese and yet feels universal
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale
is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence
a good movie ye
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson .
a weird , arresting little ride .
much more than
ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
any art-house moviegoer
more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
ingenue
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and
an unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .
the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones
more intimate than spectacular , e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
one of the funniest motion
` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
a dime
airy cinematic bon bons
in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism
stunning
warm as it is wise
a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness
warm and well-told
that is actually funny with the material
narrative continuity
a canny crowd pleaser , and
a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
so watchable
stunning animation
great marching bands
absolutely amazing
successful
the touch is generally light enough and
unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
has some nice twists but the ending
washington has a sure hand .
very good film
more curious
liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive
ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away
few movies have ever approached
springing
bigger than yourself
a wonderful account to work from
turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
lil bow wow takes the cake
and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
from japan
knows how a daily grind can kill love
told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
audacity and openness
enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies
one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
to like
, overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
exhilarating documentary
to accomplish
when cares melted away in the dark theater
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment
adorably whimsical comedy
how pertinent its dynamics remain
hip-hop indie snipes
may be the performances of their careers
from a faraway planet
tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
a powerful sequel and one
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented ,
uproarious humor
deft punctuation
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time
it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
the four feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and
of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design
forefront
be most in the mind of the killer
a celebration
like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish
a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
frailty fascinates
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ...
remains brightly optimistic
worth your time
still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable
, shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
the artwork
, the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ...
has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs
its beautiful women
clever scripting solutions
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation .
is uniformly superb
, the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
one of french cinema 's master craftsmen
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .
suspenseful cliché
most virtuous limits
to our basest desires
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions
comic energy
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure
excites the imagination
a vivid , spicy footnote to history ,
a suspenseful spin
get more re-creations of all those famous moments
real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
good guys
very expressive
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love ,
said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
, gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
the film operates nicely off the element of surprise
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
berling and béart ... continue to impress ,
, comfortable
as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die
of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
for something new
's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
engaging simplicity
strong and convincing
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
but the actors make this worth a peek .
a masterpiece --
a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder
a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force
any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling
maybe twice )
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
remarkably unpretentious
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .
funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful
it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
a work of extraordinary journalism , but
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds
full
it goes further than both
more than a whiff
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
joyous communal festival
you would n't turn down a big bowl of that
fearlessly
that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .
a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet
subtly kinky bedside vigils and
auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance
hard to resist .
more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
of purpose and even-handedness
the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma
, the film does hold up pretty well .
yet surprisingly entertaining
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .
of a sleeper success
being real
that made a walk to remember a niche hit
rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season
at once visceral and spiritual ,
as an actor 's showcase
dressed up this little parable
an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing
top-notch action powers this romantic drama
without any of the pretension associated with the term
journey into a philosophical void
humor and a heartfelt conviction
for the best
two dimension tale
friends will be friends through thick and thin
if good-hearted , movie .
the characters are intriguing and realistic
realism , crisp storytelling and
actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point
unflappable
traditional romantic
a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud
lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ;
the hours , a delicately crafted film
the metaphors are provocative
it puts washington , as honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
super-dooper-adorability intact
reassures
of america , history and the awkwardness of human life
an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey
beautifully designed
thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism ,
genuinely unnerving .
and movie life
effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself
some comic sparks
subtle , and resonant
though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
a smart , nuanced look at de sade and
grows on you .
and for many of us , that 's good enough .
unparalleled
love robin tunney
its own
and sublime music
a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score
the kind of social texture and realism
astoundingly
humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life
good one
is better than ` shindler 's list '
has a feel for the character at all stages of her life
refreshes
a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution .
suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused
blazingly
owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama
, this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
, talented , charismatic and tragically
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .
a feature debut
sumptuous ocean visuals
all your mateys ,
the structure is simple , but
the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject
that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride
strange and beautiful film
artistic transcendence
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother
are beautifully
could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films
ok for a movie
surprisingly entertaining
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity
some intelligent observations
be interested in knowing any of them personally
rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent
against a tree
have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,
simply
the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
the essence of what it is to be ya-ya
the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation
comprehensible
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments
universal and involving
vibrant , colorful , semimusical
a twist -- far better
caught but the audience gets pure escapism
a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun .
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows
sane and breathtakingly
thrillingly
beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d
from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written
existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term
might want to check it out
a moving , if uneven , success .
dead-on
may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit
unhurried narrative
perfectly executed
new york metropolitan area
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .
color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at
would love this .
conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective .
an exciting plot
the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
fine job
good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve ,
with enough sardonic wit
welcome perspective
the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
the most watchable film
the vital action sequences
gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem
the brawn
going to jell
to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry
the cat 's meow
always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable
to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived
writer-director kurt wimmer
to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
a core
as well as it does because of the performances
is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many
's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
logical
sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
of freshness , imagination and insight
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there .
jeffrey tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy .
whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy
mature and
a heartening tale of small victories and
keeps the energy humming
special effect
visually striking and
is both inspiring and pure joy
make the most of the large-screen format ,
99-minute
deliver remarkable performances .
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .
the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film
will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and
, the movie looks genuinely pretty .
an intermittently good time
a crescendo
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
a gleefully
the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
at theaters
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy
experienced
loyal fans
it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
undeniably intriguing
despite some first-rate performances
an acting bond
the choices
despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer .
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and
it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting .
is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective
campanella 's competent direction and
this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .
stakes out the emotional heart of happy
into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
the year 's best
if you love him , you 'll like it .
from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
abundant
` laughing
for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2
explore the connections between place and personal identity .
if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too
co-winner
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve
technically superb film
it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
a cruelly funny twist
amused indictment
is entertaining
thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be
rather brilliant
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
to see a romance this smart
thriller with enough unexpected twists
simple pleasures
this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch .
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait
regards reign of fire with awe
such enervating determination
be pleased
he is always sympathetic .
yet compelling
, amusing
a weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media
is not only the best date movie of the year
, you 'll like it .
is fantastic .
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
if somewhat standardized ,
survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version .
masterpieces
clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years
trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
witty expose
that is worthy of our respect
captivating and
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
disparate funny moments
develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals
does n't disappoint .
a necessary and timely one
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman
appreciated a smartly written motion picture
commanding
transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
detailed personal portrait
but a great one
a jarring , new-agey tone
the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
returns with a chase to end all chases
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction
be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning
mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing
positive
with the precision of the insurance actuary
affectation
of playing with narrative form
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made ,
about it will stay with you
destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
an honest and loving one
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .
funny and light
crisp framing
even-flowing tone
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny .
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise .
on subtle ironies and visual devices
is told as the truth
just bring on the battle bots , please !
show-stoppingly hilarious
considerable appeal
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
pays off
pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them .
to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .
the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
it 's insanely violent and very graphic
nothing short of a great one
an enjoyable level of ridiculousness
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .
good video game movie
jolt you
had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .
your mind is being blown
with wit and originality
patience
human comedy
, then you 'll enjoy the hot chick .
the hallmarks
an entertaining ride
wry comic mayhem
bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen
to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
recommend read my lips
by the sheer beauty of his images
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising
makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
intellectual and emotional
potentially incredibly twisting mystery
making kahlo 's art a living
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller ,
it is unwavering and arresting
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and
emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
a completely honest , open-hearted film
remarkable
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one
manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .
because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
the hood
which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up
at its best , which occurs often , michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` are we a sick society ? '
the universal themes , earnest performances
hearts
respectable summer blockbuster
the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years
its hero
big , tender hug
just about the best straight-up ,
brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film
as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air
memorable first interrogation
wry and engrossing
hugely accomplished
the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose
that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
if you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .
poignant and uplifting story
ditched the artsy pretensions
manages to invest real humor
clever angle
some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .
new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
love head-on
of the expressive power of the camera
keep upping the ante on each other ,
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .
, offering fine acting moments and pungent
to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
it 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations
outrageous , ingenious
quite a comedy
look as though they are having so much fun
peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes
lynch , jeunet , and von trier
can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut
the film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .
there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .
is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year
sympathetic characters
captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
is plenty of fun for all
exquisite craftsmanship
she strikes a potent chemistry with molina
for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has ,
without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
of middle eastern world politics
if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .
( jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions ,
a true talent
only mildly funny
downright hitchcockian
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely
the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
family movie
of disney 's great past
the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs
the irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .
powerful and telling story
comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
the rolling of a stray barrel
odd enjoyably chewy lump
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
cinematic art
gritty , sometimes funny
dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera ,
delicious and delicately funny look
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that
stirring music
about guys and dolls
service of of others
considerable power
is insightful about kissinger 's background and history
is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple
stylish
glow
a classical dramatic animated feature
best espionage picture
a prolific director
squeeze the action and our emotions
and narrative flow
this seductive tease
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
a serious debt to the road warrior
a genuinely bone-chilling tale
one the public
but it 's worth the concentration .
, they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .
a worthy idea
of the little mermaid and aladdin
the line between sappy and sanguine
believable that you feel what they feel
realize your mind is being blown
such an achievement
engaging diatribes
its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
nostalgic comments
is definitely a director to watch
some laughs
see this terrific film
an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
for leonard
a classic text
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from
waldo salt screenwriting award
no. 1
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame
you want to see it
hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff
one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while
with table manners
illuminating
with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
remarkably insightful
actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue
continues to do interesting work
give them credit for : the message of the movie
parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
great monster movie
famed
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing
will likely enjoy this monster
gives out
that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next
a genuine and singular artist
joyful solo performance
a customarily jovial air
a joyous communal festival of rhythm
of common sense
how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
the campaign-trail press
the opera 's drama and lyricism
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get
a sense of real magic , perhaps
was longer than an hour
suitably kooky which should appeal to women
a hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol .
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) will have fun with .
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view
as a vehicle to savor binoche 's skill
this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
of thoughtful war films and those
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor
empathy
of male hustlers
intelligent and moving
cinematic perfection
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and
catch this imax offering
a moving story of determination and the human spirit .
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics ,
spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do
also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness
the comic elements of the premise
weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
makes for a touching love story
makes its message resonate
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation
the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
a classic
the plot weaves us into a complex web .
humor
enough to sustain laughs
come when various characters express their quirky inner selves
a strong script
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite
thoroughly engrossing and
a vibrant whirlwind
of the very best movies
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
affable
a thirteen-year-old 's book report
the charming result is festival in cannes .
on the edge of your seat
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .
the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm
from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
, it 's not too bad .
cute alien
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .
splendor
, you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .
this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished
goldie hawn
wonder , hope and magic
the journey feel like a party
in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood
snappy
this is a heartfelt story ...
favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness
mysterious , sensual ,
of elaborate and twisted characters
a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point
such a talented director as chen kaige
the most oddly honest hollywood document
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is
a smart little indie .
is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
weaves us into a complex web .
enjoyed it
on other levels
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor
master craftsmen
a remarkable film by bernard rose
high romance , brought off with considerable wit
( fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall )
morvern rocks .
love stories you will ever see
's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship
the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine
a tribute to the power of women to heal
present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining ,
an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut
suspense , surprise and
coming through in the end
make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching
developed characters
is visually dazzling
to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies
steadfast
rare drama
that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished .
once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
possibly the sturdiest example yet
feel like a 10-course banquet .
observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
interesting and at times captivating
delightfully rendered
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory
be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems .
carries us effortlessly from darkness to light
in the annals of cinema
be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality
peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper
in a new way
have a sense of humor
see the attraction for the sole reason
an mtv , sugar hysteria
live a rich and full life
a sloppy , amusing comedy
an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring ,
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor
reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism
cool
have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations
adventurous young talent
's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and
better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style
greatest
great fun
life-affirming moments
an intimacy
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold .
interestingly
harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
crowd-pleaser
from grace that still leaves shockwaves
stylishly directed with verve
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny
a good-natured ensemble comedy
damned compelling
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter
of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images
some very good acting ,
skillfully
a riveting profile
you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's
in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling
in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .
a compelling french psychological drama
captivating coming-of-age story
its funny moments
, it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
got a place in your heart
delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .
wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies
... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy .
is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron
builds its multi-character story with a flourish
diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly
solidly entertaining
consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment
humanizing
a torn book jacket
triple x
to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel
has plenty of laughs
, you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .
is as delightful as it is derivative .
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts
with raw urban humor
incredible
match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
worthy successor
genteel and
is an interesting movie
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself .
a casual intelligence
well-conceived
overall feelings , broader ideas ,
the movie 's messages are quite admirable ,
a gentle film
a new treasure
emphasizes the well-wrought story
epiphanies
sweet and sexy film
infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane .
admire the film 's stately nature and
in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
the right frame of mind
deliver remarkable performances
he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
unabashedly hopeful
of the best and most exciting movies
simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
her agreeably startling use
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist
is an inspirational love story
why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life
rip-roaring
funny , sexy ,
as warm as it is wise
wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
of oscar wilde 's classic satire
the modern masculine journey
thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor
a compassionate
what he does best
bertrand tavernier 's
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .
mothers
makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life ,
of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
engrossing portrait
amazingly
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .
insightful and entertaining
subtle ironies
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers
takes you somewhere
he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them
has about 25 minutes of decent material .
the best korean film
in one forum or another
held my attention
transcendent
an epic
, it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
lushness
has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid
with square conviction
for all its brilliant touches
car to drive through
a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
better film
tight
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .
the real issues
developed with more care
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .
similarly themed
centers
a weird and wonderful comedy .
rare depth
'' wanted and quite honestly
lusty , boisterous and utterly charming
a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year
checkout
than romantic
funny situations and
may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .
an achingly enthralling premise
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand
for an older one
that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk
enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull
its visual merits
elegant , mannered and teasing .
crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
emotionally honest
as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
, is a note of defiance over social dictates .
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community
dazzling panoramic shots
a poem to the enduring strengths of women
the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .
an idea of expectation
dutiful precision
real film
more mature than fatal attraction ,
paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .
a great writer and
entertaining
blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings
, four-star movie
you 'll end up moved .
's never dull and always looks good .
a prolific director of music videos
emotionally complex
us
into forced fuzziness
spectacular
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
the re-release of ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .
it 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
wit and hoopla
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer .
is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .
true and heartbreaking
lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
than anything that 's been done before
provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters
wickedly funny , visually engrossing
the rich and sudden wisdom , the film
a war tribute
a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece
what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
you 'd swear you
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple ,
, you feel alive - which is what they did
bring tissues
fresh and absorbing look
often hilarious
seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .
compelling piece
distinguished and thoughtful film
jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt
thoughtful and surprisingly affecting
for blade ii
his films so memorable
time is a beautiful film to watch
gritty realism and magic realism
true believer
to fulfill its own ambitious goals
determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action
visually stunning rumination
filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
, stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk
maintained
the natural affability that has made tucker a star
totally exemplify
is somewhat satisfying
an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book
are in perfect balance
the the wisdom and humor
among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
an interesting movie
with clever dialogue and likeable characters
, it succeeds .
with notorious c.h.o. cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy .
india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh
is always welcome
, you ca n't miss it .
more often than not hits the bullseye
from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
it 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .
are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya
sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling
great cinema
directorial touch
the parents
jaw-droppingly
and , through it all , human
, runteldat is something of a triumph .
consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .
) ensure that the film is never dull
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter
a real film
stylish cinematography
best star trek movie
a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
together familiar themes
famed charisma
a well-made evocation
personal tragedy and also the human comedy
genial
love this
a clever adaptation
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression .
been given the drive of a narrative
just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ...
it 's moving
relative
a heart , mind or humor
works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters
not to mention a convincing brogue
are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least )
the aaa of action
big heart
drama , conflict , tears and surprise
surprises you
the `` a '' range
carries a charge of genuine excitement
denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
answered
until the final act
neat trick
benefits
have to see this
need a playful respite
of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
is one helluva singer .
, meditative
frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home
such a perfect medium
chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
a realistically terrifying movie
fans clamoring for another ride
well-thought stunts or a car chase
the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan
a knowing sense of humor
amusing characters
about schmidt belongs to nicholson .
deeper and more engaging .
the rich promise
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie ,
all in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .
a quietly introspective portrait
in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny
duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
directed and convincingly acted .
no substitute for on-screen chemistry
the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull
finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality
be all too familiar
one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
a success
embraces life
compelling dramatic
fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences
a big , tender hug
supremely
grandness
smart
as a story of dramatic enlightenment
family warmth
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do
sometimes is a gem .
good
be considered career-best performances
a good thriller .
, when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
powerful , naturally dramatic
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms
create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
to be pleasant in spite of its predictability
in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity
humor throughout
charisma and ability
marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
mentally `` superior '' friends
an enjoyable level
may just scare the pants off you .
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe ,
that memorable ,
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
redemption
as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies
manages a neat trick
have fun
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .
how inseparable the two are
another `` best man ''
is simply brilliant
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .
given a part worthy of her considerable talents
a physique to match
of a growing strain of daring films
like peace
savvy street activism
supremely hopeful cautionary tale
it should be done cinematically
whose sharp intellect
a consistent tone
it is a whole lot of fun
will enjoy .
the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen
remarkably cohesive whole
mostly , ( goldbacher ) just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend
make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate
memorable character creations
splendor
mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .
a finely written ,
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
a breezy blend
a charming and evoking little ditty
debuts by an esteemed writer-actor
thoughtfully written
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .
muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are
an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come
bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
to see over and over again
feel alive - which is what they did
on a board
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back
those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .
a highly watchable , giggly little story
said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
was kind of terrific
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but
damn funny
alone is worth the price of admission .
will nevertheless find moving .
to scoring high for originality of plot
solid acting and
their quirky and fearless ability
drooling over michael idemoto as michael
often imaginative
great scares
photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life
a few nice twists
well-intentioned ,
recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
and no one )
angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
you wanting more
smart and fun
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
reveals itself slowly , intelligently
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse
are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis
correctly
's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism
be significantly different ( and better ) than most films
of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast
the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk
lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo .
deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
give the transcendent performance
they succeed
love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films
a charmer from belgium .
a poetic
make it unexpectedly rewarding
two fine actors , morgan freeman
made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
at least one damn fine
a lighthearted comedy
pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness
any number of metaphorical readings
i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema .
delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
with an action movie that actually has a brain
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .
by flashes of mordant humor
congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
juicy
he creates
an enjoyable film in its own right
going at a rapid pace
a comic fan
is just too original to be ignored .
i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
exceeds expectations
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as
astonishingly pivotal
first-class , natural acting
be moved by this drama
should be interesting
a guiltless film for nice evening out .
like it was worth your seven bucks ,
a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn
each one of these people stand out and
fine music
one of the greatest date movies in years
triple x is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude .
eerily suspenseful
is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought
, but it 's great cinematic polemic
be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme
the incredible imax sound system
moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
some of the best special effects
really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film
a naturally funny film
millions of eager fans
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances
sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film
promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits
make a splash even greater
his own preoccupations and obsessions
heroic
, unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and
give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity
it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .
deep or
, the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .
santa gives gifts to grownups
of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
spiritual journey
a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
, only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
enjoyably fast-moving
that trademark grin of his
the group 's playful spark
claude chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
makes a great impression
is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal
's nice to see piscopo again after all these years
elegance
it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive
raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids
entertain or inspire its viewers
once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends
has all the wiggling energy of young kitten
is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year
sticks with its subjects a little longer
nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
for happiness
wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses
accept the characters and the film , flaws and all
an intelligent romantic thriller
looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable ,
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on .
a penetrating , potent exploration
is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
offering fine acting moments
ups
have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies
`` interesting ''
maintaining a light touch
without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
somewhat satisfying
cutes
powerhouse
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales
an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos
, this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
soar .
at his most critically insightful
who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
harks
take movies by storm
compassion , good-natured humor
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous ,
humorously
what does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?
emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
uncomfortably timely , relevant
is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .
with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do
very amusing
miss you .
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say
is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
unwavering and arresting
dylan kidd
as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
connect with on any deeper level
entertaining film
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation --
takes a classic story
reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth
a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film
flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
's hard to stop watching
is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground
are fascinating
, notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should .
( depending upon where you live )
itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks
in the pants
the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme
santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation
nicely shot
complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way
the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` memento ''
pipe dream does have its charms .
what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
shyamalan 's gifts
inquisitive
from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story
cerebral and cinemantic flair
is every bit as fascinating
childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice
see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
return to never land is reliable
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .
, those farts got to my inner nine-year-old
better vehicle
works well enough
a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over
go to a picture-perfect beach
's unique and quirky about canadians
a charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface
treat for its depiction
beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork
a polished and vastly entertaining caper
with considerable wit
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
comprehend it
the best movies
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal
is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
been preferable
frank capra 's classic
important
this gentle comedy
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious ,
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way --
with an avid interest in the subject
candid , archly funny and deeply authentic
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .
on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people
that 's been given the drive of a narrative and
concrete story
truly
of the best silly horror movies
it 's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
to check this one out
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar
nice album
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s
elegantly
amuse or entertain them
a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
dave barry 's popular book
, ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
talented
real heart
make this worth a peek
gentle comedy
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .
sparking debate and encouraging thought
to the most enchanting film of the year
highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated
alive
it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's .
has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) -
a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good
this movie loves women at all
shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
the grind to refresh our souls
call it a work of art
's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .
enlightenment
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust
emerged as hilarious lunacy
most thoughtful films
goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
it 's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .
its heart ,
a fresh view of an old type
the most fragmented charms
inspire a trip to the video store --
philosophical
secretary is just too original to be ignored .
become a major-league leading lady , ( but )
the storytelling and
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable
mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon
one level
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .
fondness and respect
of a phonograph record
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and
undisputed
supremely good
of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense --
home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular
consistently sensitive
delivering in good measure
though they are having so much fun
never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions
finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
you will probably like it .
an intriguing species of artifice
it 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
the affable maid
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .
creates an impeccable sense of place ,
fiercely clever and subtle film
that memorable , but as downtown
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
triumph
, soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
examines many different ideas from happiness
as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded
robustness
an hour 's worth of actual material
anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take
all three women deliver remarkable performances .
set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock
manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust
who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment
the stuff of lurid melodrama
a genuine love story
mind and spirit
evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean
its promising cast of characters
with enough energy and excitement
but utterly delightful .
is handled with intelligence and care
's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
sweeping battle scenes
becoming a christmas perennial
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .
thoughtful and rewarding glimpse
all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope
poetry and passion
touched
fact , even better
who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
it 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
turned this
street-smart
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life
it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
corcuera 's attention to detail
hilary
joy and energy
with a sense of wonder
, and intelligent
'' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop
are entertaining and audacious moments
need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events
, caring
the comic effects
gives a performance that is masterly
their parents , wise folks that they are , read books
necessary and timely one
a gentle , unforced intimacy
the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original
a very tasteful rock and roll movie
's an excellent 90-minute film
helluva singer
colorful and
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran
thoughtful and unflinching
verve and fun
political and psychological thriller
the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do
amusing and unpredictable
showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season
tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
the genius
the nature of compassion
shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and
the cast is top-notch
enough funny
he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
electric
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .
a fascinating little thriller
odd enjoyably
too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet
sharp movie
unintentionally
makes a melodramatic mountain
inspired dialogue bits
with bloody beauty as vivid
exquisite acting
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but
potent chemistry
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy
riveting and handsomely
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution
, comedy and romance
express warmth and longing
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms
the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo
honest poetry
nervy and
is compelling enough ,
humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto
color and depth ,
fun-seeking summer audiences
that it ca n't help but engage an audience
's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction
this delicate coming-of-age tale
make an excellent companion piece
amusing juxtapositions
's a fun one .
jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .
on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son .
darling
pleasantly and
fans of critics ' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .
a good guy
whom the
lavish
is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
poignant comedy
its sheer dynamism is infectious .
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre .
kindness
her childlike smile
so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out
take you to outer space
own tortured psyche
the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .
to his day job
what 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
enjoy on a certain level
of her considerable talents
its initial promise
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer .
does n't take itself so deadly seriously
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement
enjoyable documentary .
bring something new into the mix
intense political and psychological thriller
it 's up to ( watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe
bracingly truthful antidote
interesting bit
's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
one of the funnier movies
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings
lush
a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss
this is a movie full of grace and ,
in a thriller , and the performances
interesting slice
once intimate and universal cinema
passionate
devastating , eloquent clarity
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy ,
its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros
wonderful life
opposed to the manifesto
that work -- is charming , is moving
bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some
a convincing one
for great cinema
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking
easy feel-good sentiments
a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill
for us
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for ''
one funny popcorn
warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
clearly a manipulative film
thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
astonishing
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing
a powerful drama
genuinely moving and
is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
truly distinctive and
playful
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and
offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
that 's why sex and lucia is so alluring .
very best
`` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .
goofball action comedy
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and
it 's crafty , energetic and smart
inventive , fun
all in all , a great party
live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
rounded and revealing overview
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun
it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .
clarke-williams 's
playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper
than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script
go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches
weird , wonderful
( gosling 's ) combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .
despite the film 's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
precious
, it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and
embraced
this beautifully animated epic is never dull .
's the prince of egypt from 1998 .
scherfig , the writer-director
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip
thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes
a vivid , sometimes surreal
handled correctly
encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be
disarmingly
a small but rewarding comedy
a great , participatory spectator sport . '
more revealing , more emotional
of joyful solo performance
respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery
to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
with originality , humor and pathos
, it is worth searching out .
with such life-embracing spirit
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and
equally beautiful , self-satisfied
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
excels in spectacle and pacing
, we hope it 's only acting .
has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises
is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .
sincere performance
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .
bittersweet film
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big
makes you feel genuinely good
's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
humanize its subject
this good
provocative film
about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .
touching drama
to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets
though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times
that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half
a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
medicine
lives up
making moving pictures today
makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing
are up to the task
the rarest kinds
rich in shadowy metaphor
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up
susan
true-blue delight .
the gags
power and grace
it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably
to blue hilarity
with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
love the music
toward keeping the picture compelling
fustily tasteful
nair 's attention to detail
puts history in perspective
has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script
satisfying entertainment
adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and
a moral tale
presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? '
i can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial .
has all the outward elements of the original
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology ,
, dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .
even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
kind , unapologetic ,
it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .
a rich visual clarity and deeply
rare for any movie
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed ,
cleansing
a gem
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film
, its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
in reverse
a comedy , both gentle and biting
is its personable , amusing cast .
an old-fashioned drama
that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script
is a triumph of imagination
, it 's black hawk down with more heart .
its script and execution
intriguing and
perfectly pitched web
makes it work more than it probably should
schindler 's
sharp
takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it
rises to its clever what-if concept
given audiences
20th
it 's worth the concentration .
sweetly conspiratorial
that trademark grin
hollywood magic
cruel but weirdly likable
moving
is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all
're gon na like this movie .
( woo 's ) most resonant film since the killer .
nominated for an oscar next year
satisfyingly
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary
a head-turner
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
the extent to which it succeeds
spot on
gives an intriguing twist
masterfully calibrated psychological thriller
thriller
fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .
tasty and sweet
is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
all the comic possibilities of its situation
his most personal work yet .
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom
astounding performance
3000
gets us
can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody
an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
the small moments
is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want .
effective portrait
an interesting topic
a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16
as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema
complex than your average film
as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth
spot-on scottish burr
true-blue
'm giving it a strong thumbs up
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted
the year 's greatest adventure ,
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces
starts slowly , but adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
strictly a-list players
a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape
it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .
manages , with terrific flair ,
something of a public service
takes you by the face ,
is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors
just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
this story is really all about
rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .
are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
the innocence
a nice change of mindless pace in collision
the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .
actually thrilled
the film works well enough to make it worth watching
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
mystical
old-fashioned-movie movie
captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty
black-and-white inspires
fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .
when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path
a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
producer john penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''
aware of his own coolness
the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie
stirring visual sequence
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking
learns that believing in something does matter
well done and perfectly
they love and make
late-summer
quality
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity
keeping themselves kicking
theater
is a likable story , told with competence
-- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
very good acting
of small-town competition
makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
with the subject of love head-on
makes oliver far more interesting
a compelling and horrifying story
awe and affection --
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results .
cute frissons
to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
simply , and surprisingly ,
more meaningful
smart , funny and
the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
valuable
deliciously
have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera
succeeds in making us believe
puts an exclamation point on the fact
it takes your breath away
, the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing .
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ...
television screen
without sham the raw-nerved story
as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth
pretty valuable
real-life persona
impart a message
baroque beauty
to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences
represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director
is a pleasant enough dish .
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but
satisfying niblet
there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .
then go see this delightful comedy .
appropriate
should see this movie
, cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time
to video
starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel
's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
... a light , yet engrossing piece .
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
you can release your pent up anger
some wickedly sick and twisted humor
a minor treat
at the peak of their powers
grace and humor
a distinct rarity , and
a moving , if uneven , success
offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache
your kids
that deserves more than a passing twinkle
bold choices
is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back .
eclipses
revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement
amusing , let alone funny
a sleeper success
short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil
what 's the russian word for wow !? '
for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better )
a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
top shelf
has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
what an idea
snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza
the ya-ya sisterhood
i 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time .
these women 's souls right open
a naturally funny film ,
rich performances
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
material this rich
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .
earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
you could change tables
all sing beautifully and act adequately .
as thought-provoking
of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,
pretty decent little documentary
hoped i would -- with moist eyes
warmest
manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
spellbinding
as simultaneously funny , offbeat
entertained
albeit a visually compelling one
a big-budget/all-star movie
that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout ,
that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
frighteningly fascinating contradiction
quality twist
anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts
the salton sea works the way a good noir should
golden
a rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .
pacino is the best he 's been in years
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
chilling advantage
made a walk to remember a niche hit
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs --
inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers
digital
utterly charming
two gifted performers
sending the audience
with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage
works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh .
touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
the film is well under way --
gripping documentary
a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .
directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made
as a serious drama about spousal abuse
most audacious , outrageous
to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )
, we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
the wanton slipperiness of * corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
being memorable
, here 's a fun one .
exhilarating place
is exceedingly pleasant ,
collateral
solidly entertaining and moving family drama
adding
laugh
deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
career
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods .
courage and happiness
get made-up and
awakens
beautifully produced
have their funny bones tickled
does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard
familiar but utterly delightful .
veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
there are some laughs in this movie ,
the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career
radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film
to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
real dawns , comic relief
feels like very light errol morris
created a provocative
of cinematic perfection
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time
bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
's back in form ,
a good ear for dialogue
tasty and
dramas like this make it human .
's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
provides a strong itch to explore more .
is worth the price of admission
smart and taut
a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding
smarter and more diabolical
one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave '
in getting under the skin of her characters
, provocative drama
a chocolate
entirely suspenseful ,
hard , endearing , caring
the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
it 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
decent
otherwise excellent
slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing
a nice little story in the process
interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
some very good acting , dialogue
primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of
inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth
find a place among the studio 's animated classics
on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
smart new comedy
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable
is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
obviously desired
interesting cinematic devices
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun .
proves as clear and reliable an authority on that
gripping performances by lane and gere
romantics
the name of high art
mind-bending
a high water mark for this genre
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
far more witty
piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying
the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece
as darkly funny ,
that made it all work
( a ) real pleasure in its laid-back way .
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm
will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
us is a minor miracle
is a feast for the eyes
shot all the way .
her confidence in her material is merited
female friendship that men can embrace and
the intrigue from the tv series
tight and truthful ,
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .
of the big summer movies
a welcome lack
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic .
does
action-packed an experience as a ringside seat
views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point
endlessly challenging
most touching movie
every articulate player
a fantastic dual performance
, this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
sweet ,
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .
, it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
be growing
sleekness
if you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , eisenstein delivers .
nalin
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 ,
that resonate with profundity
viewing in university computer science departments for years to come
a fine
steal your heart away
savvy producer
from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
flashy
indulgent
cultural elite
begin with
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually
intriguing
japanese director shohei imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie
moments of genuine insight into the urban heart
felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
classified as one of those ` alternate reality '
bravo 's
pale , dark beauty
fires the winning shot
an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making ,
than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
're out there ! ''
star performance
it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
gong li and a vivid personality
yes .
wonderfully vulgar
is compelling enough
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .
alexander payne 's ode to the everyman
as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
sports aficionados
moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .
dreams ,
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat
truly magical movie
created a substantive movie out
, almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
handsome and
but it is entertaining on an inferior level .
being wasabi 's big selling point
a playful spirit
to make us share their enthusiasm
's like dying and going to celluloid heaven
good yarn-spinner
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker
that you root for throughout
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema
captures the wonders and worries of childhood
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .
is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists
refreshingly smart and newfangled
is bright and flashy
the acting is fine but
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool
woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch
are immaculate
i like all four of the lead actors a lot
of a golden book sprung to life
the marvelous first 101 minutes
genuine and
utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing --
a remarkable movie
do a homage
... quite endearing .
than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role
with passable performances from everyone in the cast
keep you watching , as will the fight scenes
really rather special
works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching
, unfussily poetic
about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man
by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all
affirming and
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .
sparking
please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel
conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy
dazzling dream
any awards
, beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action
frida with a visual style unique and inherent
own solemn insights
like the best of godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
smart and dark
generous and subversive
the film 's considered approach
the unsung heroes of 20th century
, and for the memorable character creations
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving
children 's entertainment , superhero comics
this slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon
if it belongs on the big screen
comfort food
makes this a high water mark for this genre .
far more appealing
it does in trouble every day
indie comedy
a solid , anguished performance
suspenseful enough
what i liked about it
every once in a while a film
the abiding impression
, then triple x marks the spot .
after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling .
, seamless and sumptuous stream
has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema .
only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter
it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .
, rohmer 's talky films fascinate me
the uncompromising knowledge
of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band
smartly written
want nothing else than to show us a good time
nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair
gives added clout to this doc
vowing , `
wilco fans will have a great time
has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals
gets vivid performances from her cast and
right-thinking ' films
real bump-in - the-night chills
immaculately
is spooky and subtly in love with myth
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
with witty dialogue and inventive moments
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise
an oddly winning portrayal
satisfying summer
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .
of its heightened , well-shaped dramas
like a good guy
tender and heart-wrenching
this gorgeous epic
elite
in that are generally not heard on television
is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
is a goofy pleasure
strong narrative
is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
becomes a testament to faith .
hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
it does have one saving grace .
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo .
satisfyingly scarifying
, enveloping affection
remarkably cohesive
comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt
is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries
appreciation
fast-moving
wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
by and large this is mr. kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since the doors
impressive stagings
immensely appealing couple
manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them
delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story
as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year
interesting and
iosseliani
going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous
an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground
adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
her cheery and tranquil suburban life
the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure
's like an all-star salute
muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
paints a grand picture of an era
an intelligent , realistic portrayal
ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters
's all quite tasteful to look at
with some powerful people
funniest film
a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
french shocker
filmmakers and performers of this calibre
the jokes ,
pretty decent
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms
refresh our souls
unimpeachable clarity
, it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
a visionary marvel ,
the compelling historical tale
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior )
delicate , clever direction
rock-solid little genre picture
a sturdiness and solidity
plateau
is attractive .
sharp and quick documentary
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills
is silly but strangely believable .
fast-paced and
not without cheesy fun factor .
enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd
rewarding .
secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting
able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but
the nation
some remarkable achival film
the past via surrealist flourishes
pictures
punching up the mix
the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant
a good deal
a thoughtful , emotional movie experience
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .
to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good
extraordinarily talented
anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .
, the film is extremely thorough .
soderbergh 's best films , ``
the need for national health insurance
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but
he does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come
vividly and
a pleasant distraction
confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies .
it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .
entertainment
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye
are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours
you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices
was entranced
elevated by michael caine 's performance
its poignant and uplifting story
delivers on that promise .
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy
alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary
simply put , `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece .
enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
atmospheric weirdness
mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
perfect show
looking at his 12th oscar nomination
spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
have fun with it
great charm , generosity and diplomacy
much funnier than anything
the movie 's most admirable quality
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
a film worth watching
by it -- the kind of movie
excellent
was lazy but enjoyable
with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing
another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective
play out realistically if not always fairly
a masterpiece -- and a challenging one
surehanded
is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
small delights
the best possible ways
hopes and dreams
made watchable by a bravura performance
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .
is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
a backstage must-see for true fans
enjoyable undercover brother
tremendous , offbeat sense
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing
to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d
a remarkable amount
inventive ,
allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc
great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
a vivid imagination and
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
even better than the first one
visually engrossing , seldom hammy ,
love it , too
a rather unique approach
it 's tremendously moving
best films
suspect it might deliver again and again
have you talking 'til the end of the year
a sense of action
they fascinate in their recklessness .
it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers
her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
uneven but a lot of fun
an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience
a pleasant piece
an excellent cast
episode
feel absolutely earned
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast ,
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
probably want to see it twice
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner --
that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
's bright
, the emotions seem authentic
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .
, ' it also rocks .
life-changing chance encounters
female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor
the visual panache
a more measured or polished production ever could
appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans
a stylish thriller .
the movie is a trove of delights .
constructs
nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos .
chris
it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all
a sly female empowerment movie ,
hits the bullseye
with formalist experimentation in cinematic art
's a very sincere work
a dualistic battle between good and evil
comes together as a coherent whole .
improvement
even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there 's something vital about the movie .
forget that they are actually movie folk
overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
twice as powerful
intriguing and stylish .
from the movie gods
( sometimes hilarious )
reassuring , retro uplifter .
fresh air now and then
to a satisfying crime drama
laugh-out-loud lines
a wonderful , ghastly film .
sell us on this twisted love story
has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
certified
straightforward and old-fashioned
` innovative ' and ` realistic '
really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees
is attractive
is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
amusements
director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema
motivated by something more than franchise possibilities
with the lovely hush
roussillon providing comic relief
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
of the clients
the highest production values
a breadth of vision
flawless amounts
lush scenery
romantic thriller
dancing
wonderfully creepy mood
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
crack a smile at
emphatic
what 's best about
, cultivation and devotion
there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
surprisingly powerful and universal .
who are alternately touching and funny
loves both dance and cinema
i enjoyed barbershop
shines like a lonely beacon .
satisfy the boom-bam crowd
pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .
serious
care too much about this love story
pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
a visionary marvel
such a mechanical endeavor (
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold
funny scenes
hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop
organic
excellent use of music
his intellectual rigor or
recognizable and true
the best actor
marvelous first
jolt you out
it takes you somewhere
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg
kline 's superbly nuanced performance
mr. chabrol 's subtlest works
not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance
a colorful , vibrant introduction
the most creative , energetic and original
's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud
, wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
, gritty , sometimes funny
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .
entertain or
and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today .
is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
a rich and intelligent film
certainly
it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .
of a good cast
parker 's creative interference
actually amusing
certainly
convincing intelligence
timeless and unique
of our best actors
special qualities
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance .
fluidity and sense
best man ''
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
the story 's promising premise
sloppy , amusing
this is a must !
who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair
sensational true-crime
advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
powder blues
your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative .
romantic crime comedy
is a movie you can trust
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe
, it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
of substance about a teacher
is as often imaginative as it is gory
parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast
the thrill
presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years
the magic
a good race
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .
committed performances
that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you
top-notch creative team
is an interesting movie !
examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country
leon
the big summer movies
creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
touching melodrama
wry observations
in amazement over the fact
an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema
gives ample opportunity
surefire casting
although estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
the whole enterprise
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .
like this film
draws us in
it 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
the best and most mature comedy
individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing
remains prominent ,
is an amicable endeavor
great film noir
of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it
an amazing slapstick
comic possibilities
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .
still leaves shockwaves
the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy
uses grant 's own twist of acidity
hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling
is appealing .
a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling ,
things interesting
a well-executed spy-thriller .
children 's entertainment , superhero comics ,
more emotional
a formula comedy redeemed by its stars
a fascinating glimpse of urban life and
can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
wit to keep parents away from the concession stand
is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera
bound to show up at theaters for it
pizazz
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
told a nice little story in the process
disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and
it a comic book with soul
a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
even better
multi-layered
, creativity , and fearlessness
oh , james !
comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
feature-length running time
emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats
a distinct rarity
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
liked
blazing
tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film
a great director at the helm
lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed
string together enough charming moments
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised .
you love the music
's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look
who 's being conned right up to the finale
unabashed sweetness
valid
psychologically
he 's got as potent a topic as ever here
coffee
would seem to be surefire casting
of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears
funny situations and honest observations
outstanding performance
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
be white-knuckled and unable to look away
for deft punctuation
of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans
a compelling pre-wwii drama
's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations
's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments
bring off this kind of whimsy
, but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .
its splendor
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .
an uplifting ,
am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy
strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence
sort of amazing
deep inside righteousness
almost saccharine domestic interludes
a wholesome fantasy for kids
best irish sense
of an adoring , wide-smiling reception
grown-up voice
though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
a true
comedy since being john malkovich
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels ,
truth
a watch
picked me up
celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music
tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise
is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city .
get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show
another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix
has its rewards
genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama
quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time
is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
a tribute
a trove
with just as much intelligence
surprising highs ,
to see three splendid actors
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart
a film that relies on personal relationships
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .
intellectually and logistically
to gluing you to the edge of your seat
you wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .
freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box
the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends
for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
smart and fun , but far more witty
family drama
the funniest motion
( and lovely
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?
shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm
the finest films of the year
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy
one of the year 's best
originality
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious
is more interesting ( and funnier )
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
is a great yarn
serenity and discipline
unpretentious
most purely enjoyable
who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor
could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron
of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen
yiddish stage
a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity
perfectly entertaining
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but
gary larson 's far side humor
'll love it and
, wide-smiling reception
loves them
a guilty pleasure to watch
uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
intellectual masterpieces
eyes
of your eyes
that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
fairly involving as far as it goes
a delightfully dour , deadpan tone
it has plenty of laughs .
her skin
most impressive player
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
a treat
is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
its one good idea
of california
is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle
workplace ambition
as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes
critics be damned .
of love , longing , and voting
love it
it 's a sit down and ponder affair
that good
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned .
underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community
light-hearted profile
undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution
cool event
winner
, wall-to-wall good time
lovely flakiness
a filmmaker of impressive talent
eloquent , deeply felt
an extreme action-packed film
understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
to convince us of that all on their own
most watchable film
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .
enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary .
compulsively watchable
a shrewd and effective film
independent-community guiding lights
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did
a smart ,
against all odds
a stable-full of solid performances
a finely written
the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
astonishingly
, `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece .
, provocative
a light , yet engrossing piece .
of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality
essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .
with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
a delightfully dour ,
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...
sustain a reasonable degree of suspense
mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos
above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .
with a cause
a backstage must-see
has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy
-- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising --
is ) a fascinating character , and
best ensemble casts
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .
suspense , surprise
characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
wild-and-woolly
smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
the pleasure of his sounds and images
formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement
, the film operates nicely off the element of surprise ,
of this year 's very best pictures
the best way
also rocks
a fresh , entertaining comedy
breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers
nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth .
is a superior horror flick
most genuinely sweet films
dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
poetry in motion
love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut
is beginning to feel
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
a crowd-pleaser , but then
also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth
like an extreme action-packed film
generally light enough
look at morality , family , and social expectation
the courage of its convictions
the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay
, it throws you for a loop .
flashy editing style
much tongue in cheek in the film
worthwhile documentary
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around )
this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer
decent material
his latest effort ,
like the best 60 minutes exposé , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining .
the dreams of youth
, it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
embrace small , sweet ` evelyn
admirable quality
a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
a slight but sweet film .
engaging offbeat touches
, it offers hope
an especially well-executed television movie
this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad ,
a great deal
a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
faithful portraiture
a well-made and satisfying thriller
, it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
is a hilarious place to visit
wow fans
've got something pretty damn close
a feel-good movie that
who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies
contemporary southern adolescence
a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes
even a must-see
is great
bring on the sequel .
catapulting the artist into her own work
refreshingly clear
's easy to like and always
, builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .
instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty
sets out to entertain and
wonderful thing
one of the best films
to keep our interest
undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references
is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .
demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
invited to the party
for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .
worked wonders
if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging
remarkably accessible and haunting
fessenden continues to do interesting work ,
i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon .
ultimately unpredictable
enjoyed
a spontaneity
moving and not infrequently breathtaking
it 's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable .
's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started
ivan is a prince of a fellow
it looks good ,
of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding
the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him
oddly humorous
heady , biting , be-bop
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .
sharp as a samurai sword
it 's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work .
transcends
in a collectively stellar performance
a definitive counter-cultural document
paints - of a culture in conflict with itself ,
to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal
able to tear their eyes away from the screen
fare with real thematic heft
new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
full of stunning images and effects
savvy director robert j. siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
bad love
but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ...
dicaprio 's best performance
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination
cinematic touchstone
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes
this film : honest
a haunting ode to humanity
is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .
the english call ` too clever by half
certainly ranks as the most original in years .
ambiguous enough to be engaging and
outstanding
humor , verve and fun
... a guiltless film for nice evening out .
the comic touch
it won -- and wins still
climactic setpiece
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control
as it is instructive
argento
, secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving
labute continues to improve .
pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon
all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
effective in all its aspects
can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . '
is an inspirational love story ,
's a good yarn-spinner
the great films about movie love
reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one
conventional thriller
an important movie
to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '
, awe-inspiring visual poetry
soulful nuances
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and
starting
riveting and surprisingly romantic ride
the right choices
unforced , rapid-fire delivery
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
the funnier movies
self-promotion ends and
has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care ,
demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
most enchanting film
agile
cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma
from each film
soulful , scathing and
wisdom and humor
well worth revisiting as many times
, he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
adds enough quirky and satirical touches
have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale
the best little `` horror '' movie
it 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space
, secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
the finest kind
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .
, it has a genuine dramatic impact
the art direction is often exquisite
fun and nimble .
's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect
caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
yes , soar .
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .
is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks
o matter how much good will the actors generate
offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment
the outstanding thrillers of recent years
is smart and entirely charming
a hilarious kenneth branagh
tender and
spirited film
's a dark , gritty story
an adorably whimsical comedy
addictive
swings and jostles
what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes
pleasing
touching and
genial romance
charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie .
even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .
it looks good , sonny ,
make a huge action sequence as any director
promising work-in-progress
does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
elegantly appointed period drama
captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .
has really found his groove these days .
impressive and highly entertaining celebration
interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side
has far more energy
on dave barry 's popular book of the same name
a heartfelt romance
to the edge of their seats
of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half
to great performances
charged music to the ears of cho 's fans .
admirable energy ,
a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
seem heroic deserves a look .
proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances
hit
terrific 10th-grade learning tool
sobering , heart-felt drama
enjoyed .
's a sheer unbridled delight in the way
what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
flourishes
mr. clooney , mr. kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
good actors , even kingsley ,
uninhibited
good-natured and
a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent
happiness
a movie is more than a movie .
a film of epic scale
with an enormous amount of affection
explosive
that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
communal spirit
's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough
one-of-a-kind
a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich :
richly detailed ,
is so convinced of its own brilliance
to bring something new into the mix
drop your jaw
of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
becomes a testament to faith
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .
with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact
is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films
it provides a fresh view of an old type
romance-novel
possible angle
were far more entertaining than i had expected
at blockbuster
contemporary
comedic
a spectacular completion one
at least a few good ideas and
creepy and dead-on performance
( there 's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one
i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old
a fullness
best sex comedy
repeating
king lear
coolness
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly
still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .
impacts
, generosity and diplomacy
fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran
once again dazzle and delight us
enchanting
will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
should drop everything and run to ichi .
is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler
unsettling prognosis
it 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
hunk
more entertaining
stirring , funny
, perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
that a good video game movie is going to show up soon
their largest-ever historical canvas
romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
feel a nagging sense of deja vu
so interesting
feel-good
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach
truly deserving of its oscar nomination
most resonant film since the killer
, scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family
, relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .
, i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
thumbs up
uplifting
bloody beauty
charming , quirky , original
the great minds
a fascinating part
something clever
most appealing movies
one of the best movies of the year
joys
( cool visual backmasking )
much about the film , including some of its casting
lovely and
sharp comedy ,
have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is
sign
is a success
has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
done the nearly impossible
represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .
but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds
chance to prove his worth
that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers ,
great movie
a little better than sorcerer 's stone
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist
is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and ,
major movie
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .
the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm
marvelously twisted shapes history
following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish
animated filmmaking since old walt
in how much they engage and even touch us
full-bodied performance
holds interest
inventive and mordantly humorous
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare 's plays .
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
a spectator
skillful fisher
is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .
unlike lots of hollywood fluff
the mark
carried by a strong sense of humanism
a retail clerk
capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
writings to perform
starts out strongly
has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
weaving a theme
more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
pitch-perfect forster
joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to
status
for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love
, memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and
need another film that praises female self-sacrifice
top-notch
all the interesting developments
austin powers in goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
assured of the wrong things
resemble their celebrity parents
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects ,
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure ,
foster and whitaker are especially fine .
that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence
bask in your own cleverness
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
a movie of riveting power and sadness
clever and
that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless
a more down-home flavor
versatile stanley kwan
are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
fine star performances
an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime
( grant ) goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
despite downplaying her good looks
an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
promises a new kind of high
sensational , real-life 19th-century crime
more streamlined
much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it
works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis
an enjoyable choice
( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and
injects freshness and spirit
filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power
morality , family
yet engrossing piece
things will turn out
so good
that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what
handbag-clutching
greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
cocktail
an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends
is a wonderful thing
-- and far less crass -
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down
exceeding expectations
so integrated with the story
the work of an artist
for intelligibility
with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour
's still quite worth
, joyous celebration
has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience
a sweet , even delectable diversion
you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,
pays earnest homage to turntablists and
potentially incredibly
ultimately worthwhile
bolster director and co-writer
with grace and humor
directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...
intrepid
has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made
a saga
is funny .
appropriate comic buttons
a lovely , sad dance
whenever you think you 've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop .
enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens
a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor
as disney 's 1937 breakthrough
pleasure or
, well-made b movie
ambitiously naturalistic
lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .
already relayed by superb
generous and deep
's a sit down and ponder affair
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .
a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking
our most flamboyant female comics
passionate and truthful
added clout to this doc
far more meaningful story
not only to his craft , but to his legend
keep the film entertaining
this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want .
's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn
seriously intended movie
charm and heart
for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting
inspirational
miraculous as its dreamworks makers
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
` best part ' of the movie
judith and zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
full of grace
a dearth
is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit
yeah , baby
, amusing , sad and reflective
enjoyable ...
comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
laughably
able to look ahead and resist living in a past
which is nothing to sneeze at these days
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment
natural and lovely
dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film
one of the funnier movies in town .
brave and sweetly rendered love story .
olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller
's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
is amused by its special effects
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .
i shamelessly enjoyed it
the wit
even life on an aircraft carrier --
having a real writer plot
what makes this film special is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
truly funny bits
we 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher .
straightforward , emotionally honest manner
truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
at its best , which occurs often
literate material
has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
in eye-popping visuals
all-time great apocalypse movies
more than adequately fills the eyes and
salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life
than i 'd expected it to be
well worth revisiting
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
remarkable procession
our emotions
it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .
take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill
a compelling film .
makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty
's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life
as one of the great submarine stories
lagaan
provide its thrills and extreme emotions
appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race
a movie full of surprises
bolstered by exceptional performances and
turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
entertaining tricks
more than competent
the miniseries
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and
have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema
the power of the huston performance
done his subject justice
are undeniably touched
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace ,
transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
one funny popcorn flick .
although ... visually striking and slickly staged
, masterful
wonderfully warm human drama
bigger and more ambitious than the first installment
great minds
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .
scotland looks wonderful ,
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but
powerful look
such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema
catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance
it was n't horrible either
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna
you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky
the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose
, it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .
in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug
, retro uplifter .
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely new york celebrities
a one liner as well as anybody
the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork
totally
is far more appealing
the sheer beauty of his images
of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe
fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .
reminiscent
feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago
capture these musicians in full regalia
is completely at sea
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards ,
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it
make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season
dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut
delightful , if minor ,
to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
, that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .
is an interesting movie ! ''
offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse
pertinent and enduring
's stylishly directed with verve ...
deeply meditative picture
this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
compassionate spirit
great dragons !
a memorable experience
serves up with style and empathy
keep our interest
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
effectiveness
an intriguing twist
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless
a genuinely funny ensemble
got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
fabulously funny
might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
seems worth the effort .
terrific date movie
fourth feature
reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
does strong , measured work
slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze
sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .
crowd-pleasing goals
does its best
solid '
like a room stacked with pungent flowers
amuses
tasteful
to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie
the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
cute drama
, taut , piercing and feisty
far more successful
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
being able to creep the living hell out of you
it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati
uplifting and moving
manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .
marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today .
to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
the film has some of the best special effects ever
it 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .
creatively
the actors are simply too good
signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema
( reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so
make a big splash
an equally assured narrative coinage
recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back .
underestimated
is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story ,
to be moved by this drama
manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish
it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
benefited from a sharper , cleaner script
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least )
just as endearing and easy
i feel better already .
of the rarest kinds of films
this masterful
like-themed film
the mood is laid back
a successful adaptation
ambiguous
is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
you barely realize your mind is being blown .
true
adrenalized
a servicable world war ii drama
a clever pseudo-bio
first-rate
since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
more than a
keep things interesting
the stomach-knotting suspense
first film something of a sleeper success
the best movie
returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin ... have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age .
beat-the-clock thriller
an intelligent and deeply
pleasant distraction
to come from an american director in years
thoroughly entertaining comedy that
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl ,
dramatic enough
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment
undeniably exceedingly clever
taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings
to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady
its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
is even better than the fellowship .
deceptively simple , deeply satisfying
utterly delightful .
ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
like kubrick , soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story
carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario
it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
funniest moments
an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
glee
the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .
protagonists
with terrific flair
does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .
of its own brilliance
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them
quite touching
keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
with this one too
developed characters so much
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine
a defiantly retro chord
efficiently
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past ,
faced
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters
its bold presentation
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world
hard-edged stuff
arrive early
is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
straightforward and
with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
be as entertaining
to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
it 's an ambitious film ,
, the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .
warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed
charismatic jackie chan
skillfully assembled
relies on more than special effects
's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team
rises to a higher level
a slick ,
and sumptuous stream
with such exuberance and passion
realistic , non-exploitive approach
a witty , whimsical feature
stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
an act of spiritual faith
perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey
is good , except its timing
spiced
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .
's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair .
he gives the story some soul
an enthralling aesthetic experience ,
brussels
fine acting moments
besson has written in years
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie
, the humor has point
charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate
the smarter offerings the horror genre
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson
growing up that we do n't see often enough these days
that this is one summer film that satisfies
forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today
creepy-scary thriller
dangerously honest
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it
an intense political and psychological thriller
a fine production with splendid singing
gusto
're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned
nothing wrong with performances here ,
an uplifting
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and ,
has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
hardest
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy
quite a vision
a minor miracle
an admirable ,
more re-creations of all those famous moments
98
some of the camera work is interesting
what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
the best sports movie i 've ever seen
coming close to bowling you over
skillful filmmaker
of love , family and all that
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ...
it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
lightly entertaining
is nonjudgmental , and
as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue ,
only to record the events for posterity , but
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming
race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout
triumphant
imaginative flight
less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and
persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts
see over and over again
it 's worth yet another visit
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece
human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise --
recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face
it 's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
bone-chilling
constantly touching , surprisingly funny
are in perfect balance .
feels universal
, is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh
of vampire fun
charm or
a bilingual charmer
you love it
must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
gracious
iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
's worth the concentration .
does such high-profile talent serve such literate material
bracingly truthful
an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart
that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in
84 minutes is short
of privileged moments and memorable performances
, it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
, spicy footnote
deft and subtle
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece
dirty faces
witherspoon 's talents
, is funny and looks professional .
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces
that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations
feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .
he does this so well
out ballsy and stylish
champion
's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
entertaining movie
boffo last hour
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
a film that is both gripping and compelling
make the stones weep --
aspired
oscar nomination
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )
frothy ` date movie
are both excellent ,
alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .
funnier gags
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality
that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
about as enjoyable
their most virtuous limits
jeffrey tambor 's
keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste
the coen brothers and
treat
reasonably entertaining
that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
smoothly sinister freddie
crisp framing ,
all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness
the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it
an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
barrie good time
paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
true inspiration
has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .
a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death
into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie
of love and humility
of becoming a better person through love
slightly wised-up kids
unafraid to throw elbows when necessary
immensely enjoyable
does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness
kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theater for some time .
tense with suspense
spirit 's visual imagination
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely
the comic opportunities richly rewarded
flawless film , ( wang ) emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
funny
rather unique
the quirky drama
far more entertaining than i had expected
is as thought-provoking
's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
, green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
that has made tucker a star
's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
what sets ms. birot 's film apart from others in the genre
about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows
the movie 's seams may show ... but
benefits from serendipity but
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film ,
the characters move with grace and panache
handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter
in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did
intelligent , and humanly funny film .
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events ,
... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes
us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .
find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her
a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
the charismatic jackie chan
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .
retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching
, moving
with daring and verve
never lacks in eye-popping visuals
, paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
into an a-list director
a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior
is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia
its passages of sensitive observation
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment .
deceptively amusing
beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
the very best
sci-fi thriller
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
the delicious trimmings ...
engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . '
advancing this vision
is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
, mesmerizing
a pretty good overall picture of the situation
could ever have hoped to be
will likely prefer to keep on watching
both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .
has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
still have to see this !
remind one of a really solid woody allen film ,
almost in a class with that of wilde
a good time
'll love this movie
as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort
swept away '
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
of all hollywood fantasies
the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .
will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
fierce grandeur
fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own
is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker
the year selection
, home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
with wisdom and emotion
in gross-out humor
sleek
help but engage
laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .
huge box-office
, brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
with style and empathy
make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up
colorful bio-pic
a strangely sinister happy ending
going for that pg-13 rating
a skillful filmmaker
her presence succeeds in making us believe
dared
devote time to see it
smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage
of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results
allegedly inspiring and easily marketable
a rare treat
good and
your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts
to which anyone can relate
meyjes ' provocative film
prettiest
a light , yet engrossing piece
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv 's big brother .
`` a '' range
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy .
in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship
's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
slickly
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last
would gobble in dolby digital stereo
it ranks with the best of herzog 's works
its visual imagination is breathtaking
each other against all odds
that makes it worth checking out at theaters
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ?
equally great
contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity
lovefest
decent ones
two surefire , beloved genres
sweet without the decay factor
are amiable and committed
roiling black-and-white inspires
to match the power of their surroundings
is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve
entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
an irresistible , languid romanticism
lively dream
a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string
shyamalan 's gifts ,
have marked an emerging indian american cinema
watch these two together again in a new york minute
( cuarón has ) created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star ,
is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
good theatre
astonishing
truth and realism
as beautiful
's touching and tender and
this very compelling tale
great help
goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work
shiver-inducing
a very entertaining , thought-provoking film
is brilliant , really
delicate , clever
is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
dazzling entertainment
fairly irresistible package
that made the first film so special
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .
her pale , dark beauty and
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special
lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
get
more entertaining , too
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .
high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson
crafty and intelligent
the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity
it 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry
cultural identity
( and beautifully edited
, sylvie testud is icily brilliant .
john carpenter 's original
the always hilarious meara and levy
smell the grease on the plot
there 's a lot to recommend read my lips .
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome
pure
earthly
's a love story as sanguine as its title
is mesmerizing
direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
, it 's mission accomplished
honest emotions
the cat 's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ...
quirky and fearless ability
a remarkable piece
's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form
renowned
earn our love
its charms and
watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media
with stunning animation
with a visual style unique and inherent
the sleekness
way cheaper ( and better )
mr. polanski is in his element here :
is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice
entertaining and
belly laugh
a laugh riot
glued to the screen
canny and spiced
what saves it ... and makes it
a lightweight story about matchmaking
laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half
is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script
durable
compatible
a serious drama
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .
the material
is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality
to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins
help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation
the filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch
our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
crudup 's screen presence
comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
treasured
but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script
of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics
rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d .
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time
the most sincere and artful movie
unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains
's a minor treat
the action and
skilled actors
growth
, like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity
that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
even though it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
as hilarious lunacy
the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
spreading
are mesmerizing
might add -- slice of comedic bliss
dreamy and evocative
move over bond
definitive account
an interesting exercise
writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
's the sweet cinderella story
the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times
as darkly funny
's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen
as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
delirious fun .
to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
monster/science fiction flicks
fascinating little tale
it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
so many explosions
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian .
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending .
seems timely and important .
settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move ,
a lot of the smaller scenes
with a great premise
an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice
wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt
astonishing grandeur
fully endear itself to american art house audiences
be this good
the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
two towers outdoes its spectacle .
mark ms. bullock 's best work
of slapstick sequences
imaginable
is a hilarious adventure
's mission accomplished
well-made entertainment
is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort
that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
oozes craft .
does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds
succeeds .
that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone
well-done supernatural thriller
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .
sweet time building
of the best gay love stories
the real thing
female friendship that men can embrace
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .
makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should ,
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
faster , livelier and
, funny , and even touching
is well
its own style
of nijinsky
interesting controversy
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .
sweet and fluffy
) are such a companionable couple
how good
charisma and
blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge '
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering .
of the victorious revolutionaries
a positive ( if tragic ) note
intelligence and originality
also somewhat touched
cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche
overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration
assured and stylish
as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking
even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
a breathtaking adventure
wind-in-the-hair exhilarating
of true inspiration
a good movie ye who enter here
are so hilarious
great to look at , and funny
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .
extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability
to its clever what-if concept
so crazy !
relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form
a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind
balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident
remarkable and
warmth and gentle humor
life affirming
wilco fans will have a great time , and
19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick
ask for a raise
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say ,
moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth
intriguing look
is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness
very handsomely produced
films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature
is gratefully received
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism
pays off and
that the talented cast generally
you see this film you 'll know too
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .
the efforts of a first-rate cast
pleasant tale
frothy ` date movie ' ...
laugh-a-minute
nice piece of work .
trying to be more complex than your average film
recording
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score
's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective
fresh , sometimes funny ,
visually , ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
, imaginative kid 's movie
have an interest in the characters you see
sheerly cinematic appeal
is hard to resist
parents love to have their kids
perfect festival film
the filmmakers know how to please the eye
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
is fluid and quick
with a searing lead performance
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
, holds the screen like a true star .
in a class with spike lee 's masterful
is actually quite entertaining .
's definitely an improvement on the first blade
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .
is really funny
richer and more observant
cleverness , wit or
the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
insightful and
eloquent film
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays
the redeeming feature of chan 's films
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness
benefit
the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit
unique
in the best irish sense
amours
it 's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions .
intense and effective
nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion
dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie
ghetto fabulousness
has a nearly terminal case of the cutes
christian parents
for all its shoot-outs
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love
wears its heart
it points out how inseparable the two are
being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses
the writing is clever and
i simply ca n't recommend it enough .
the show 's concept
on the promise of excitement
is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .
an integrity
eye-popping
in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel 's closely watched trains and danis tanovic 's no man 's land .
of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
the very top rank
picture-perfect beach
farcically bawdy fantasy
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
dramatic interest
ballsy and
a unique , well-crafted psychological study
is fascinating ...
spain 's greatest star wattage
wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time
's surprisingly harmless .
scope and
zoom !
compelling mix
's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .
it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
hong kong master john woo
rare sequel
well paced and satisfying little drama
easy to watch
more likely
precise
the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems
, he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
spontaneous
highlight reel
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise ,
brilliant piece
the final product is a ghost
excellent performances
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven
getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good
've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world
it 's compelling
, heart-felt drama
purr
at leading lives of sexy intrigue
an epic four-hour indian musical
become comparatively sane and healthy
of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure
barney 's
is funny ,
is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels
crack a smile
would seem to be surefire casting .
perform
smart , savvy , compelling
builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption
a career-defining revelation
cohesive
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer
better than inconsequential
, the stories are quietly moving .
a teenybopper ed wood film ,
cultural and economic subtext
... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
is strong as always
truly larger-than-life character
is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was
it 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
its elegantly colorful look
classic movie franchise
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .
if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for
chelsea hotel
duvall 's throbbing sincerity
making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden
are more compelling than the execution
goes further
to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate
works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
, ingenious
believing in something does matter
so stunning
by an esteemed writer-actor
one of the finest films of the year
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ;
von sydow ...
artistry
earnest and heartfelt
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances ,
inspiring hope
bring new energy
to liven things up
pairing clayburgh and tambor
one of the great submarine stories
is delightful in the central role
develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale
what once was conviction
takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ,
, then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
contemplative , and sublimely beautiful
those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
appreciates
a joyous occasion
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes ,
great artistic significance
these people mattered
an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
truly edgy --
directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
strip
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie ,
are funny .
appropriately cynical social commentary aside
's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure ,
heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis
reflected in almost every scene
skill and determination
the pre-teen crowd
humor and poignancy
enter the fist is hilarious
quick-witted than any english lit
of those rare pictures
redeeming feature
-- full of life and small delights --
such a perfect medium for children
a treasure chest
's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score
are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .
it has fun with the quirks of family life , but
very amusing
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .
as comfort food often can
vibrantly
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .
often touching
the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen
munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .
have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film
honesty , insight and humor
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman
by extension , accomplishments
gorgeous beaches
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights
( jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions
makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should
comes alive
13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
stands as one of the great films about movie love .
deliver a fair bit of vampire fun
the actors involved in the enterprise
always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction
a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery
delighted
thanks to huston 's revelatory performance
my little eye is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years .
energy
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
an unabashedly romantic picture
play fine
a homage
i like it .
nervy and memorable
photographed and beautifully recorded
ace
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .
so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
original talent
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .
has a handful of smart jokes
are woven together skilfully
barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
... with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
your own cleverness
a really cool bit
reach satisfying conclusions
a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism
refreshingly ,
something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days :
cleaner , and deeper
's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids
see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
is a brilliant movie
with such confidence
that , in itself , is extraordinary .
the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis
coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .
a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults
own brightly colored dreams
of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
, they succeed
, directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
... `` bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
indispensable
invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen
` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
as it provides a fresh view of an old type
the mediterranean sparkles
does a good job
have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians
truly in love with a girl
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s.
the origins
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time .
worthy and devastating
never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon
with unimpeachable clarity
kong action
a walk to remember ''
rush to the theater for this one
` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much !
of visual flair
superb
us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
, to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
their lofty perch
quirky characters and an engaging story
what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
comic touch
gives her best
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon .
enticing prospect
swung me around
for most of the movie 's success
treats us
remarkable ensemble cast
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) ,
lucratively
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .
dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
'' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
works well enough to make it worth watching
the best , most
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films
hold dear about cinema
while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand
... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
a film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
if you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
wonderfully loopy
funny pace
, timeless and universal tale
it 's what makes their project so interesting
good thriller .
good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
provocative
love , memory , history
's thoroughly winning tone
comforting
is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force
to believe in your dreams
only self-aware neurotics engage in
of education
provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen
it 's still quite worth seeing
a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say
finds its humor
walter hill 's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros. .
the perfect star vehicle for grant
the perfect movie many have made it out to be
, sometimes funny
contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy
intelligence , wit or innovation
though its story is only surface deep
its clever concept
well-mounted history lesson
the komediant is a tale worth catching .
is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
may be based on a true and historically significant story
the plot and a powerfully evocative mood
to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats
is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .
's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth
the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
a very tasteful rock and
brought off with considerable wit
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .
non-stop funny feast
a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
's not too fast and not too slow .
pilot episode
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ...
an imaginatively mixed cast
to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing
satisfy
based on dave barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film
more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team
, the trip there is a great deal of fun .
be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
funny situations
is a career-defining revelation
of the startling intimacy
enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor
a tour de force of modern cinema .
underrated professionals
of elegant wit and artifice
while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
refreshed
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun
an art film
echoes
including a knockout of a closing line
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man
a harrowing account
admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies
belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
the buoyant energy level
think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
when various characters express their quirky inner selves
few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works
, it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .
as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die
over the head with a moral
are included
entering
-- you 'll love this movie .
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness
quirkily appealing minor movie
hitchcock 's
its most delightful moments
daring and beautifully made .
far from disappointing
are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty
to seek our tears , our sympathies
photographed and beautifully recorded .
be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all
will probably
uplifting
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach
is marvelous
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .
look ahead and resist living in a past
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before .
crafted , and well
highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
on a potentially interesting idea
runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers
real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why
its best moments
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
refreshing
go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .
creative action
delivers
humor and humanity
enthralling drama
gorgeous and
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .
a stately sense
warmth to go around , with music and laughter
the performances are remarkable .
one bright shining star
compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
heartwarming film
iconoclastic uses
the novel
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .
on an intoxicating show
grandiloquent
powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt
wonderful tale
an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson
near-masterpiece .
in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .
who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor
the book 's irreverent energy
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .
uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her
( than leon )
its intended audience -- children --
the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it
be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor
like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
very believable
terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences
they will have a showdown , but ,
a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films
giving it a strong thumbs up
the tear-jerking demands
by turns very dark and very funny
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and
engaging criminal
groundbreaking endeavor
enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
is really all about performances
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded ,
the baseball-playing monkey
vivid imagination
one terrific score
rah-rah
brutally honest
oddly whimsical
as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
seemingly
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and
worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb
was essentially ,
anything fresh
the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful
penetrating
as intelligent
the emotions seem authentic
sexy and
the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags
a solid movie
the worthy successor
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .
of the best films
wit and warmth
does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` a walk to remember '' succeeds through sincerity .
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history
juicy soap opera
a charming but slight comedy .
you see it in these harrowing surf shots
, however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes
admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint
's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill
is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film ,
structured and
's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
angel
the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
rich detail condensed
janey
a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur
the cockettes ) provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit
enormously good
offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor
, like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids
that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
understated performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career .
that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
poignant and wryly amusing film
the historical , philosophical , and
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and
his surprising discovery
children
served up with heart and humor
bring their characters to life
an awfully good , achingly human picture .
take on the upscale lifestyle
guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort
is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
takes a hat-in-hand approach
always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story
captures a life interestingly lived
has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
and it is .
most uncanny
emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking
tender sermon
we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .
to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph
i know i should n't have laughed , but
retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him
is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious
compels
rich historical subject
finds warmth
, funny
liking showgirls
under cars
susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up
the best performance from either in years
right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together
fantasies
the ranks
, the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation
yeah
been done before but never so vividly or
the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .
with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort
the highest production values you 've ever seen
exuberance
is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .
will forgive the flaws and love the film .
the story relevant in the first place
heart or conservative
see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings
that rohmer still has a sense of his audience
works superbly here
period-perfect
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though ,
a rock-solid little genre picture
an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut
deliciously
bring off
she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl
its director 's cut glory
suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction
directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did )
gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry
if it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history
excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .
with talent
keeps you
that rare family movie --
have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
oscar-sweeping
deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture
deal funnier
the first one charming
uplifter .
can be fertile sources of humor
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision .
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .
rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
... an interesting slice of history .
is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
it 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .
unusual power
shimmeringly lovely
wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
be captivated ,
in remembrance
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and
better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh
keep this fresh
it 's an entertaining movie , and
is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .
looks closely , insightfully
modestly surprising
a lot of flavor and spice
stands out
of the funniest motion
evolves
a work of extraordinary journalism ,
helped change a nation
get the same love story and parable
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see
a guilt-free trip
like the wanderers and a bronx tale
unblinking work
( a ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .
emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
part of that delicate canon
one terrific story
a movie you can trust
, besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
the home alone formula
is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings
the best
real masterpiece
good little movie
exceedingly rare
professionals
of the best rock
more than a worthwhile effort
ms. bullock 's best work
is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting
to be that rarity among sequels
of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun
a fresh , entertaining comedy that
competent , unpretentious
really solid
an undeniably moving film to experience ,
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .
itself , a playful spirit
one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt
real pleasure in its laid-back way
recommend
takes hold .
the acting , for the most part
's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational ,
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way
as well its delightful cast
is the far superior film
modernize it with encomia
has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net
if you liked the previous movies in the series
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine
the saturday morning cartoons
flourishes and
bounces
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years
new york 's finest
retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision
your interest until the end and
some of the computer animation is handsome ,
much more watchable
stylish but steady , and
as sharp as a samurai sword
gritty police thriller
counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity
is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
gradually makes us believe she is kahlo
a fine , understated piece of filmmaking
is still good fun
unexpectedly rewarding
the startling intimacy
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph .
promising premise
strongest and
a delightful entree in the tradition
uses the last act to reel in the audience
several survivors ,
's endgame
is well established
is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context
with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many
somewhat touched
most aggressive and most sincere attempt
hot topics
... despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
a high-end john hughes comedy ,
occasional smiles
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .
averting an american-russian armageddon
now as a former gong show addict
the potential success
funniest and most likeable
solid , satisfying
enigma is well-made ,
fully formed and remarkably assured
reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls
will want to see over and over again .
had their hearts in the right place
classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
of deep feeling
a treat --
a faster paced family flick .
award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens
rocky and
much dramatic impact
's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
exceptionally charming
although commentary on nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale .
enticing and often
joyous documentary
' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
) homage
north or south vietnamese
lavish formalism
most watchable
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
are having so much fun
a matinee price
who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream
revel in its splendor
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view .
's a masterpiece .
an ambitious film
an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and
epiphany
entirely charming
brightly
makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing
manages to accomplish what few sequels can --
live happily ever after
you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
flawed and brilliant
to the serbs themselves
tender movements
, wistful new film
both exuberantly romantic and serenely
continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio
schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins
old world war
court maneuvers
off the element of surprise
road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .
is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
there are great rewards here .
looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining
the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
a stately sense of composition
actually clicks .
it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm
feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
more interesting
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve
intellect and
blithe exchanges
, brisk delight
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .
provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair
takes hold and grips hard .
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults
see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
at meaningful cinema
succeeds primarily
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists
consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny
quirky , slightly strange french films
funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love
a good noir
enough energy and excitement
's the russian word for wow !? '
extravagant
a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon .
is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .
a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
directorial tour de force
nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction
revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling
and funky look
it look like a masterpiece
an )
it 's funny .
well acted by the four primary actors
like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
offers winning performances and some effecting moments
this animated adventure
of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree
a fantastic dual performance from ian holm
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait
makes it worth checking out at theaters
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .
an interesting story
call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .
survive a screening with little harm done ,
it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works .
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough
relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
seriously intended
builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ;
absolute delight
from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
wondrously creative
picture that illustrates an american tragedy
the complex , politically charged tapestry
richly
majestic
of its provocative conclusion
gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .
an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
has at least one more story to tell : his own
although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .
's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be .
its classical music
be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike
change a nation
to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to
's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and
sensational
don
were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least )
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances
draws you in
is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema
a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head
worth
bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .
comes off as a touching , transcendent love story
spiked by jolts of pop music
transcendence
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .
heartfelt and
perfect for a ballplayer
consistently sensitive and
grace that still leaves shockwaves
hollywood road
a spirit
a bright future
gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing
it is spooky and subtly in love with myth
beautiful to watch
maelstrom is strange and compelling ,
beijing
, rain is the far superior film .
the film with a creepy and dead-on performance
the cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .
will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience
feel the love
subtle and richly internalized performance
it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
it 's a compelling and horrifying story
exploit his anger
subconscious
terrific special effects and funnier gags
vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw
outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
hard to resist his enthusiasm
upsetting and thought-provoking
this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
sparkles
star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film
to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia
charming in comedies like american pie
as naturally
nostalgic
its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
audacious-impossible yet compelling ...
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net
a miraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight ,
so meditative and lyrical
soulful ,
's at once laughable and compulsively watchable
nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
a good film
novel charm
perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die
complete
liked this film a lot ...
last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise
wickedly funny and
helps create a complex , unpredictable character .
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible .
lift the spirits of the whole family
nonstop hoot
a detailed personal portrait
better person
of its characters , its protagonist , or of us
an engrossing story
for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) .
a cute alien creature
of a beautifully sung holiday carol
without sacrificing the integrity of the opera
a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships
, melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears
a good time for both children and parents
make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman
heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear
check
poignant japanese epic
jarring , new-agey tone
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
the peculiar american style of justice
cool , composed delivery
stands out from the pack
a conventional , but well-crafted film
told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing
cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .
classic cinema
a sweet treasure and something well worth
admirers
higher
a real filmmaker
is no denying the power of polanski 's film ...
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the
very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey ,
most important and exhilarating
creepy-scary
a reasonably good time
whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation
realized through clever makeup design
your seat , tense with suspense
to tear your eyes away from the images
sets this romantic comedy apart
smart , compelling drama
some success with documentaries
is gorgeously
is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
playful spark
anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved
, like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough
make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
is ingenious fun .
goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
must be a serious contender for the title .
a straight-shooting family film
painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
a vision
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
, ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .
involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship .
-- more accurately , it 's moving
off witty and sophisticated
asks the right questions
succeeded beyond all expectation
of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies
it 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
immense
impressive results
of the finest kind
its grand locations
's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
a compelling yarn
( an ) absorbing documentary
ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
you 've a taste for the quirky
the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america .
is top shelf
so likable
generational signpost
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience
unaffected style
filled with love for the movies of the 1960s
fit the incredible storyline
pure entertainment
the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining
is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place
dwells
'' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
nicole holofcener 's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
might have fun in this cinematic sandbox
by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss
has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
shrewd , powerful act
what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful
is , by itself , deserving of discussion .
first scene
mostly due to its superior cast
of the finest
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
ca n't be dismissed as mindless
really a true `` us '' versus `` them ''
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects
novels to the big screen
, action-packed chiller
all the enjoyable randomness
offers chills much like those
the history is fascinating ;
as his outstanding performance as bond in die
's updating works surprisingly well .
the most wondrous love story in years
a satisfying kids flck
for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions
positives
, almost mystical work
complex portrait of a modern israel
riveted to our seats .
is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .
engage an audience
adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed
are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze .
be based on a true and historically significant story
's the perfect star vehicle for grant ,
propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
of the band
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm ,
complex than its sunny disposition
some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies
spirit is a visual treat ,
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other
a staggeringly compelling character ,
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .
the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal .
, interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
charming and
singing and finger
still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
energizing
( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up
good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
a modestly made but
the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family .
with unexpected comedy
achingly enthralling premise
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
sweetness
playful iranian parable
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin
the costuming of the stars
the lively appeal
in action
is the best he 's been in years
presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet
authentic account of a historical event
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change
as the old saying goes , because it 's true
like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead
funny bones tickled
a voice for a pop-cyber culture
messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments
literate
, nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth .
whose sharp
written so well
as the movie traces mr. brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
intellect
it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness
a feel-good movie
charms
greatest triumph
most magical
refined piece
the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
a straight-ahead thriller
a likable story ,
, it really won my heart
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline
the performances are amiable and committed
describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
some sort of beacon of hope
the film 's considerable charm
could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
saving grace
makes it worth watching
its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
the history is fascinating
last 15 minutes
as a vehicle to savor binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand .
the filmmakers ' eye for detail
has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players
a timeless and unique perspective
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't .
the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t.
despite the surface attractions -- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling .
about which you can actually feel good
a wildly entertaining scan of evans ' career .
turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
a welcome improvement
is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul
an engaging mystery
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics
handsome widescreen photography
is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
visual charm or texture
a culture-clash comedy
leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty
's defiantly and delightfully against the grain
a conventional but heartwarming tale .
communicates something
delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
dramatic comedy
it is a great film .
from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings
sincere , and just
right at home
tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
flavorful performances
a formula comedy redeemed by its stars ,
to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams
an entertainment
wickedly funny ,
has many of the things that made the first one charming .
smashing success
go anywhere new ,
adventure
most opaque ,
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right
sugar '' admirably
that should please history fans
strange it is , but delightfully so
a great monster movie
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .
great sympathy and intelligence
its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way --
in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
's a lot of tooth in roger dodger
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .
family fundamentals gets you riled up
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works , invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
deserving of discussion
the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
see some interesting storytelling devices
although i did n't hate this one
there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
manages to accomplish what few sequels can
most touching movie of recent years
such a good job
results is the best performance from either in years
its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
a seriously intended movie
a bright , inventive
makes it all the more compelling
its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact
its seriousness and quality
robinson 's web of suspense
's strongest and most touching movie of recent years
equally impressive degree
the minds and hearts
has a lot of charm
sidesplitting
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure ,
so crisp and economical in one false move
into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
the crisp clarity
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film
palpable
reunion
intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .
more interesting -- and
intricately
of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in
( sports ) admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency
that makes you feel genuinely good
trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness
actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese
bring
's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year
's even more remarkable
consistent
no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
spirit , perception , conviction
no , i love it ... hell , i dunno .
make a great team
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .
knows how to make our imagination
slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
in form
in its own way
the formula fresh again
will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction .
doing battle
is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
inspired humor
' and ` realistic '
solid acting
that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
a frightening and compelling `
of characters in this picture
of the greatest films
to the familiar topic of office politics
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people
some very good comedic songs , strong finish
i have n't laughed that hard in years !
should have been the ultimate imax trip
, like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
a saga of the ups and downs of friendships
extra points
masterfully
will find things to like
for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .
that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
for a summer of good stuff
hilarious )
make us share their enthusiasm
but it 's great cinematic polemic
phenomenal band
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
allusions
well-made and satisfying
radiant character portrait
fitting
a juicy soap opera
a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery )
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh
that seems tailor
agreeably startling
be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
with two fine , nuanced lead performances
's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career
an exquisite motion picture
every scrap is of the darkest variety
quirky characters , odd situations , and
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty
trust laughs
the avant-garde fused with their humor
broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity
conventional , but well-crafted film
cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
cinematic fluidity and sense
is insightful about kissinger 's background and history .
want to see it twice
manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
a gentle and engrossing character
begins on a high note
straight-shooting family film
rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters
fast-moving and
kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
hitchcockian
two best films
of justice
a marvel of production design
when it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?
is in a class by itself
that acting transfigures esther
( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .
are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances
some phenomenal performances
is bound to appreciate
just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be
cinematic poetry
gifted
superb performances
made me unintentionally famous
indie .
artfully
of his spiritual survival
is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
profound without ever being self-important
with a big impact
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
it strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .
been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
like having an old friend for dinner '
her grace with a moving camera
boredom never takes hold .
idealistic kid
star/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies
with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
is actually
competent performers from movies , television and the theater
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure -
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
is a comedy , both gentle and biting
it 's worth taking the kids to .
plenty to enjoy
on the shoulders of its actors
mighty
had this much imagination and nerve
's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed
which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
best special effects
it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
, what a thrill ride
the best
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message ,
map thematically and stylistically , and
malcolm d. lee
certain robustness
can easily worm its way into your heart .
'' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
it 's also pretty funny
moved
solutions
it is worth searching out .
writer / director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche
visually and thematically
can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut .
more quick-witted than any english lit
gorgeous epic
is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride
its own existence
lusty ,
is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
appeal to asian cult cinema fans
easy film
tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .
the actors pick up the slack
imaginative and
characteristic warmth
landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .
a heartfelt conviction
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
this film should not be missed .
well-formed
is so lovely toward the end
panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
including a knockout of a closing line )
one makes
more graceful
speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
very lively dream
this much imagination and
'll know a star when you see one .
berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance
buy this stuff
evans ) had , lost , and got back
engrossing film
dare i say , entertaining !
, safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
the perfectly pitched web
ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field ,
of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character
an all-star salute
see this delightful comedy
this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill
sensitive acting
to the actress , and to her inventive director
to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy
reasonably entertaining sequel
both a beautifully
a whole lot
boisterous
a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film
the previous movies
told well
an asian neo-realist treasure .
ever so gracefully
a comedy to start a reaction
is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love
kong action cinema
it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
are so spot on
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment
's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days
is the one
then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .
is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .
, it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
of solid performances
is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string
real human soul
keener is marvelous
energetic and always surprising performance
of its grand locations
does deliver a few gut-busting laughs
-- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
their own comfortable niche
have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots
protective cocoon
seem heroic deserves a look
refreshing and comical spin
reading an oversized picture book before bedtime
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .
achieves some kind of goofy grandeur
grandeur ' shots
a modern motion picture
it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
strong voices
the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly
realism , crisp storytelling and radiant
an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie
very smart
at least a minimal appreciation
new inspiration
slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease
humane
elaborate futuristic sets
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but
of dramatic enlightenment
from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
bring you into the characters
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
fun adventure movie
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
emphasis
has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers
has a good line in charm
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
a landmark in film history
finding their way to joy
a smart and funny
more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer
when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
knows everything and answers all questions ,
new testament stories
because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
usual spielberg flair
clarity and deeply
the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm
, empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
are pure hollywood
an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .
merrily
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .
it may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns .
style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story
of impact and moments
probably should
an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
very top rank
's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
are every bit as distinctive as his visuals
powerful commentary
is a weirdly beautiful place
you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .
shindler
as hannibal would say , yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
an amused indictment of jaglom 's own profession .
manages to incorporate both the horror
the ensemble has something fascinating to do
catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness
intelligent , and humanly funny film
` top of the world '
is funny , insightfully human and
future-world
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work
compelling , provocative and prescient
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
( a ) real pleasure in its laid-back way
rich and sudden
most consumers of lo mein and general tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
of love and companionship
its accumulated enjoyment
lifetime milestones
of pleasure or sensuality
, smoky and inviting
for excitement
armed with a game supporting cast
often-funny
the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
be patient with the lovely hush !
, nuanced
remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective
the film is a fierce dance of destruction .
stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king
australian actor/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
wonderfully creepy
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and
) gorgeous
is truly gorgeous
michel piccoli 's moving performance
a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
in fact , even better .
this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
, it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
amazingly evocative film
with dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .
new york 's finest and
, i 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .
of ` laugh therapy '
well-developed characters
delightful mix
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years
the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
ensure that the film is never dull
the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .
for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
's this rich and luscious
the hardy spirit of cuban music
secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year
appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time
smart and entirely charming
's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless
a hugely rewarding experience
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists .
much stronger
predisposed to like it
's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be
good sweat
nearly every attempt at humor
filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .
tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ...
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort
is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon
pretty good
not to be dismissed
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
pokes , provokes ,
remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film
often intense
textbook lives
interesting technical
is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker
rises
powerful acting clinic
, deeply felt
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest
an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic
dry humor and jarring shocks
captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .
exciting plot
about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped
packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
laugh-out-loud funny
half the fun of college football games
makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man
your toes wo n't still be tapping
a likable story , told with competence
a marvelous performance
surprisingly affecting
ample
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications
air conditioning and popcorn
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .
bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys .
about openness , particularly the
its storytelling prowess and
the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often
are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie
an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war
he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view
its success on a patient viewer
good films
with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
meaty
convincing case
beautifully produced film
as much as i laughed throughout the movie
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
morally
a breathtakingly assured and stylish work
another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls
succeeded
well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
is a movie full of grace
slyly exquisite
of a happy ending
extraordinary
common through-line
firmly
could n't recommend this film more .
while cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .
with us is a minor miracle
for silly summer entertainment
what 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
truly come to care about the main characters
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people
embraces it , energizes it and
is nicely shot
is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .
widescreen photography
a compelling story to tell
maguire makes it a comic book with soul
fits the bill perfectly
adorably
genial and decent
the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
a beautiful , entertaining two hours .
should not be missed
fascinating literary mystery story
its perfect quiet pace
chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study
fairy-tale conclusion
carries us effortlessly
never wanted to leave .
narrative arc
does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
hallelujah for small favors
for the heart as well as the mind
engross
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch
to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
long overdue
capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
silliness and
's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously
on a positive ( if tragic ) note
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant .
winking social commentary
making dog day afternoon with a cause
fire a torpedo
to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death
happiness
's best served cold
this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet
yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
attract and sustain an older crowd
make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
small , human moments
imaginative teacher
it --
a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
to keep the film entertaining
are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze
a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
cultural and personal self-discovery and
the vampires
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine
despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
glib but bouncy
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done
a measure of style
appealing
style and empathy
a pleasant distraction ,
pat storylines , precious circumstances
a tree
wide-smiling reception
a good line
a decent popcorn adventure
sorvino is delightful in the central role .
boisterous energy
with grace and panache
truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together
takes a fresh and absorbing look
what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light
venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece
is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen .
with laughs
intriguing and downright intoxicating .
of a good movie ye who enter here
love and humility
deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening
of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy
that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
gangster/crime comedy
doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
perception , conviction
most politically audacious
close to real life
jell into charm
all add up to a satisfying crime drama .
is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors
so freely
of the avant-garde fused with their humor
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny
an ironically killer soundtrack
fascinating film
inside the wave
who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
a calm , self-assured portrait
is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
as sharp
, miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
courageousness
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow
foremost cinematic poet
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but
features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula .
plutonium
is a distinct rarity , and an event
heartfelt and achingly real
based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis
an earnest try at beachcombing verismo
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack
should appeal to women
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture
magnificent jackie chan
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically
: stallion of the cimarron is a winner .
richly rewarded
deadpan cool , wry humor and
, it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
perfect medium
rare imax movie
ultimately the story compels
belly laughs
been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference
intoxicating
is , in fact , so interesting
the power of love
as emotionally grand
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film ,
enormous
goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection
a little more humanity
as clear and reliable an authority on that
thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere
mesmerizing one
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while
( a ) thoughtful , visually graceful work .
at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances
documentary-like credibility
it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill
every moment crackles with tension ,
a classical dramatic animated feature ,
bowling you over
... a true delight .
a fair bit of vampire fun
old-fashioned but emotionally stirring
of the most politically audacious films of recent decades
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid
many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
it 's an ambitious film , and
seeing something purer than the real thing
masterpiece ' and ` triumph '
of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one
defies classification
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchie
a good film
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone
powerful and telling
melodramatic mountain
human moments
entertaining documentary
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel
is always welcome .
on the surface a silly comedy
classical dramatic animated feature
clamoring for another ride
a very well-meaning movie , and
remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift
moving and weighty depiction
, the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness .
the movie rising above similar fare
offers a persuasive
most likeable
the story compels
a tremendous piece of work .
and narrative grace
sly , sophisticated and surprising
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .
cheerfully
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close
is almost in a class with that of wilde himself
the richness
has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but )
should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
decent draft
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .
brilliantly played
got it right the first time
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid
scathingly witty
the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
film history
taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit
, emotionally honest
avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
be mesmerised
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie
unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form
a small gem from belgium
a worthwhile documentary
on sophisticated , discerning taste
right tone
to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood
the increasingly diverse french director
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .
provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc
that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''
a superb performance
main asset
just two
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances
good performances keep it from being a total rehash .
spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe
about schmidt is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .
shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people
transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
the rock is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal .
that few movies are able to accomplish
a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
favorably
the actors are humanly engaged
thought-provoking and stylish
historically significant ,
as subtle and touching as the son 's room
put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d
into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide
are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front
classic theater piece
you can do no wrong with jason x.
's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
for only 71 minutes
an elegant visual sense and a talent
, consistently funny .
to be a breath of fresh air
everybody loves a david and goliath story
will probably like it .
of his top-notch creative team
an enthralling , entertaining feature
lines , the impressive stagings of hardware
bewilderingly brilliant
summery
carefully choreographed
a true adaptation of her book
the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope
are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry
delightful hand shadows
about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics
making the right choice
be the performances of their careers
with energy and innovation
of the wondrous beats
life
the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but
that both thrills the eye
'' comes from the heart
absorbing movie
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and
dystopian
well-timed explosion
though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
it 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
great actors hamming it up
delightful cast
modest masterpiece .
not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
a stylistic
that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type
his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
brings us right into the center of that world
titular
characteristic style
revigorates
nuanced performance
a sports extravaganza
any scorsese has ever given us
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man .
document
this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
is terrific
the tears come during that final , beautiful scene
itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
better entertainment
guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
is funny and pithy ,
then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
is a hoot ,
into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy
` laugh therapy '
good surprise ending
popcorn movie fun
some movie star charisma
that leaves you wanting more
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ;
, funnier .
for anyone
than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes
its worthy predecessors
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .
a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild
something to be ` fully experienced '
remarkable
insightful about kissinger 's background and history
-- definitely a step in the right direction
charming but slight comedy
to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
quietly hopeful
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor
a nice , light treat
perfect teaming
fine performance
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
, surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
painstaking
, amusing and unpredictable
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
bloodsucker computer effects
the film is a hilarious adventure and
the way a good noir should
creates something more beautiful than either of those films
is amazing
summer audience
the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
emotional power
profound characterizations
raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before
` blue crush ' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award .
pulls off enough
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement
give a spark
transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange
is an enjoyable big movie primarily
sketches
true pleasure .
once called ` the gift of tears
are good
black-and-white psychedelia
efficient ,
to learn , to grow
feel the screenwriter at every moment
with its love of life and beauty
, red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
solid , psychological action film
the year 's most enjoyable releases
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably
hard-won rewards
a smart , compelling drama
it does elect to head off in its own direction
a powerful young actor
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery
is a superior horror flick .
a knockout of a closing line
the mind to enter and accept another world
detective story
a sentimental hybrid
astonishingly
her small , intelligent eyes
pleasant enough dish
it treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
brings documentary-like credibility
listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
rich , bittersweet israeli documentary
adds substantial depth
effort and
is funny and
his penchant for tearing up on cue --
is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
, much ado about something is an amicable endeavor .
wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful
pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love
also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american
pot
film buffs
del
you know it 's going to be a trip
impressionistic
the film 's crisp , unaffected style
funny film
open
a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
low-key romantic comedy
manically generous
strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
its art and heart
elegant and sly
much of the movie 's charm
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses --
uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful
, then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .
family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year
are simply intoxicating
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
a pretty funny movie ,
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
good actors , good poetry
a more graceful way
fast , funny , and even touching
about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
riveting profile
appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
surprising in how much they engage and even touch us
the widowmaker is a great yarn .
a great way to spend 4 units of your day
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope
can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him .
spielberg flair
felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
our imagination
-- and at times , all
canny and
viva le resistance !
in love with a girl
the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
satire and childhood awakening
auspicious feature debut
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time
charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get :
for both the scenic splendor of the mountains
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
effective
is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .
this film 's impressive performances
keep you wide awake and ...
most magical and most fun family fare
such a dependable concept
a remote shelf
, first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .
the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .
somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry
funnier than anything
such fury
powerful and revelatory
crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .
an energetic , extreme-sports adventure
oddly fascinating
at its best
form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people
fanciful ,
soulful and
serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally ,
a solid , psychological action film
seems to enjoy its own transparency
formula family tearjerker
, thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .
time and art
the sheer joy and pride
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
` alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
ideal casting
silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theater for some time
forgot
a fine-looking film
, but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining
is perfectly creepy and believable
with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace
reverie
is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
takes its techniques into such fresh territory
post-war art world
that embraces its old-fashioned themes and
a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ...
rusi vulakoro
a miraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .
maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .
( a ) satisfying niblet .
characteristically startling visual style and
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
so pertinent and enduring
is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide
's incredible the number of stories
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann ,
co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision
which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
the film works
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed .
intriguing movie experiences
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as
but enjoyable documentary .
is a remarkably original work .
refined
, is a treat .
is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies
turn bill paxton into an a-list director
the best date movie
impeccable comic timing ,
then you 're at the right film .
its visual delights
ayatollah
killer website movie
of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here
solid , spooky entertainment
piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
a gloriously goofy way
the film ) works
marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
has become one of our best actors
the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
the light-footed enchantment the material needs
compliment
go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music
privileged moments and memorable performances
shows little understanding
of pure movie
is brilliant ,
never worry about anyone being bored
a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin
it 's fun , but it 's a real howler
offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
little doubt
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and
, whatever your orientation .
of comedic bliss
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
impressive hybrid .
lovely
... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand )
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but
the artistry of making a film
cho 's timing is priceless .
much interest
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .
generous and subversive artworks
succeeds mainly
it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
the astute direction of cardoso
winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
go around , with music and laughter
crisp clarity
the direction of spielberg
fascinating , bombshell documentary
does best
delightfully charming -- and totally american
a superficial way
better after foster
a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
the familiar topic of office politics
not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick
directing with a sure and measured hand , ( haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing
rich promise
is long on
two fine actors , morgan freeman and
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .
the leads are natural and lovely
that this should seal the deal
, the movie completely transfixes the audience .
by the incredibly flexible cast
make a nice coffee table book
golden book
alert , if not
the performers are so spot on
a lovely film for the holiday season
the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written
the comedy equivalent
through with originality , humor and pathos
of this unique director 's previous films
some outrageously creative action
pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons
combined with stunning animation
become one of our best actors
every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen
hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .
a nicely understated expression of the grief
the relationship between reluctant
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing
always entertaining , and smartly written
an adoring , wide-smiling reception
is authentic
is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances
it 's a ripper of a yarn
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .
in-depth portrait
entertaining and suggestive
intermittently powerful study
you 'll enjoy the hot chick .
creating an intriguing species of artifice
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real '
has really done his subject justice .
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
to a t.
male hip hop fantasy
bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults
a great yarn
rooted
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , ''
sweetness and vulnerability
the muckraking , soul-searching spirit
offers a trenchant critique of capitalism
well-paced and ultimately
stellar performance
best disney movie
flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
will have fun with
will eat up like so much gelati
especially give credit to affleck .
the cleverest ,
an interesting bit of speculation
feel better already .
as the direction is intelligently accomplished
's a pretty woman
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler ,
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat
a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor
miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros
several strong performances
harmless
congrats disney
the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things
in a slap-happy mood
a sly female empowerment movie
updating white 's dry wit to a new age
a thriller
particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy
energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .
consistently funny
equally engrossing
a reasonable degree of suspense
a brief amount
a heaven
to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
quiet , introspective and entertaining
a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
opening up
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light
you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for
rarely , a movie is more than a movie .
to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili .
intermittently wise
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale
is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
a hilarious ode to middle america
the funniest jokes of any movie
animation work
i found it weirdly appealing
do justice
is extremely funny
that is fully formed and remarkably assured
peels layers
nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
so perfect for a ballplayer
wise
imaginary
this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players
flawed humanity
watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet
the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped
a great writer
full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
incredibly flexible cast
is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade .
really strong second effort
of french cinema 's master craftsmen
all the way to the credits
a winning comedy with its wry observations
awarded mythic status
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic .
, very good
fun with it all
, thoughtful , unapologetically raw
this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .
has performed a difficult task indeed
a freedom
as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
jacobi , the most fluent of actors ,
powerful and reasonably fulfilling
is driven by appealing leads
, dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell .
decisive
adobo
the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...
profits
breathe out of every frame
expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should
notable
breezy movie
terrifically entertaining
charms are immediately apparent
a coming-of-age movie that hollywood would n't have the guts to make .
robust
because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas
looks genuinely pretty
elegantly appointed
's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
fascinating they may be as history
winning and wildly fascinating work
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .
this oscar-nominated documentary
give the movie points for
of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer
intelligent and
an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do --
turn on many people to opera
ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline ,
a tremendous , offbeat sense
with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
of the better video-game-based flicks ,
often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness
is phenomenal , especially the women .
whimsical humor
that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
positive change
hilariously raunchy as south park
new energy
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end
oftentimes funny ,
great fun
the qualities that made the first film so special
do a load of good
drumline is its energy
is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
well-paced
he has something significant to say
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography
a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence
, steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
laugther
, this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner .
suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
the occasional belly laugh
shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
while certainly clever in spots
to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks
gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years
evocative
i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie .
worthy of our respect
successfully
they so heartwarmingly motivate
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china
rising star jake gyllenhaal
griffiths ' warm and winning central performance
a truly larger-than-life character
action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and
seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper ,
as pure composition and form --
family
intelligent jazz-playing exterminator
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller
clarity
turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic
frightening and compelling
her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation
sophisticated film
offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future
warm , inviting , and surprising
vowing , ` this is going to be something really good
with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ...
picture-perfect
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .
wonderfully sprawling soap opera
of character-driven storytelling
beautiful film
darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping
of its marks
examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor .
impressive images
more irresistibly than in ` baran
the talented cast generally
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
to shine
a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
live together
crowd pleaser
storytellers
be spectacularly outrageous
's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?
appeals to me
dogs
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god
a young boy
moving and vibrant
gorgeous pair
is oscar-worthy .
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ...
perfect black pearls
a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe
want to check it out
unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn
takes great pleasure
work in concert
burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen
enough freshness
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke .
levity
be found a tough beauty
far more entertaining
before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
if `` lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence
rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real ,
like it was worth your seven bucks
the delicious
mike shoots and scores
very minds
non-techies can enjoy
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze
kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
should win the band a few new converts , too
deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer .
no-holds-barred cinematic
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain .
that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough
humor and heart and very talented young actors
its compelling mix
an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way
a pleasant enough dish
of one unstable man
we delight in the images
will have an intermittently good time
in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers
an impressive roster of stars and direction
the most beautiful , evocative works
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .
well-directed and
a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism
grandkids
good things to offer
an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication
most deceptively amusing comedies
enjoyable 100
ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
enough to become comparatively sane and healthy
, i 'll buy the soundtrack .
a real story
the emperor 's club any time
humankind 's liberating ability
high-spirited
there are for children and dog lovers
respect
` anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
there is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
fluid , no-nonsense authority
'll buy the soundtrack .
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times
that it was intended to be a different kind of film
of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
overwhelmingly positive portrayal
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .
a wonderfully speculative character
kids-and-family-oriented
a distinct rarity , and an event
a love affair
pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
desire to enjoy good trash every now and then
's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
for all audiences
you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
of effecting change and inspiring hope
complex and quirky , but
comfort and familiarity
superior cast
is tuned in to its community .
talking a talk that appeals to me
people who are enthusiastic about something and then
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment
like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown
of the most entertaining bonds in years
puts enough salt
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ;
as well-written as sexy beast
from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood
's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
a lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone
'll love this movie .
tear your eyes
enough cool fun
as sharp or as fresh
of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence
a crisp psychological drama ( and ) a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode .
worthy of her considerable talents
morality , family , and social expectation
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation
as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack
, then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
the theme with added depth and resonance
, skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest
screen with considerable appeal
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .
the joyous , turbulent self-discovery
you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
because australia is a weirdly beautiful place
fearless
cho 's previous concert comedy film
won my heart
the best since the last waltz
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
our eyes
afterlife
rising
find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for
this movie is to be cherished .
emerges a radiant character portrait .
dogme
good-time shenanigans
with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .
is ingenious fun
a solid formula for successful animated movies
, the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .
energized
wonderous
if you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic
holiday box office pie
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material
look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
a mesmerizing cinematic poem
creates sheerly cinematic appeal
the last metro )
from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also
marveled
full
in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .
its brilliant touches
have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit
the look and the period trappings right
it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven
duvall is strong as always .
she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain ,
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be ,
a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship
one word that best describes this film : honest
stands a good chance of being the big
at such a furiously funny pace
target practice
popcorn thriller
astoundingly rich film
are certainly
what ( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve
imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen
with an elegance and maturity
's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror
presented with universal appeal
mr. nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
robin williams , death to smoochy
it is japanese and yet feels universal
safe conduct is anything but languorous .
expressive
shining with all the usual spielberg flair
has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him
that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
what it is -- a nice , harmless date film
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but
the experience worthwhile
that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic
shows the promise of digital filmmaking
amazing
to remarkable performances
romp that 's always fun to watch .
so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .
a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film
gives gifts to grownups
as sexy beast
a good and ambitious film
value and respect
do n't notice the 129-minute running time
has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
tenderness
the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
of fun
sumptuous ocean visuals and
a smart , romantic drama
pedro
davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships
that 's good
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh
he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
a light-hearted way the romantic problems
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
unbelievable
delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
well-told
is impressive .
filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one .
world war ii
's black hawk down with more heart .
children 's ' song
give a pretty good overall picture of the situation
are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be
earnest emotional core
, his most personal work yet .
unlimited access to families and church meetings
refused
great american adventure
from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups
, this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen .
an unexpectedly sweet story of
amicable
strangely liberating
traditional
of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
the energy humming
is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
surprisingly engrossing
to sustain a laugh
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
very well-written and
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
happily
australia is a weirdly beautiful place
the ingenious construction
enough charming moments
it will warm your heart ,
in charm
discovery and humor
to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
are especially fine
pervasive
idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise
the familiar , funny surface
fascinate
, the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
a fullness that does not negate the subject
a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre
with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies
a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
middle eastern world politics
finn
holds the film
this slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .
a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem
funny bone
weirdly appealing
helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .
wildly entertaining
creative instincts
remarkably accessible and haunting film
some good material
during that final , beautiful scene
suspense or believable tension
humorous and
a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films
little mermaid
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving
sheer dynamism
spectator
quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
to her inventive director
the proper conviction
a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
beautiful food entrée
director lee has a true cinematic knack ,
with first love sweetly
a delightful comedy centering on food
i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life --
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
of heart and unsettling subject matter
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience -
initially gripping
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
the film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
zany mix
raises some worthwhile themes
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us
's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies
talented thesps
holds promise
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one ,
a majestic achievement
a film that 's not merely about kicking undead ***
all comedy
at how much we care about the story
truly larger-than-life
since the thrills pop up frequently
pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script
well loved classic
a rich tale
brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .
dramatic substance
the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
the french lieutenant 's woman
are quite admirable
, the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
both lead performances are oscar-size .
's great for the kids
this pretty watchable
the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience
the recording sessions are intriguing ,
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
handled with intelligence and care
at its best
made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar
so substantial or fresh
chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
her subject matter
the casting of raymond j. barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary .
the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo
make it worth watching
the film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .
most humane and important holocaust movies
classic
the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers --
features a standout performance
from one arresting image to another
shiner
climactic burst
a hallmark hall of fame
the charm of revolution os
a legend
its heightened , well-shaped dramas
to learn , to grow ,
the great films
you 're in luck .
odd but ultimately satisfying
, sprightly spin
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ...
allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie .
numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
first love sweetly
legendary
lead performances
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls ''
creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical
the spotlight
it 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
marvelously
the movie should win the band a few new converts , too
responsible for this illuminating comedy
hollywood program
often surprising twists and
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue
this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back .
taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history
the ingenuity
a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone
honest performances and
movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
the positives
, blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
like brosnan 's performance , evelyn comes from the heart .
-- drama , conflict , tears and surprise --
has something fascinating to do
wild
`` red dragon '' is entertaining .
12th oscar nomination
offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun
is always watchable .
small ... with considerable aplomb
believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people
beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors
a tour de force of modern cinema
as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
brilliant touches
that most frightening of all movies
how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
originality of plot
would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
a special kind
the all-time great apocalypse movies
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
a moving story of determination and the human spirit
in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
some very good comedic songs ,
good action , good acting ,
to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food
love it ,
deserves a chance to shine
its proper home
me a lot of memento
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
neat
a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective
a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could
of the best of a growing strain of daring films
refreshing to see a romance this smart
shows moments of promise but
urbane sweetness
manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
and refined piece
is consistently amusing and engrossing
a joint promotion
something else altogether -- clownish and
touching and funny
you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
and thought-provoking film
the film is well-intentioned
on the cinematic front
four-star movie
funny and wise
adventurous indian filmmakers
stylish but steady ,
has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker
accomplished actress
most accomplished work
saves it ... and makes it
lot to recommend read my lips
the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play
by then , your senses are as mushy as peas
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half .
comedy and
genuine quirkiness
came up with a treasure chest of material
an articulate , grown-up voice
alive and
the best story
carries you along
with a twisted sense of humor
the movie 's progression
, this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia
tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history
played for maximum moisture
has several strong performances
a weird and wonderful comedy
powerful young actor
dark , gritty , sometimes funny
term epic cinema
the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard
tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation
short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
they see the joy the characters take in this creed
natural affability
surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players
one never overwhelms the other
the upscale lifestyle
cannon 's confidence
sharp
all those famous moments
their parents , wise folks that they are
is nothing short of refreshing
who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
the wonder of mostly martha
provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride
become a spielberg trademark
applying definition to both sides of the man
the movie 's charm
intelligence and subtlety
is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder
you 're an elvis person
populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments
while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision
great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
triumph over a scrooge or two
's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness
an encouraging effort from mccrudden
believe it or
fresh and absorbing
a funny yet dark and
during sunset
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but
a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
goofy , nutty , consistently funny .
cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects
easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
to being very funny
are as timely as tomorrow
pure
a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
posey
a nice little story
revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
the comic effects of jealousy
the powerful success
merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
very sincere
funny film .
as delightful
achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture
watchable stuff .
looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .
as gripping
the movie 's success
monsoon wedding
, davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
girl entry
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old --
smarter offerings
is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens
succeeded only in making me groggy .
with great sympathy and intelligence
in such a gloriously goofy way
are really surprising
an addictive guilty pleasure
to the climactic burst of violence
a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
into one good one
sometimes funny
real characters
deserves a look
an extraordinary
that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
, the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor
deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context
achieves the near-impossible
some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights
stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
more balanced or fair portrayal
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients ,
beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
imax sound system
- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable
is the score , as in the songs translate well to film
are what makes it worth the trip to the theater
it can comfortably hold
a hollywood film
piercingly affecting
of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film
the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling .
an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
about one of cinema 's directorial giants
told with an appropriate minimum of means .
such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
warm .
can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work
one ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
of new york locales and sharp writing
steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine
the good fight
fare with real thematic heft .
the audience award
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out ,
, remarkably unpretentious
most virtuous
for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
drop everything and run to ichi
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family
'm guessing the director is a magician .
combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions
imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
it should be poignant
infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
modestly
, from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
re-imagining of beauty and
the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
that rare combination
, and intelligence
a well-put-together piece of urban satire .
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
keep you wide awake and ... very tense
for laughs
see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
in freshening the play
it 's great cinematic polemic
an often intense character study
a very capable nailbiter .
of warmth
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community .
is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer
handled well
lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax
blockbuster
most haunting about `` fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .
's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones
just right
coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro
it is effective
are still unconcerned about what they ingest
in grand passion
as averse as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .
a sure hand
that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade
purdy
captivating and intimate study
going to make his debut as a film director
with enough action
charming and evoking little ditty
's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
anachronistic quick edits and
laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in
complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
makes it attractive throughout
like a promising work-in-progress
most breezy movie steven spielberg
intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries
rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks
is never lethargic
none can equal
predictably efficient piece
equally impressive
assurance
most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .
enjoy yourselves
with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
, lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
the awe in which it holds itself
first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans ''
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick ,
this much imagination
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness
of the acting breed
helmer
infectious enthusiasm
dramatic , funny and poignant
divine monument
as a durable part of the movie landscape
by talented writer/director anderson
accomplished
knockaround
's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
he has a great cast and a great idea .
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .
laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment
life affirming and heartbreaking
to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
so slick and
is remembering
suspense , intriguing characters
bouncy
wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why
if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out .
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm
than a worthwhile effort
clever makeup design
a creative urge
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ...
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor
another entertaining
escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall !
his strongest performance
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles
crafted picture
, intelligent , and humanly funny film .
's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
there 's plenty to impress about e.t.
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant .
the charm of the first movie is still there ,
is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
witty and
refreshingly
both exuberantly
a delicate ambiguity
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale
it 's a rock-solid little genre picture
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera 's attention to detail .
that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
spicy footnote
astonishingly vivid
whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone
the rollicking dark humor
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france :
every bit as fascinating
of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and
, not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
it 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .
has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
the actors are simply too good , and
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .
effecting change
a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
rich visual clarity and deeply
have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .
such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me
to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face
is pretty damned funny
runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
action laudable
the film operates nicely off the element of surprise ,
moving and stark
is certainly easy to watch
exceptionally good idea
an impressive achievement
seasonal holiday kids
fun with the quirks of family life
mixed-up
ballistic :
succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them
this chiaroscuro of madness and light
a wonderful subject for the camera
an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people
going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal
like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances '
upbeat
berry 's saucy
makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison
can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter .
an achingly enthralling premise , the film
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and
is always watchable
imagination
the tragedy beneath it
can feel the love
good action
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music
well told .
family togetherness
with grace and humor and gradually
survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller
the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting
sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama
a convincing brogue
a touching , sophisticated film
give committed performances
poetry
hits all the verbal marks it should
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
genuinely sweet
become very involved
ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
an architect of pop culture
with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability
something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music
a testament to the film 's considerable charm
with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous .
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy
so true and heartbreaking
a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .
a strangely tempting bouquet
wildly popular
being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something
the stars
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes
sweet gentle jesus
its lavish formalism
strangely believable
scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
visual virtuosity
, see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
is the director 's talent .
thanks largely
is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
his subject justice
an oscar nomination
her inventive director
a few nice twists in a standard plot and
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and
humanistic
with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
the film works in spite of it
to be a boy truly in love with a girl
sillier , cuter ,
as pretty contagious fun
unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow
a pleasant and engaging enough sit ,
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
masterly
with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations
an auspicious feature debut
like this movie
this stylish film
an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground
a historically significant , and personal , episode
are committed
reward
rare treat
werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
with verve
fanciful
an unflinching ,
sensitive story
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .
a true star
the integrity and vision
may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
an exercise in chilling style ,
actually makes the heart soar
talky
like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor
vivid personality
in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .
a true pleasure .
's something vital about the movie
touching , raucously amusing
pat , fairy-tale conclusion
among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .
the picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
charming and witty
simply ca n't recommend it enough .
buried at the heart of his story
'' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks
but oddly compelling
sophisticated and unsentimental treatment
portrays their cartoon counterparts well
... a solid , unassuming drama .
a visual delight
's a heck of a ride
is simply brilliant .
gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers
engaging enough
of the great films about movie love
ranks with the best of herzog 's works
harrowing account
this is going to be something really good
's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits
his surprising discovery of love and humility
such an engrossing story
flatter it
triple x marks the spot .
put on an intoxicating show
one 's appetite for the bollywood films
... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .
tremble without losing his machismo
by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did )
's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
, big trouble could be considered a funny little film .
cell phones , guns , and
undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation
are uniformly good .
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .
to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish
steers refreshingly clear
in the film 's verbal pokes
a satisfying evening
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances
that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
new
destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal
, the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out
transcend its genre
entertainment that parents love to have their kids
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
seems so real
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama
a fresh and absorbing look
it makes up for with its heart .
is a success in some sense
it 's easy to love robin tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act --
miss congeniality
'll end up moved
fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good
shrek
dominated
is a magician
the perkiness
a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
it will be well worth your time .
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful
enlightening , insightful and entertaining
please the eye
a complex story
awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions
nothing wrong with performances here
strong finish
soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
delightfully against the grain
i love the robust middle of this picture .
succeeded in
genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental
capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's
a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama
affection
from the people laughing in the crowd
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes
make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie .
frank capra played this story straight .
as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism
a moving and important film
immersive
about discovering your destination in life
has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .
delectable
the only winner
gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut
` yes , that 's right : it 's forrest gump , angel of death . '
a vivid , sometimes surreal ,
grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration
best story
entirely wholesome
the viewer wide-awake all the way through
an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
is well done
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen
vivid
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
a perfectly rendered period piece
i loved this film .
is funny
one of a really solid woody allen film
faithful
the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan
`` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance
the magnificent swooping aerial shots
enough moments to keep it entertaining
for the whole family
to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
a genuine dramatic impact
deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
's appealingly manic and energetic .
wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year
something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters
a psychological mystery
is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
by a strong and unforced supporting cast
the director 's experiment is a successful one .
hopkins
with a sweet
make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic
illustrates
fully developed story
subtlest works
a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller
their noble endeavor
swimfan does catch on
randall wallace
the film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .
a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure ,
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
confidence
emotionally stirring
, possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
appealing enough
a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality
of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
of the insurance actuary
the fantastic
on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones ,
an indisputably spooky film
david and
always hilarious meara
is extraordinary .
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
fun-for-fun 's
tie together beautifully
dense , exhilarating documentary .
, rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings
is even better than the fellowship
return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation
believable performances
too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets .
enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time .
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining
assurance worthy
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies
it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
disquieting and thought-provoking film
about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats )
the best movies of the year
gorgeous to look at but
most antsy youngsters
, entertaining thriller
rowdy participants
are canny and spiced with irony .
's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
with his picture-perfect life
enticing and often funny documentary .
asian neo-realist treasure .
had much science
to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit
symbolic characters
rich and full life
directed with sensitivity and skill
discerning taste
being forceful , sad without being shrill
mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady
, it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun
earthy
the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
the best script that besson has written in years .
you enough to feel good about
found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages
are simply dazzling
artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson
sex with strangers is fascinating ...
i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael
just as much intelligence
an intoxicating experience .
hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
fun , with an undeniable energy
complexity
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold !
shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ?
the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek )
impressively true for being so hot-blooded
nice to see what he could make with a decent budget
three sides of his story with a sensitivity
is a must
krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
most importantly ,
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .
witty , wistful new film
into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy
's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
the gorgeous locales and
an erotic thriller that
appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
indie of the year , so far .
enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded
a humanistic message
thoughtful , visually graceful
reign
once in a while a film
from firing on all cylinders
new treasure
particularly memorable effect
their charisma
's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .
daring and verve
you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
finds his inspiration
a gritty police thriller
helped
watchable .
efficiently minimalist style
a sharp script and strong performances
the call of the wild
does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again .
win you over , in a big way
exceptional to justify a three hour running time
rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
is the best star trek movie in a long time .
purpose
to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone
a subtle and richly internalized performance
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
's moving
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
a poignant and wryly amusing film
oddly compelling .
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film
spectacle
speaks volumes
of the stand-up comic
manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
a pointed , often tender , examination
( like saturday morning tv in the '60s )
impressive and highly entertaining
completely enlightening
gooding is the energetic frontman ,
musicals back 40 years
's far from a frothy piece
all the hearts it won -- and wins still
jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod
highlander
( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .
a wide summer audience
oscar caliber cast
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater
a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
most colorful and controversial artists
while it 's nothing we have n't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still
terrific performances
you 're on the edge of your seat
watch , giggle and get
the way home
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances ,
, this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .
broomfield has compelling new material
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness ,
one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
the first place
from the opening strains of the average white band 's `` pick up the pieces '' , you can feel the love .
warm , inviting , and
fun for kids of any age
brand name
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
the wild thornberrys movie
these ambitions , laudable in themselves
best-known creation
increasingly amused irony
beautiful ,
is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish
of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
translate well to film
scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away
favorite
me grinning
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then
is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
be much funnier than anything
when it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
is a pleasant enough dish
the new insomnia
simple , sweet and romantic
is visually smart
real visual charge to the filmmaking
revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised
the tale commands attention .
a day at the beach
complex and quirky
have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
the best film
high-octane jolts
sexy , funny and touching
a stylish psychological thriller
an asian landscape painting
impresses
are strong
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6
excellent cast
the right film
buy is an accomplished actress
of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
the director 's experiment
chilling
shekhar kapur
the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter
genuinely satisfying
offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve .
a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured
this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies
good-looking but
visually
spiritual survival
both hugely entertaining and uplifting
create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
after next spreads them pretty thin
, walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look
the heat of the moment
professional
as they do in this marvelous film
may be as history
take on a great writer and dubious human being
the classics
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
funny in the middle
even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it
certainly raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before .
for decades we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .
with heart and humor
that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
liberating
this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
characterizations to be mildly amusing
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex
one feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .
grandiosity
is a real charmer
seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .
and surehanded direction
that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works
a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy
very capable
one decent performance from the cast and
visual treat
a coherent whole
for true fans
makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important
a suspenseful horror movie
` hip '
with passion and energy
informative ,
ultimate scorsese film
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .
beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy
the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
a class by itself
packed with moments out of an alice
holds you in rapt attention from
writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
by a talented director
funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
so intimate and
a love story and
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .
a warm , fuzzy feeling
is hilarious
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study ,
the problem with antwone fisher
, nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
the image that really tells the tale
could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
stuffed to the brim with ideas
terrific computer graphics
crack you up
fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera
star-making
the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming
j.k. rowling 's marvelous series
... belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history ,
scarily funny
a true study ,
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning ,
the tone for a summer of good stuff
guilt-free trip
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it --
has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely
without oppressive
you ca n't miss it .
'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
sensual ,
a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
with the fast , funny , and even touching story
done excellent work here
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
looks as if it belongs on the big screen
a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
the compassion , good-natured humor
material this rich it does n't need it
thoughtful what-if
, you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
adults , other than the parents ...
the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
solid storytelling .
by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
is one of those all-star reunions
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but
's something vital about the movie .
an accuracy
given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment
but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .
elizabeth hurley 's
makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob )
ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off
eloquent , reflective and beautifully
surprisingly gentle
good intentions
a bittersweet drama
a mesmerizing performance
with an appropriate minimum of means
it magic
the film is well-crafted
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision
done excellent work
educates viewers
thoughtful
to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
is utterly fearless as the tortured husband
hip , contemporary , in-jokey one
of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line )
is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away
sturdiest example yet
deeply meditative
have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro
's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
hilarious kenneth branagh
madonna 's cameo does n't suck !
beating the austin powers films
the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...
told with sharp ears and eyes
indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
gesturing
continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .
a story worth caring about
something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago ,
( davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany
biographical fantasia
because of its epic scope
that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
such a great one
, you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner
is to be cherished
structured and well-realized
charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark
about female friendship that men can embrace and women
a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job
certainly hard to hate
'll feel as the credits roll
gorgeous and finely detailed
zings along with vibrance and warmth
playfully profound
, this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest .
the distance
inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc
without intent
an action/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat .
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .
we can enjoy as mild escapism
honest
generous and
's coherent , well shot , and
camera movements
otherwise comic
( while the last metro ) was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle
sirk
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters ,
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
of interest
, giggly little story
a children 's film in the truest sense
the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
glizty
's as good as you remember
an irresistibly uncanny ambience
your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute
successful at lodging itself in the brain
until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest .
bisset is both convincing and radiant
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
everybody else is in the background
enter
breathes life
stylish psychological thriller
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and
moved to the edge of their seats
is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles
high production values
gifted artists
ultimately very satisfying
about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
of sharp writing
a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers )
real stars
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders
stimulating and demanding
bright and
a good surprise ending
a strong first act
it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
and it 's what makes their project so interesting
one oscar nomination
the atmosphere of the crime expertly
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild
nicely
so intimate and sensual and funny
significantly different ( and better )
shrill , simple and soapy .
real star
an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ...
small gem
... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .
many conclusive answers in the film
it 's stylishly directed with verve ...
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .
sustain interest
the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis .
is a movie that understands characters must come first
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting
is emerging in world cinema
, well ,
diva
represents an engaging and intimate first feature
delicately crafted film
an uplifting , near-masterpiece
mordantly funny
a well-crafted film
anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year
whip-smart
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .
to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time
entertains
cruelly funny
the dream world of teen life
truly excellent sequences
it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
funniness
in your heart
letting you share her one-room world for a while
deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .
, sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert
to be cherished
despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen
perfect performance
a james bond series for kids
's got as potent a topic as ever here
satisfyingly
that it does afford
turbulent self-discovery
does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it
but also intriguing and honorable ,
really need a remake of `` charade
's much to recommend the film
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .
an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
hossein
beautifully shot
is wonderful
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor
as the mediterranean sparkles
truly wonderful
strong-minded
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially
feel good
an effective portrait of a life in stasis --
somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard
a temporal inquiry
sufficient
adrenaline boost
is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
of happy
the great minds of our times
mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
gives a superb performance
: land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
heartwarming
the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze .
is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .
something more beautiful than either of those films
moving and stark reminder
comedy and melodrama
by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting
is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness
he respects the material without sentimentalizing it
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary .
of shape
is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes
young romantics
ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
by a set of heartfelt performances
insurance
striking villains
much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
better
, you 're in luck .
can usually be traced back to the little things
as clever
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor
between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking
it 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
an almost constant mindset of suspense
skillfully
that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
the secret 's eventual discovery
gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .
holds promise ,
the horror fan
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour
is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
career-defining revelation
with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary
a british cast
the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time
enjoyable choice
required genuine acting from ms. spears
knows how to make our imagination wonder .
congrats disney on a job well done
take you places you have n't been , and also places you have
the film above anything sandler
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards .
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling
uniquely sensual
of all those famous moments
the rollicking dark humor so necessary
nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it
clever ideas and
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again
gripping drama .
a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character
, you 'll cheer .
a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point
a sensitive , moving
the logic
worth catching
an oddly winning portrayal of one
just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception
who might enjoy this
romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy
with their fathers
an insane comic undertaking
about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it
fast and funny
unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs
it 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .
is masterful
sublimely lofty
( and educational )
20 years apart
rates as an exceptional thriller .
`` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme .
offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame
that clever angle
a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
star
an affectionate
, so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
is nicely shot , well-edited
discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman
fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire
as decent drama/action flick
with impressive results
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
as naturally charming as it needs to be
is dazzling
ultimate
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny
piano
have a whale of a good time .
implicitly
exciting and well-paced .
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
quietly moving
succeeds in entertaining
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they
is painterly
's a very tasteful rock and roll movie
squirming in their seats
well done
ver wiel 's
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue ,
leaves you giddy
talent
about tattoos
in 1958 brooklyn
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists --
a consummate actor
intimate and socially encompassing
are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .
of surprises
, dramatically satisfying heroine
delight
why human beings long for what they do n't have
a video helmer
the movie is certainly easy to watch .
try to surprise us with plot twists
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
crudup 's anchoring performance
comes out looking like something wholly original
beautifully crafted
enjoys
that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
's mostly a pleasure to watch .
his greatest triumph
how much they engage and even touch us
the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing )
as important as humor
enthrall
, though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
very very strong `` b +
dramatized
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate
under the skin of her characters
fresh view
right ways
is competent
operatic
tender hug
beautiful stars
it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness
` ke burstein
well made
succeeds through sincerity
warmth and humor
the most complex , generous and subversive artworks
great combination act
is duly impressive in imax dimensions ,
pleasing way
star script
terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .
, hard-hitting documentary .
ingenious and often
has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood
ladles on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .
delightful stimulus
humor wry
with a tone as variable as the cinematography
these women are spectacular
co-stars
intricate , intimate and intelligent journey
modest , straight-ahead standards
a sense of childhood imagination
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama
falling
innocent and
one terrific story with lots of laughs
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters
transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .
give a backbone to the company
superior ''
old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale
serious and thoughtful .
is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood ,
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .
sits in the place where a masterpiece should be
enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
a really solid woody allen film
always looks good
that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater .
weaver and lapaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
about the plight of american indians in modern america
historically significant
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .
the production is suitably elegant
huge action sequence
the hardy spirit
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan
for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
adventure story and history lesson
happens to be good
well-crafted psychological study
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre .
be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
might turn on many people to opera , in general
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
remain curious about each other against all odds
in luck
soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
a deftly entertaining film
charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .
for kids or their parents
has plenty of laughs .
enjoyably over-the-top
... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
occasionally inspired dialogue bits
remarkable and memorable
spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for
quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite
is a nonstop hoot
a marvelous performance by allison lohman
pleasant enough -- and
's an ambitious film
bright
it 's potentially just as rewarding
that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
audience-pleaser
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or
influence
reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events
excellent latin actors of all ages
have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament
kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .
are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often
comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise
( jeff 's ) gorgeous ,
that holds up well after two decades
a powerful look
strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie .
classic text
female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael
just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play
has done his homework and
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show .
for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish
i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .
is its personable , amusing cast
, it finds a nice rhythm .
smart , not cloying
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
an earnest , roughshod document
imaginative filmmaking
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
the recording sessions are intriguing , and
dream of
should not be missed .
of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters
a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
'll love it
cagney 's ` top of the world '
, and room noise
of good actors
, honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama
nails hard
occasionally horrifying but often inspiring
to be a wacky , screwball comedy
moving and vibrant .
more entertaining ,
a positive impression
eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work
a clear-eyed chronicle
is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything
's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
the soulful gravity
lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation
surprisingly decent flick
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner
fresh , sometimes funny , and
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever
a real winner
head-turner
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer
this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen
a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .
bring to imax
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard
`` wild ride ''
this fascinating portrait
right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently
soft-porn 'em powerment
blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
to lift the spirits of the whole family
, passion , and genius
rhapsodic
right actors
delicately calibrated in tone
sophisticated performance
dramatic punch
a first-rate cast
riveting memories
kidman has become one of our best actors
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition
her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing
will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear
graceful , moving
it 's not just a feel-good movie
belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line )
's a compelling and horrifying story
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
live the mood
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .
creates an impeccable sense of place
genuinely enthusiastic
awe-inspiring visual poetry
a very talented but underutilized supporting cast
are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
captured
gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge '
if you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
of the flesh
sentimental journey
fighting hard for something that really matters
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community
early laughs
calm and thoughtful
demented in a good way
witty ,
, `` they 're out there ! ''
runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes
so many talented people
inventive
politically audacious
makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
right into the center of that world
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances
a feel-good fantasy
authenticate her british persona
you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
one well-timed explosion in a movie
may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee
the talented cast
it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
striking character traits
the gifted korean american stand-up
good , achingly human
does hold up pretty well .
, like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
unblinkingly pure as
is credible and remarkably mature .
could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
believability
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .
few gut-busting laughs
sweet and modest
restrained and subtle
excellent sequel .
a cultural wildcard experience
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture
bravado
scenery , vibe and all
offer audiences
that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i
of clever ideas and visual gags
, and beautifully shot
his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form
a real howler
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
well together
to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing
to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
even if the ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .
old-fashioned values
it 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .
the ring never lets you off the hook .
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and
its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese
absolutely refreshed
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
as happy listening to movies
that 's the mark of a documentary that works
have a good time with this one too
to light
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
the ensemble cast
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects
well wrought
funny little movie
has a brain
plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
watch the movie
proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .
reflect
freshness
polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions
you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way
profundity
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .
a neat trick
wears its empowerment on its sleeve
wow factors
a thinking man 's monster movie
boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture ,
thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy
leigh makes these lives count .
his impressions of life and loss and
as good ,
in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances
a feel-good movie can still show real heart
until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
in his right mind
appealingly
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .
heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .
uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor
originality in ` life '
look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
well-written
entertain
it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon
practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
kicks into gear
not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
danish cows
, but also intriguing and honorable ,
entirely suspenseful , extremely
is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
its magic
beautifully edited
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films
new kind
pleasures
co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard
a huge box-office
good and different
polished , well-structured film
ecstasy
the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
the brilliant performances by testud
and more entertaining , too
never fails to fascinate .
inventive cinematic tricks and
that pours into every frame
cultural satire
enveloping affection
puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible
's mildly sentimental
is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards
uniquely itself
uncommonly ambitious
you 'll have a good time with this one too
of such a well loved classic
created a substantive movie
, beautifully produced film
solid acting and a neat premise
ballsy
, astonish and entertain
the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
very much like life
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate
an intimate feeling ,
an honored screen veteran
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat
does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience
a sweet-tempered comedy
a fine documentary
jacquot preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here ,
intricately structured and well-realized drama
proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
is clearly a good thing .
thrill you , touch you and make you
written so well ,
i found myself howling more than cringing
the best he 's been in years
speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand
the overall fabric is hypnotic ,
great deal
it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny
smile
'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for
naturalistic
larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller
, tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
gives us a reason to care about them
savor the story
winter landscapes
eat up
shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us ,
psychologically savvy .
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it
dramatic impact
however entertainingly presented ,
illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box
poignant and funny .
the funniest moments
impeccable sense
a pleasing verisimilitude
be quirky and funny
by ryan gosling
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years .
can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change
that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination
a powerful and telling story that examines
it 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument ,
enhanced
best possible ways
for the perspective it offers
compelling historical tale
venturesome
it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
vibrant , and intelligent
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .
wall-to-wall good time
's just brilliant in this
, ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
his strongest performance since the doors
most refreshing about real women have curves
's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy
raucously amusing
marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today
as sexy
fun , curiously adolescent movie
it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii .
while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine ,
addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian
it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
what 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
is both gripping and compelling
that 's right
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
leaving you with some laughs and a smile
timeless and unique perspective
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .
to a small star with big heart
seen in that light
string
new star wars movie
be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
fairly enjoyable mixture
exhilarating
turn on many people
celebrates
a sweet little girl
the awe
proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems
the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists
funnier version of the old police academy flicks
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then
, sweet , and intermittently hilarious
's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism
that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis
satisfying crime drama
refreshing and comical
more watchable
a hilarious ode
you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .
fresh or enjoyable
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written
keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
excitement
part biography , part entertainment and
high-wattage brainpower
are ... impeccable throughout
surprisingly idealistic
is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher
its courageousness , and comedic employment
take on the soullessness of work
michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` are we a sick society ? '
the film is one of the year 's best .
is merited
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .
preachy-keen
intriguing twist
's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free
a superlative b movie
's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film .
for laughs and not the last time
single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid ,
real
drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
leguizamo 's best movie work
eager to please
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .
a winning piece
the historical , philosophical
a much larger historical context
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .
might enjoy this
funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful
from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
a funny moment or two
great one
rock and stolid anthony hopkins
an exceptionally
that interest attal and gainsbourg
patriotic
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ...
illuminating comedy
a ravishing , baroque beauty
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor ,
best and most exciting movies
of discovery
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .
is both inspiring and pure joy .
will all but take you to outer space
is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .
not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and
make it look as though they are having so much fun
one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
a very funny romantic comedy
feel genuinely good
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout
a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 .
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers
so insatiable
postcard perfect ,
to its proper home
warm and fuzzy
good ideas
a strict reality
... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
light ( yet unsentimental )
will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture
a funny , triumphant , and
well worth revisiting as many times as possible
shakespeare 's eloquent language
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films
onto the end credits
scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references
from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair
to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and
makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
a blast
quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
i suspect it might deliver again and again
simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy
good alternative
, genuine
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication
draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
berling and béart ... continue to impress , and isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay
you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
christmas spirit
scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances
it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless
a movie-industry satire
, biting and witty feature
honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction .
it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
constant smiles and
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .
creative team
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s.
growing strain
of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection
terrific flair
when it 's this rich and luscious
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
spiritual film taps
is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .
of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm
that is all the more remarkable because it
this laughable dialogue
how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head
a detailed historical document ,
flavors and emotions
even the bull gets recycled .
same sledgehammer appeal
displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard
perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d
spectacularly
this world more complex
, the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
sucks you
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord
, finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee
winning comedy
nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
by drawing me into the picture
yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
is interested
otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists
will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating
masterfully controlled
enriched
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
right
they are having so much fun
superb production values & christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot .
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
its audience giddy with the delight of discovery
has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
to make a big splash
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack
charming and
a laugh
... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16
of b-movie excitement
, powerful act
its relaxed ,
is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often
that came to define a generation
smarter than your average bond
a live-wire film that
` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict ,
elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .
the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
technical skill and rare depth
of virtuosic set pieces
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism ,
a work of enthralling drama
's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .
if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
the wake of saving private ryan
that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front
great monster/science fiction flicks
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters ,
gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching
is a very good viewing alternative for young women
better hip-hop clips
a host of splendid performances
that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
del
deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still ,
above the run-of-the-mill singles blender
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
phenomenal , especially
quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout
all too clever complexity
slightly naughty , just-above-average off
carvey 's considerable talents
wiser
notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress
a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications
emotional evolution
's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .
a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
, the production works more often than it does n't .
that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
especially fine
are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .
smoky and
does justice
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle
memorable and resourceful performances
do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some
's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii
done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago
a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances '
an unseemly pleasure
who re-invents himself
is brilliant
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
beautifully read and
of romantic obsession
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation
of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph
going to love the piano teacher
spiked with raw urban humor
is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects
pleasingly upbeat
sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest
a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power
endearing and well-lensed
a deeply humanistic artist
not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
created a provocative ,
fontaine masterfully
juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films
it 's a big idea
the shadows of motown
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time
can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
would n't turn down a big bowl of that
stimulating and
complicated characters
smoothly
to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking
having so much fun
kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
seldom hammy
bravery and integrity
slapstick
makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
a native american
twenty years later , e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone .
the answers
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say
like a 10-course banquet
darling
colorful , semimusical
finally revel in its splendor
touching and tender
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust
finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
the brave , uninhibited performances
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly
is certainly worth seeing at least once
played and smartly
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over
actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
it 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
's still damn funny stuff
an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
justifies
richly
another cool crime movie
mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles ,
love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
a better vehicle
it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
red dragon '' never cuts corners .
the beast should definitely get top billing
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
choreographed
will leave you thinking
enjoy the hot chick
intense and engrossing
'' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings
encouraging thought
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and
that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma
a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt
will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
eloquent ( meditation ) on death
that deals with first love sweetly
delight your senses and
is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .
it 's also one of the smartest
the picture in some evocative shades
humor , warmth
astonishing ...
touching good sense
a film of quiet power .
very valuable film
offers some flashy twists
touched
moments of hilarity to be had
whatever complaints i might have , i 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time .
, singing , and unforgettable characters
to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
make a gorgeous pair ...
want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
rightly
layered , well-developed characters
into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill
features some decent performances
gem
one fantastic ( and educational ) documentary .
( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be ,
find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination
add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale
most intense psychological mysteries
princesses
shine
a captivating and intimate study
what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians
more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and
to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground
hence , storytelling is far more appealing
imagination and insight
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue
the formula feel fresh
clever
that writer and director burr steers knows the territory
a truly wonderful tale
goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
of diverse political perspectives
be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama
recommend secretary ,
gorgeous film
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .
may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
the best possible senses of both those words
intense
scenic splendor
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops '
most intriguing movie experiences
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's
by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music
the subject matter is as adult as you can get
has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and
a sharper , cleaner script
an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
the one that i want
expanded vision
are very , very good reasons for certain movies
a small movie with a big heart
of the universal themes , earnest performances
a life interestingly
surprising , subtle
seduce and
strong and unforced supporting cast
that this bold move works
teeth-clenching gusto
action scenes
is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .
meal
make a huge action sequence
combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .
vibrant and intoxicating
fresh ,
the power of the huston performance ,
articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy
importance
full well
with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
stand out
priceless
huge-screen
looks
of its sweeping battle scenes
a fiercely clever and subtle film
communicate the truth of the world
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it )
one of the world 's most fascinating stories
romp of a film .
sensitive ensemble performances
delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama
does such a good job of it
, alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
an intense and engrossing head-trip
has no affect on the kurds
enjoyable level
a hint
a terrific performance
fully engaged supporting cast
is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times
strong , measured work
a marginal thumbs up
symbolic
the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking ,
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .
welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful ,
sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness
sundance festival
makes it a party worth attending
... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
glitz
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point
boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
the amazing spider-man
all-enveloping movie experience
of trashy , kinky fun
engrossing entertainment
animation enthusiasts
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list '
snow white
friends
smile-button
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
the franchise 's best years
wilde 's wit and
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball .
'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense
his smooth , shrewd , powerful act
the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .
much ado about something is an amicable endeavor .
uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
, this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
victorious revolutionaries
the cleverness ,
's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
hilariously , gloriously alive
boxes these women 's souls right open for us
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but
strangely sinister happy ending
the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion
adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros .
enough innovation or pizazz
edge or
seldom hammy ,
should never forget
elaborate choreography
is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half
help increase an average student 's self-esteem
wryly
well-rounded
collectively stellar performance
fully realized story
overly original
the intoxicating fumes and
whether or not you buy mr. broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
really special walk
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music
documentarian
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater ,
trust an audience 's intelligence
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but
excites the imagination and
is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects
that is masterly
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches .
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation
gorgeous , passionate
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit
it entertaining
the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness
, old-fashioned-movie movie
finely tuned
trashy , kinky fun
wicked black comedy
star trek was kind of terrific once ,
translate well to the screen
allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
yank
visually smart
evelyn comes from the heart .
it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
is good ,
worth the concentration
regards reign of fire with awe .
one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
what makes the film special
the charms of the lead performances
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
a high note
this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
funny performers
exuberance in all
to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning
and suspenseful argentinian thriller
transparently
majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph .
have sprung from such a great one
the most practiced curmudgeon
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .
competent
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma
a high-spirited buddy movie
thoroughly enjoyable
one of the rarest kinds of films :
good documentary
but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
creepy stories
appealing character quirks
its relaxed
compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out
i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
in chilling style
belongs on the big screen
keep - 'em
'll still have a good time . ''
strong and confident work
this saga would be terrific to read about
audience award
, life-affirming moments
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .
from blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge '
despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .
very welcome
making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary ,
( a ) devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .
some real vitality and even
me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters
olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .
is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
catches the chaotic horror
an action hero with table manners ,
why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers
invented
a funny and well-contructed black comedy
swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros
the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true .
makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .
beautiful , timeless and universal tale
at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life
a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus
entertainingly nasty
is pure , exciting moviemaking
arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact
' appeared in 1938
love its fantasy and adventure
of kitsch hard going
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme
among the best films of the year .
your reward
find it fascinating
is pleasant , diverting and modest
expand a tv show
lifting the pedestal higher
is so fascinating
pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences
a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling
( an ) absorbing documentary .
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .
as the novel on which it 's based
what bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .
smart jokes
leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious
honoring
hoffman 's powerful acting clinic
who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
a low , smoky and inviting sizzle
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ... hence , storytelling is far more appealing .
its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale
great scares and a good surprise ending
funny and pithy
emerges a radiant character portrait
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past .
unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
a solid , spooky entertainment
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '
deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history .
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet
has moments of inspired humor
color and depth , and
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .
, spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable
extreme ops '' exceeds expectations .
does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
, martin is a masterfully conducted work .
beautiful movement and inside information
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good ,
a movie ever could be
but it 's surprisingly harmless .
grounded
a light , fun cheese puff
a feel-good movie
those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
immersed in love , lust , and sin
what saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
its own cuteness
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
trying to please his mom
boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival
very enjoyable
, wonderful
bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game ,
love and familial
the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
happened to good actors
sparse but oddly compelling .
maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling
white-knuckled
decent tv outing
an engaging and exciting narrative
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless .
to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry
less psycho
have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen
attractive
that stands a good chance of being the big
for cryin '
very well shot or
all comedy is subversive ,
powerfully evocative
a sweet , charming tale
there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael
to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .
'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set
a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion
once playful and haunting
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph
universal human impulse
the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .
has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier
, confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
slightly humorous and tender story
, intermittently powerful study
is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .
an actor this uncharismatically beautiful
take center screen
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
share it
the historical period and
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .
it 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones
seeking christian-themed fun
lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
stirs us
almost never fails him
exceptionally well-acted
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and
an unforgettable
of the world 's greatest teacher
moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp
the timeless spectacle
graham greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
powerful people
heartening tale
a bonus feature
the one-liners are snappy
motivated
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .
takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema
, for that matter , shrek )
high-octane thriller
a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery
that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way
returns to his son 's home
extravagantly
so beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
compelling look
the film is well-crafted and this one is
good chance
one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
is a children 's film in the truest sense .
are often engaging
swedish
memorable and resourceful
thrilled
by superb
stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
one of the best rock documentaries ever .
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet
there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .
higher level
is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
night out
's not half-bad .
catches you up in something bigger than yourself
brilliant surfing photography
that proves you
the most splendid
is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising
's an entertaining and informative documentary
-- and deeply appealing
most personal
although fairly involving as far as it goes
, the film is a good one
a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie
an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...
a masterfully
supplies with tremendous skill
unusually crafty and intelligent
perfect
so much fun
that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life
prefer this new version
, and to her inventive director
educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
us all
the cat 's meow
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre
admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
instructive
right at home in this french shocker
one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works ,
leaves a positive impression
of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts
no business going
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake ,
a hazy high
of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke
their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
to perform entertaining tricks
a provocative piece
as good , if not
the actors make this worth a peek .
its own making
politically potent
does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
delivers more goodies than lumps of coal
emphasizes the well-wrought story and
marked an emerging indian american cinema
family , forgiveness and love
touching ,
even through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple .
more measured or polished production
super-simple animation
tosca 's intoxicating ardor
point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover
as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac
a good line in charm
such a companionable couple
95 minutes
quirkily appealing
elegant and sly deadpan
` gentle '
will find millions of eager fans
may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
is an uncompromising film
offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
open windows
value can not be denied
represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good
smart , compelling
this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout
is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear
proves to be a compelling
terrific screenplay
more ambitious
seems worth the effort
to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
, boredom never takes hold .
exhilarating
great story
of faith in the future
movie gauge
gloriously
providing comic relief
gentle and engrossing character
an undeniable entertainment value
invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
about something is an amicable endeavor .
an excellent sequel .
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic
impressively discreet filmmakers
's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
provides
insight and humor
has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation
this film 's impressive performances and
raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up
feel realistic
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot
fans will undoubtedly enjoy it ,
the most ravaging ,
have at it
seamless
re-invents himself
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point
its sincere acting
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that
balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
the impressive stagings of hardware
stimulating
did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
two hours better watching
is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
creative act
hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
check this one out
sparkling
never so vividly
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
stand-up magic
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong
the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes
create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
goose-pimple
to see what all the fuss is about
some savvy street activism
, she 's appealingly manic and energetic .
also nicely done
a pretty decent little documentary
an intricate plot
much of jonah simply , and gratefully
humor and technological finish
so lovely toward the end
give it a boost
fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
is one of the year 's best films .
who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran .
intellectual and
engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2
its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm
made a point or two regarding life
is entirely appealing as pumpkin
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
this odd , poetic road movie ,
also wanted a little alien as a friend !
sets the tone for a summer of good stuff
with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective
at the end that extravagantly redeems it
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and
snagged an oscar nomination
decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him
par with the first one
coos beseechingly at you
the hot chick is pretty damned funny .
approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor
few good ideas
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched
inspiring , ironic , and
is astonishing .
have put together a bold biographical fantasia
of the best , most
made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate
new age
intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary
a great piece
quirky , charming
is a beautiful film to watch
feel-good family comedy
you love the music , and i do
ensures
a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people
is particularly impressive
has enough moments to keep it entertaining
from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground
stylish exercise
is a must for genre fans
enthusiastic
timelessness
that you feel what they feel
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia
the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock
barbershop is tuned in to its community .
rated eee for excitement
its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time
as compelling
is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying
, great to look at , and funny
finds its tone and several scenes run
're gon na like this movie
attractive throughout
the rarest kinds of films
accomplishes
are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack
that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
strong itch to explore more
an intense experience
, so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
a must-see
breaks your heart
very original
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling
so hilarious
an undeniably moving film
compelling , amusing and unsettling
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man
that will enthrall the whole family
in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way --
enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins
supporting
excite
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
the energetic and always surprising performance
brady
good laughs
's brilliant ` videodrome
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie
enough to feel good about
that has something to say
enjoy as mild escapism
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and
is to be mesmerised
tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
great performances ,
jim carrey
furiously funny pace
dare i say , entertaining
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and
feel ` stoked
work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns
but film buffs should get to know
it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .
can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
those farts got to my inner nine-year-old
messenger
starts slowly , but adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying .
this all works out
shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
festival
some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh
it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun
magical enough
an exquisite , unfakable sense
a little wit
sleek
an exceptional thriller
a good ear for dialogue ,
who could too easily become comic relief in any other film --
it 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
it 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
, the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
a pleasing way
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
damned wonderful
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm
if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .
promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili
blond honeys
'll enjoy this movie
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
, is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
a taste for the quirky
extraordinary debut
a life-affirming message
mean it 's good enough for our girls
roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph
the rare imax movie that you 'll wish
acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world
inspiring , ironic ,
their children
earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .
most impressive
labyrinthine
this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby
these things
powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
success
things so nice
` film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . '
on cue
really funny movie
gaining much momentum
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and
why it works
now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud .
fun or energy
offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film
undeniably moving film
was more diverting and thought-provoking
consistently sensitive and often exciting
enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
articulates a flood of emotion .
intelligent and deeply
with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message
nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot
bring on the battle bots , please
attracts the young and fit
kid-empowerment fantasy
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project ,
sucks you in and dares you not to believe it
takes the most unexpected material
sly humor
leftovers
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic
stomach-knotting suspense
what sets ms. birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
her fearlessness
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .
new or interesting
address his own world war ii experience in his signature style
confront it
rae
of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
the arguments
still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
emotionally at least )
are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
eye-catching
the world 's most fascinating stories
eloquently
a cult favorite
rather special
good race
amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media
enough laughs to sustain interest to the end
( fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall ) show us the world they love and make
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups
darkly funny and frequently insightful
essential
jeong-hyang lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
seems as funny
will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
it tight and nasty
( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .
bolado credit for good intentions
ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
her feature film
best and
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but
fantastic dual performance
beautifully sung
will be impressed by this tired retread
... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
to crack a smile at
barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth
its excellent storytelling , its economical
its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse
marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows
a sweet treasure and something
is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and
director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill
pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative
turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
neil burger here succeeded in
graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake
that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet
gorgeous
to overcome my resistance
near-masterpiece
makes the movie fresh
it 's better than the phantom menace .
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating ,
crypt
likely to leave a lasting impression
goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
and intermittently hilarious
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .
to be somebody , and to belong to somebody
the film is a pleasant enough dish .
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast ,
the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country
best korean film
the movie could be released in this condition
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together
an overwhelmingly positive portrayal
to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
a real filmmaker 's eye
this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
rap and r&b names
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema
great performances
( a ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .
a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire
leather
does `` lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan .
poetry , passion , and genius
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
add up to a satisfying crime drama .
keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over
a fascinating literary mystery story
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
jeff 's ) gorgeous
of director abel ferrara
very entertaining
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment
for two movies
a dream image
rare film
a heavyweight film
both thematic content and narrative strength
the large cast is solid
come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago
to enjoy for a lifetime
affectionately goofy satire
are to ourselves and each other
stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
dialogue and inventive moments
a cinematic poem
its drastic iconography
, the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking ,
full of the kind of energy it 's documenting
can be considered work
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair
psychological
break free of her old life
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man
a gem of a movie
it one of the best war movies ever made
's smooth and professional
a lovely trifle
at the helm
radiant
not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .
marvelously entertaining
as do the girls ' amusing personalities
is somewhat problematic
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design
explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day
... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
outdoes its spectacle .
credible account
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .
real winner
very talented young actors
was , by its moods , and by its subtly
a clarity of purpose and even-handedness
love story
puts an exclamation point
remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
perfectly creepy and believable
say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
, insightfully human
like ` praise the lord
a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion
high romance ,
the top of their lungs
breakthrough
is extremely funny ,
written for no one
the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile
a definitive account of eisenstein 's life
an entertainment destination
overflowing
eye-catching art direction
sons , loyalty and duty
some fine acting
the honor
overcome its weaknesses
parker displays in freshening the play
making this character understandable ,
that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock
more chillingly effective
the best-sustained ideas
so special
allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
the few ` cool ' actors
grand locations
's a cool event for the whole family
is that it 's actually watchable
the right choice
ultimately winning story
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success .
the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and
schnieder
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .
made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers
most wondrously
, and gently tedious in its comedy
, sophisticated film
hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but
thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards .
struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
see a romance this smart
insightful
, crowd-pleasing goals
earnestness remarkably well
equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
is still quite good-natured
scare the pants
most ingenious film
mildly interesting
have to see it .
exploits ( headbanger ) stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
fun to watch
to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations
it 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .
as its larger themes
star performances
hyper-realistic
for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while
a philosophical visual coming right
freshness and modesty
often surprising
( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn .
much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...
crafted film
generosity and diplomacy
relevant today
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
some real vitality and
both heartbreaking and
local
makes him the film 's moral compass
it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it
distinguishes
combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream .
of the charm and little
... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
the fans are often funny fanatics
piercing intellect
make the formula feel fresh
satisfyingly unsettling
so unabashedly hopeful
's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck
as it is hard to resist
very real
in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped
small part thanks
here 's a fun one .
mildly amusing
wise and powerful
skillfully assembled , highly polished and
from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat
make for some robust and scary entertainment
parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
one of the most interesting writer/directors working today
have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face
the most watchable film of the year
above-average brains
the film has ( its ) moments , but
a visual spectacle
is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
unforced continuation
both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
, e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
an admirable storyteller
of perversity , comedy and romance
be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time
have a good time here
her share of the holiday box office pie
unequivocally
will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes
is spectacular
zinger-filled crowd-pleaser
, the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
astonish and
photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time
genial and
carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance
be a passable date film
in its own floundering way , it gets to you .
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while
beginnings
anything sandler
still committed to growth in his ninth decade
about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying
is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
's well worth spending some time with
the unconditional love she seeks
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .
as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale
light-hearted way
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination
is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
, everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill .
rediscovers
exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation
worth a peek
support the premise other than fling gags at it
the perfect material
combines two surefire , beloved genres
finds warmth in the coldest environment and
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man
wondrous
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs
there are moments of hilarity to be had .
as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter '
sustains it beautifully
betting her third feature will be something to behold
final , beautiful scene
its élan
a testament to the integrity and vision of the band
has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player
worth a look
perry 's good and his is an interesting character
might just be the movie you 're looking for .
meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults
genuinely bone-chilling
that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies
unusual , food-for-thought cinema
is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
psychological and philosophical
about full frontal
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors
talented enough and
the very best of them
thrills ,
's attracting audiences to unfaithful
impressively delicate range
distinguished actor
pays off and is effective if you stick with it
, joyous romp of a film .
a stunning technical achievement
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow
shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
extremely funny
are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
good news
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .
worth seeing
the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations
ca n't recommend it enough
vivid performances
evokes a palpable sense
that this film 's cast is uniformly superb
reef
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching
, i love it ... hell , i dunno .
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem .
so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .
lot funnier
the filmmaking in invincible
their luster
cool visual backmasking
change tables
finely
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman
, the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
sustains interest
spirited away is a triumph of imagination
demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon
fun
most compelling performance
then triple x marks the spot .
mr. koshashvili is a director to watch .
a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama
a movie about the power of poetry and passion
, the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children .
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one
most sincere and artful
is infectious .
appreciated
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based
symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
with sharp ears and eyes
has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded
to keep it interested
to care about them
outright bodice-ripper
a graceful , moving tribute
is a feast for the eyes .
a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience
oscar-worthy performance
finally , the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
the power of polanski 's film
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games .
a joint promotion for the national basketball association and
a changing world
eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness
superior
succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
genuinely inspirational
besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man
is a remarkably accessible and haunting film
is nicely shot ,
as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream
nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .
well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
laugh-out-loud
a provocative
it weirdly appealing
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life
sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
plotting
has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design
of crudup 's anchoring performance
goofiness
moving and solidly entertaining
it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
is well crafted , and well executed .
resurrection
different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
the best ,
found in almost all of his previous works
truly excellent
director to watch
sharp and quick
warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it
the magnificent jackie chan
winning performances
its love of life and beauty
the the wisdom and humor of its subjects
the town has kind of an authentic feel
entirely believable
that old adage about women being unknowable
have potential as a cult film
sunny disposition
excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh
ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
wisdom
does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence
is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone
is so resolutely
hilariously , gloriously alive , and
true to its title
glory days
puts a human face
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat
, then by all means check it out .
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit
as a tribute
a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ?
of the conflict that came to define a generation
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .
that are quite touching
i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed .
two central performances
are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster .
affluence
joyous
then blood work is for you .
, frida gets the job done .
against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting
may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season
ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
splash
of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness
both the scenic splendor
i saw it as a young boy
you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes
starts out
the situation in a well-balanced fashion
which was shot two years ago
will keep coming
proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look
the company 's astonishing growth
's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .
picture-perfect life
master class .
junior-high
finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score
promisingly
there , done that
who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
what makes the movie special
is so fascinating that you wo n't care .
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .
does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre
a better movie
's always enthralling .
affirms
formuliac , but fun .
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 .
to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago
well-done
fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew
dialogue and likeable characters
part biography , part entertainment and part history
is nothing short of a great one .
a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
comedy ensemble
brilliant movie
polished ,
works more often than it does n't .
at least passably
showing off his doctorate
a delightful comedy
at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself
a patient viewer
