hide new secretions from the parental units
contains no wit , only labored gags
remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout
on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment
a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
goes to absurd lengths
for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
the part where nothing 's happening ,
saw how bad this movie was
lend some dignity to a dumb story
cold movie
redundant concept
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic
which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish ,
the action is stilted
will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
by far the worst movie of the year
sit through ,
oblivious to the existence of this film
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .
sometimes dry
as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count
a $ 40 million version of a game
as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist
disappointments
the horrors
many pointless
contrived , well-worn situations
a doa
poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
far less sophisticated and
no apparent joy
shot on ugly digital video
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ? ''
though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
we never feel anything for these characters
's a lousy one at that
the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
of the most highly-praised disappointments i
sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
to the dustbin of history
as a director , eastwood is off his game
weak and
skip this dreck ,
contains very few laughs and even less surprises
, though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer
strung-together moments
overbearing and over-the-top
yet this grating showcase
addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
build some robots , haul 'em to the theater with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
do n't work in concert
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling ,
altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
grievous but
after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
hopeless
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .
are n't many conclusive answers in the film
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment ,
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
just too silly
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and
irritates and
collapse
( vainly , i think )
is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
absolutely and completely ridiculous and
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story
no lika da
just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar
justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau
about as interesting
overlong , and bombastic
derivative and hammily
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .
think of this dog of a movie
those so-so films that could have been much better
i hate it .
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting
in this wildly uneven movie
like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic .
, plodding picture
the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
lost in the translation this time
a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments
inane and awful
told in scattered fashion
believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects
only thing to fear about `` fear dot com ''
whole mess
a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3
very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors
the , yes , snail-like pacing
an extremely unpleasant film .
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ...
are all things we 've seen before
as predictable as the tides
, unassuming , subordinate
the horror
a dim
, vicious and absurd
because he acts so goofy all the time
as a dentist 's waiting room
amazingly lame .
confessions may not be a straightforward bio
seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little
the story is bogus and
ugly as the shabby digital photography
understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
frida is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance .
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one )
carnage and
degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage
second fiddle
about the folly of superficiality that is itself
serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination .
, esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it
a setup so easy it borders on facile
a thoroughly awful movie
look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves
breezy , distracted rhythms
than this mess
two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up
no new plot conceptions
essentially a collection of bits --
does n't bode well for the rest of it
usual worst
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .
scant
too ludicrous
ultra-cheesy dialogue
handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama
's not very good either .
in her most charmless
everything about girls ca n't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
ugly digital video
rather choppy
becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates
is worse :
horrifying
mourns her tragedies in private
the action scenes are poorly delivered
it 's so bad
so bad
dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum
does n't leave you with much .
marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
is less successful on other levels
he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes
a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
, it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process
taboo subject matter
utterly incompetent conclusion
run for cover
low budget
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , ''
a giant step backward
just copies
from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own
this frozen tundra soap opera
is simply too overdone
try and evade
far tamer
is never any question of how things will turn out
only open new wounds
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure
sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse
with no reason for being
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's
of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls
come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count
, partisans and sabotage
gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .
this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass
schticky
( less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so
the stomach-turning violence
could use a little more humanity
not everything
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller
a bad idea from frame one
volletta wallace 's maternal fury
atop wooden dialogue
that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony
it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama
feeble comedy .
an insult to every family
it is essentially empty
of the film 's problems
makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama
is not even half the interest .
never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding
right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ?
the energy it takes to describe how bad it is
wait to see it then .
comatose ballerinas
of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
formulaic equations
simply stupid , irrelevant
a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and
seem weird and distanced
plodding mess
the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
of dishonesty
as bestial
as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
, they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
her bully of a husband
gaghan ... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters
stale retread
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
with fewer gags to break the tedium
overbearing and
deep deceptions
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ...
is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through
a bad blend
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .
war movies
the cliché-laden screenplay
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse
, and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's ,
ransacks
lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
book report
leave the theater
spousal abuse
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing ,
anyone who suffers through this film
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas
underachiever
dime-store ruminations
, reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake !
whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes .
'll cry for your money back
is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
like max rothman 's future , does not work .
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and
bad run
may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless
time bombs
the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
a sour taste in one 's mouth
... familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc .
responsible for one of the worst movies of one year
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived
human darkness
understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen
's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 )
ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
a doubt
maudlin or
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
the wan , thinly sketched story
this romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
it 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
, future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
a philosophical void
unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense
hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
hopelessly juvenile
required to give this comic slugfest some heart
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention
feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
no explanation
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be
a bargain-basement european pickup
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .
spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek )
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own
it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success .
obscenely bad
devastatingly
i do n't see the point
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard
stiff or just plain bad
has no point
of isolation and frustration
of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
father cliché
domestic tension and unhappiness
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable
inexpressible and drab wannabe
the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and
to hate
turned down
undramatic
the pile of useless actioners
does not work .
it is n't merely offensive
the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
emotional seesawing
target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire
a pretty listless collection
have been called freddy gets molested by a dog
moody male hustler
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels
which is mostly a bore
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .
... the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead .
the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes --
( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop is n't as funny as it should be .
that the only rip off that we were aware of
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time
's that painful .
american beauty reeks
clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
without any of its sense of fun or energy
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply
an all-time low
is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood .
low on both suspense and payoff
would tax einstein 's brain .
's its first sign of trouble
ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution
wedding feels a bit anachronistic .
been lost in the translation this time
the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion
remains oddly detached
go down with a ship as leaky
make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok
a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking
this thing is virtually unwatchable .
would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
exaggerated and
takes a really long , slow and dreary time
humorless
bite
amounts to little more than punishment .
makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
grotesque narcissism
it wore me down
be so stupid
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie .
from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american
the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence
does not live up to its style
first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
worst sense
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard
overplayed
should be poignant
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
mug shots
the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
haute
ugly and
a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name
've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
well to cram earplugs
who is simply tired
it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin
emaciated flick
jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
point at things that explode into flame
has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie
sometimes confusing
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .
to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
the folly of superficiality that is itself
lumbering load
a 95-minute commercial for nba properties
though many of these guys are less than adorable
is deadly dull
inferior
loud , ugly , irritating movie
lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
impossible task
lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail
somehow snagged an oscar nomination
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
neither is it as smart
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire
come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films
is it hokey
as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
that 's hardly any fun to watch
from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and
i do n't think so .
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking
great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
bile , and irony
a faulty premise ,
haphazardness
the plot grows thin soon ,
crossing-over mumbo jumbo
virtually unwatchable
who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations .
pitiful , slapdash disaster .
crippled
this piece of crap
miserable and smug
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .
down the reality drain
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
a historic scandal
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances
their lamentations are pretty much self-centered
would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
insistent and repetitive
nausea
no art
seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece
more silly than scary
you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance
underdeveloped
the jokes are flat
do we really need the tiger beat version ?
the disadvantage of also looking cheap
churn out one mediocre movie after another
this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .
cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names
then just fell apart
despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
is awful .
like `` horrible '' and `` terrible
is off-putting
gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
this film biggest problem ?
it 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
it plainly has no business going
stereotypical caretakers
waster '
no place for this story to go but down
are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay
flat ,
much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
than losers
comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
flashy , overlong soap
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
, dopey old
the star who helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead
quickly becomes a tiresome cliché
be completely forgettable
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence
a bland animated sequel
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and
trouble every day is a plodding mess .
to be consumed and forgotten
, the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
its one-sidedness
uneven film
is n't heated properly , so that it ends up
tried as a war criminal
to make such a worthless film
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ...
what a reckless squandering
like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story
by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen
time-consuming
is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films .
the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake
the film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
of anti-semitism ever seen on screen
ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
questionable
gaps in their relationships
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .
badly edited
run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through
i am baffled by jason x.
is not first-rate
comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice
blab
is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
and a terrible story
's that painful
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks .
of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd
, the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
an uninspired preachy and clichéd war film .
it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer
one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio
( seagal 's ) strenuous attempt at a change in expression
promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
in a grisly sort of way
nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
more frustrating
lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse
of sleaziness
this too-long , spoofy update
shoddy male hip hop fantasy
, cynical
like puppies with broken legs
knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
as if by cattle prod
struggling
all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
dreadfulness
it 's not very interesting .
out
it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
humor in i spy is so anemic .
the by now intolerable morbidity
it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
seem tired and ,
one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed
help overcome the problematic script .
as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .
drowned me
a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon )
haneke 's script ( from elfriede jelinek 's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
, scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
a screwed-up man
rumblings
lightweight filmmaking
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
hackneyed concepts
remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats )
wickedly undramatic
an evil , monstrous lunatic
excruciatingly tedious
beyond redemption
sleep-inducing
never rises above mediocrity
farts
've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
hackneyed and meanspirited
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
the unacceptable
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .
shockingly bad
run of the mill
is n't a very
is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
spies
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos ,
the writing and direction to the soggy performances
unfunny
plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
straight from the saturday morning cartoons
least
thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
dying a slow death
lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
vaporize from your memory minutes
decrepit
two guys yelling in your face for two hours
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth
is not handled well
suffocating
stink
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch
( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really
in a standard plot
b movies
be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
for pretentious arts majors
reek of a script
bottom tier
a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
of this dog of a movie
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story .
yet depressing film
descends into such message-mongering moralism
fall fast asleep
virtually no aftertaste
inane and unimaginative
self-absorbed
intolerable company
talky , artificial and opaque
underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .
convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons
is too long with too little going on
you can smell the grease on the plot
human impulses that grew hideously twisted
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged
often overwritten
nearly impossible
offers no new insight on the matter
tastelessness and gall
bad action-movie line
contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive
the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way
any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly
of run-of-the-mill profanity
feel like three hours .
is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
laughably
of bland hotels , highways , parking lots
with a large dose of painkillers
wastes
, mind-numbingly , indescribably bad
menacing
incessantly
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers .
that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy ,
as funny nor
lacks balance
hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild
revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
despicable characters
, director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
a markedly inactive film
exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise
the gratuitous cinematic distractions
does n't work because there is no foundation for it
makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .
inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
is very difficult
is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical
, this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .
to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo
impossibly contrived situations
fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals
others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
impersonal and abstract
-- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona
star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
that even its target audience talked all the way through it
prickly indie comedy
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course
and crude film
could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
sanctimonious , self-righteous and
one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
is why anybody picked it up .
like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok
seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick
that takes itself all too seriously
even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel
the piano teacher is not an easy film .
of carnage
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious
features nonsensical and laughable plotting
served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick
's plenty to offend everyone
reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans
worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
, the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone
both shrill and soporific , and because everything
sinister
than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
aground
for that comes through all too painfully in the execution
counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget
an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe
little more than a well-mounted history lesson .
no surprises
crawls along
sure mainstream audiences will be baffled
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
lonely
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but
, cry and realize ,
from a ploddingly melodramatic structure
to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other
you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines
queasy-stomached
the ` ick ' in ` classic
very choppy and monosyllabic
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur
rage
as tiresome as 9
does not work
that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment
anemic ,
the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution
is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
by cliches , painful improbability and murky points
tossed off
this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism
sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place
to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
unrecoverable
commercialism all in the same movie
a cheap scam
once one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters --
originality is sorely lacking .
especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
idiocy
sappiness
loose
's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
neither romantic nor comedic
the movie dawdle
with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs
a complete waste of time
largely devoid
to cheesier to cheesiest
of last summer 's bloated effects
a low-budget series on a uhf channel
proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast
someone made off with your wallet
dodge this one
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it .
this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and
clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way
construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
to break the tedium
the ridiculousness
's not that funny
inhuman cinematic punishment
pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema
play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story
so second-rate
a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay
a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse
tootsie knockoff .
britney spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
unfortunately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does .
than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
huge gap
a non-mystery mystery .
loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera
with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies
is that it does n't make any sense
a talky bore
somewhat cumbersome
* corpus and its amiable jerking
bland murder-on-campus
tear your eyes away
the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and
to no particularly memorable effect
ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
highly predictable narrative
, you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
none-too-original
a stultifyingly obvious one
it 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
the strain is all too evident
unlike
upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period
painful and
dismiss -- moody
sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role
the fetid underbelly of fame
, i would go back and choose to skip it .
expected
of war-torn croatia
that few will bother thinking it all through
want my money back .
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting
is off .
incessant
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be
witless and utterly pointless .
loose , poorly structured
examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less
just does n't add up .
pomposity
never catches fire
the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ...
all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability
as the long-faced sad sack
all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones
negativity
's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except ,
a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous
to shine through the gloomy film noir veil
the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian
the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
vulgar , sexist , racist humor
enough to give you brain strain
this bad
in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise
ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops
a complete mess
's impossible to care
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful -
terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
sometimes improbable story
sitting open too long
the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea
a peculiar malaise
its cheesy screenplay
never really busts out of its comfy little cell
is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring
entertaining enough , but nothing new
leaden and
that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned
notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document
useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs
a laughable -- or rather
but unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
burdened by the actor
an unchanged dullard
when there 's nothing else happening
on cable
far from a groundbreaking endeavor
it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
wewannour money back , actually .
animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and
churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects
the crap
sodden and glum
i did n't laugh .
it has its faults
were already tired
cruel story
pretentious mess
ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
derivative , overlong , and bombastic
the high infidelity
not a word of english
just too silly and
impressive and yet lacking about everything
starving and untalented
gets clunky on the screen
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita '' .
to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
fails to rise above its disgusting source material
so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks
disappoints
difficult for the audience
utterly misplaced
the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were
been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers ,
is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors
were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
` blade ii ' just does n't cut it
seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings
) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge
that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout
and self-conscious seams
the weird thing
despite its visual virtuosity , ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
so low in a poorly
is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
because it overstays its natural running time
are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams
a finale that is impenetrable and dull
a text to ` lick ,
like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101
as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
feels like three hours
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance
very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact
pale xerox of other , better crime movies
one baaaaaaaaad movie
unfunny
we get the comedy we settle for .
hoary
'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it
, as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
an unimaginative screenwriter 's
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes
a mess as this one
essentially ruined -- or , rather ,
a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative ,
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
the rope snaps
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
, longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
sad ending
critical
here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
what they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .
... silly humbuggery ...
typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
, ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes .
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .
death , especially
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level
the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this
the film 's plot may be shallow
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment .
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work
a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather
are uncomfortably strained .
make the film more silly than scary ,
has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .
huge disappointment coming
the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
entirely witless
is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material
ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places ,
a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
obscenity
stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies
tepid
the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
give each other the willies
( lee ) treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant
's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work
oversimplification , superficiality and silliness
overproduced
if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags
though he only scratches the surface
awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
lingering questions about what the film is really getting at
an ` action film ' mired in stasis
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
carried out by men of marginal intelligence ,
that the plot makes no sense
too bad none of it is funny .
can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end
bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
america 's thirst for violence
so horrendously confusing
avarice
when you 're a struggling nobody
talkiness
`` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
cookie-cutter action scenes
to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade
a pale imitation
withered
pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report
writing , skewed characters ,
crawl up your own ***
there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .
folds under its own thinness .
itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
, sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
did i miss something ?
a porno flick
simply by accident
nothing special
never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
this movie 's lack of ideas
cynicism
take an entirely stale concept and
is an all-time low for kevin costner
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather .
some of the back-story is a little tired
puzzle whose pieces do not fit
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel ,
-- and long -- for its own good
of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun
its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily
could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .
odoriferous thing
to gravity and plummets
the imagined glory of their own pasts
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .
does n't have a passion for the material .
has no idea of it is serious
brutal and
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery ,
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic
usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
easy jokes and insults
quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
long gone
the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .
an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and
was n't one of the film 's virtues .
style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
an uneven film for the most part
, the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
his storytelling skills have eroded
, others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and
undistinguished rhythm
have no idea what in creation is going on
spend years trying to comprehend it
is both a snore and utter tripe
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground
bitter italian comedy
banal dialogue
as a tarantula , helga
been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand
wannabe comedy
afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension
blasphemous bad
woozy quality
nothing interesting in unfaithful
one-dimensional buffoons
without a conclusion or pay off
is a tired one
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off
the most horrific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stop the music . ''
too obviously
watch on video at home
bland , surfacey way
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and
it 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland
frightening war scenes
must have been astronomically bad
the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult
at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
spotty
's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect
than an autopsy , the movie
exploitative and
of 2-day old coke
have all but ruined his career
get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
is n't just offensive
a deadly bore
would go back and choose to skip it
too many clever things
a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit
come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
desert
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
, ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
, but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them
luridly graphic and
, clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
that should be thrown back in the river
drab
is almost
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
the chills
i could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea
ends up being surprisingly dull
he feels like a spectator and not a participant
superficial .
the filmmaking clumsy and rushed
a crass and insulting homage to great films
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it
going to face frightening late fees
of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
that is as difficult for the audience to take as it
putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
a rip-off
an obvious copy
laced
with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
flash but little emotional resonance
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels .
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
total misfire
therapy-dependent flakeball
not scarier
unfortunately , it runs for 170
blah
unlikeable
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or
it 's not scary in the slightest .
which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better
seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ?
it does n't give a damn
done that ... a thousand times
artificiality
what could have
are a little peculiar
sucks
does n't trust laughs
is n't the actor to save it .
dated
is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor
shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
wang )
overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 .
understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
did n't sell many records but
disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence .
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
the strange horror
funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
panic
sound so dull
it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
far less
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .
hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art
be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it
journalistically dubious , inept
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like
's loud and boring
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat
, twisted sort
not as outrageous or funny
flawed and
( a ) painfully flat gross-out comedy
stiff
is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film
crucifixion
's also disappointing to a certain degree .
weirdness
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .
, you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd .
is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying
soon-to-be-forgettable
the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
have given this movie a rating of zero
two star script
the script has less spice than a rat burger and
to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy
feel like mopping up
the pseudo-educational stuff
issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate
-- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein 's brain .
shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes
no foundation
, uncompromising
, cliche-ridden
pathetic
so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
a tap-dancing rhino
to avoid
takes no apparent joy
does n't quite go the distance
a truly , truly bad movie
a played-out idea
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase
its inescapable absurdities
seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle '
quickly forgettable
spits out
overly familiar scenario
falls
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .
( cattaneo ) sophomore slump
goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
cheesy b-movie playing
unshapely look
is a step down for director gary fleder
been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
runs out of steam after a half hour
schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins ,
nervous
it looks like an action movie , but
hmmm
make chan 's action sequences boring .
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance
wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself
tortured and self-conscious material
really , really stupid
it 's like a drive-by .
it is not worth
myopic
is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .
most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
what 's with all the shooting
of ` ethnic cleansing
really poor comedic writing
does steven seagal come across these days ?
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized
loose , unaccountable
it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
all ca n't stand
who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
'' has-been
be easy for critics to shred it
a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series
drooling idiots
did n't connect with me would require another viewing
they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...
like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
menacing atmosphere
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but
are many definitions of ` time waster '
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .
the script 's refusal of a happy ending
alternating with lots of sloppiness
gets old quickly
of the obvious cliches
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood
using them as punching bags
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism
exhausted , desiccated talent
the laziness and arrogance
low-tech magic realism
vapid
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
a complete moron
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing
too skewed to ever get a hold on
thriller as lazy as it is interminable
's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
stooping
with a completely predictable plot
by bad luck and their own immaturity
had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama
so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
, pathetic , starving and untalented
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .
not that any of us
having been slimed in the name of high art
shooting itself
, sterile and lacking
elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe
all credibility flies out the window .
corny television
things really get weird , though not particularly scary :
the disjointed
assumes you are n't very bright
's not entirely memorable
heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose
works against itself
i hated myself in the morning .
the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor
of the jokes , most at women 's expense
low , very low ,
weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen
leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
is even worse
mawkish
the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
so stupid
a sour taste
a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
are too simplistic to maintain interest
rushed ,
its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant
does n't add up to a whole lot .
ridicule factor
barbershop is n't as funny as it should be
long , slow and dreary
video games are more involving than this mess .
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness
although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired
the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
30 seconds of plot
will leave you wanting to abandon the theater
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital
they do n't fit well together and
the pushiness and decibel volume
rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting
bad-movie
does seem pretty unbelievable at times
those monologues stretch on and on
uneventful
of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness
almost unbearably
me as unusually and unimpressively fussy
is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish
the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire
of domestic tension and unhappiness
the movie dragged on
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona ,
into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
his lack
how it washed out despite all of that
retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's
is n't a very involving one
pointless extremes
... hokey art house pretension .
because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
( hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .
a potentially trite and overused concept
useless
faltering half-step
the master of disguise is awful .
those gimmicks
fail
dry and
to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank
stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .
absurd collection
too safe
of virtually plotless meanderings
of boring
made on the cheap
nor a cliché left unsaid
the most highly-praised disappointments i
unconvincing
unbearable when it is n't merely offensive
see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film
problems and
dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost
unrecoverable life
so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
misfire that even tunney ca n't save
undergo radical changes when it suits the script
self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music
'' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
overwrought
that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
uneasily
the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
feel like you were n't invited to the party
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .
the movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .
from a stunningly unoriginal premise
tiring
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you
tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony
too much syrup
its critical backlash
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics
becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
bland songs
like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank
that was hard for me to warm up to
staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
held hostage
it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
despite slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
, crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
's just too boring and obvious
, uneven action comedy
all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
nothing but an episode
an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
rather simplistic
's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
the movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
lost and desolate
what once was conviction is now affectation
tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters
that with really poor comedic writing
offers few surprises
hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all -
weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
war-weary marine
painfully padded .
flirts with propaganda
is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise
subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
paul cox needed to show it .
skip this dreck
marginal intelligence
that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
nevertheless , it still seems endless .
this is just lazy writing .
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ...
believe that resident evil is not it .
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work
for granted in most films are mishandled here
smug grin
's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but
to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout
neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is
repeated at least four times
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?
futile
-- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
collapses under its own meager weight .
flat , unconvincing
the misery
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly
is this so boring
with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
that the movie has no idea of it is serious or
here a more annoying , though less angry
hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss
( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
warped logic
's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .
the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
about death
often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
irreparably
slapstick and unfunny tricks
, bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
abysmally
dumb fart
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?
contrived , awkward
that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard
... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .
uninspired preachy and clichéd war
could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again
too much norma rae
suffers from all the excesses
` it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '
no laughs .
little less bling-bling and a lot more
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life
the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special
hide new secretions
a pathetically
dull-witted and disquietingly creepy
becomes too heavy for the plot
gratingly unfunny
in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute
troubled and
sketchiest
britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel
emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime .
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in
relatively dry
too easy
of these tragic deaths
is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication
bump in the night and nobody cares
is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream
falls to the floor with a sickening thud
's little to recommend snow dogs
the sick character
sentimental mess
that the movie does not do them justice
this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .
induces headaches
takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
julie taymor 's preposterous titus
ultimately undo him
you turn stupid
a computer-generated cold fish
, one hour photo lives down to its title .
as a fairly weak retooling
resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply
search of purpose or even a plot
terrible
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
lan yu never catches dramatic fire .
tens of thousands of german jewish refugees
annoying rather than charming
do well to cram earplugs in their ears and
is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck
failed
most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
sad but
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
problematic quest
misdemeanor
sad schlock merchant
less bling-bling
sluggish pace and lack
exaggerated action
a movie to forget
the central flaw of the film
's too loud
wallowing in its characters ' frustrations
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy
truly , truly bad
the plot has a number of holes ,
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
rambling incoherence
were convinced to waste their time
linklater
( green is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
no . .
bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .
get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy
, ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
none of this sounds promising and
every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
uncomfortably close to losing my lunch
remotely new or interesting
can hear you snore
says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
, sloppy
falls far short
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle .
appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff
smear
dubious human being
there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .
is hardly a masterpiece
poorly-constructed comedy
aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice
a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis
usually dread encountering the most
ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
must have been lost in the translation .
despite auteuil 's performance
option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
the thin veneer
scream low budget
the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
of the potential for sanctimoniousness
interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity
lacks dramatic punch and depth
you want to slap it
a re-hash
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?
tired old vision
lame
snl '' has-been
horrible .
a pretentious and
even worse
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen
tub-thumpingly loud
how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg
highly uneven
offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience
cliché-riddled genre
disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
absurdist
seem like a bad idea from frame one
ick
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture
its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .
fussing over too weak a recipe
touched by an unprecedented tragedy
looking for a return ticket to realism
includes battlefield earth and showgirls
over-the-top trash
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes ,
it drags during its 112-minute length
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad ,
aimless , arduous , and arbitrary
loose , poorly structured film
and as bland
where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for ''
its recycled aspects ,
limpid and conventional historical fiction
pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
dark to be decipherable
stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical
is dark , brooding and slow
hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .
contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .
unfortunately also
aimless , arduous ,
too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
is where ararat went astray .
should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
a generic bloodbath
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
pathetic idea
a bad improvisation exercise ,
a major waste ... generic
only surprise
come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
sure , it 's contrived and predictable
, assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
mostly fool 's gold
its amiable jerking
emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment
a boring , pretentious muddle
, it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie
would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects
owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
more ambivalent set
i ca n't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
rambles aimlessly
a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .
is n't entirely persuasive
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and
derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but
gross-out humor
solemn pretension
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end
watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement
is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !
a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
, you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
, i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings
amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
feels familiar and tired
cold blanket
no idea what in creation is going on
i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere ,
sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously
bad movie .
being neither
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration
lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold
the wrong things
the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia .
do n't want to think too much about what 's going on
sick , twisted sort
just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on
laziness and arrogance
two fatal ailments
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy .
with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks
no rooting interest
remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny .
robotically italicized
incompetent cops
mind-numbing
become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters
this director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
well-meant but unoriginal .
we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
thuds
setting distracts
asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well
of this sad , compulsive life
told and retold
slow
be a single iota worse
a bit repetitive
dumb gags , anatomical humor ,
a stupid , derivative horror film
it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors .
i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
staggeringly unoriginal terms
contradictory things
a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
are no special effects , and no hollywood endings .
abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd
is a complete mess
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ;
have a bad , bad , bad movie
for no apparent reason except
see a better thriller
, it drags
that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash
reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon
the feel of poetic tragedy
lack depth or complexity ,
be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still
-- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
it 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
degenerates
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting
the problems with the film
analyze this , not
sounds like horrible poetry
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
most charmless
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
a dull girl ,
we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
make fun of me for liking showgirls
mediocre
to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points
no solace here , no entertainment value
is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
get lost in the murk of its own making
woozy
is its reliance on formula , though
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and
been there done that
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs
in a dead-end existence
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise
the painstaking
the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
you 'll regret
a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds
well-crafted letdown .
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material
flailing reputation
might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) .
just is n't very funny .
their lamentations are pretty much self-centered )
's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
it 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
adams just copies from various sources --
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .
a brazil-like , hyper-real satire
not the craven of ' a nightmare
its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
movie dawdle
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
stay away
gets under your skin and , some plot blips
hard time
it wo n't hold up over the long haul ,
will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades
genuinely unnerving
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience ,
cheap-looking
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .
the whole thing never existed
big fat pain .
and crude storyline
the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
far-flung
transparent attempts
feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life
it feels accidental
be said to squander jennifer love hewitt
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable
you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together
inadequate
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness
gang
virtually nothing to show
the hackneyed story
, dumb
veiling tension
justify his exercise
pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
work the words `` radical '' or `` suck ''
is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
, luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine
actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode
sympathizing with terrorist motivations
a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
chuckles
amounts to little more than punishment
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie
've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
sinks into by-the-numbers territory
at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .
on both sides it falls short
does n't have all the answers
the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray
seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
the filmmaker would disagree
connection or identification frustratingly
turned out to be a one-trick pony
rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek
short running
fake , dishonest
then you 're in for a painful ride .
director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serve detention
inspired '' was a lot funnier
can do even more damage
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer
feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo
you do n't care who fires the winning shot
better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
mind crappy movies as much as adults ,
too many films
banal , virulently unpleasant excuse
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
the none-too-original premise
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle
to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
did n't care .
precocious
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre
the power-lunchers do n't care to understand
the proverbial paint dry
bad and
ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
(
the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` never again . ''
for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
the only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
personal tragedy and
repetitive
the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children
they could have been in a more ambitious movie
hard to be emotional
as a pink slip
anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem
that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
imitation movie
let the subtitles fool you
a morbid one
's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow
tiresome as 9
a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace
the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks
its awkward structure and a final veering
a confusing drudgery .
sitting through this one
it 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting ,
is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
possibly the worst film
confusing
a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone
this distinguished actor would stoop so low
this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
's far from a groundbreaking endeavor
probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters
that 's been done before
chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and
hollywood fluff
manipulative
even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making
is n't heated properly ,
that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
, hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst
downright creepy
a limp eddie murphy
, lacks fellowship 's heart
obnoxious and didactic burlesque
bad bluescreen
empathy and pity fogging up the screen ...
cheapen
to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation
who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
the paper-thin characterizations
takes big bloody chomps out
laughably , irredeemably awful .
pile too many `` serious issues ''
one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another
watered down
the jokes are flat ,
the director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .
grab your kids and run and then probably call the police
sitcom-worthy solutions
plotting and mindless
though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .
, why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?
doze off during this one
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block
baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film
by its own pretentious self-examination
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
turmoil
long-faced sad sack
a rude black comedy
pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue .
sickeningly
the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency
plays like a tired tyco ad .
sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
makes the grade as tawdry trash .
hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
pill to swallow
's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it
is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor
too clear
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
bad taste
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and
career - kids = misery )
a bad premise , just
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper
recite some of this laughable dialogue
it 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
laughs are lacking
'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .
meaningless
that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad
take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire
same old garbage
the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half
but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner
skip this dreck , rent animal house
is that it goes nowhere
the most resolutely unreligious parents
goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
fails to fascinate
common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .
sink this ` sub '
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ...
enough sardonic
seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
that seagal 's overweight and out of shape
ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .
in a bid to hold our attention
it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions
ditsy
you feel like a chump
self-flagellation
corny dialogue and preposterous moments
help this movie one bit
the rock on a wal-mart budget
so aggressively cheery
cut their losses -- and ours -- and
bewilderingly
frustrating
but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
do n't know what she 's doing in here
a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much
as mushy as peas
these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes
incoherence and sub-sophomoric
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare
would n't make trouble every day any better
a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque
into a deadly bore
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
, the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser
to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .
befuddling
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises ,
a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .
a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues '
thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
so primitive in technique
some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier
the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?
groan
's also too stupid
`` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
obvious or self-indulgent
dated and unfunny
a slow death
impassive a manner
has no point and
stick to his day job
every joke is repeated at least four times .
is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction
the characters seem one-dimensional ,
does little that is actually funny with the material
most frightening
it 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .
constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears
a decomposition
feels impersonal , almost generic
pained
lost his touch
is too long with too little going on .
is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script
, accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating
aged past his prime
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
its own clichés
a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ;
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen
the first lousy guy ritchie imitation
occasion
concept doofus
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling
( and fairly unbelievable ) finale
only scratches the surface
's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films ,
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and ,
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
bargain-basement special
no wit , only labored gags
look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten
a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
this three-hour endurance test
like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it
that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub '
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein ,
ominous mood and tension
hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
want a real movie
soulless techno-tripe
of continuity errors
sent back to the tailor for some major alterations
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' ,
is left slightly unfulfilled
the poor quality of pokemon 4
the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative
a barf bag
sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick
cliched
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .
too many tried-and-true shenanigans
seem more like medicine
a bump on the head
ultimately fails
the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
it 's a sad , sick sight
feel like a short stretched out to feature length
a recycled and dumbed-down version
a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie
by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
loosely tied
which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake -
except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
feels the dimming of a certain ambition
is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling
bomb
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised
skip the film and
that stubbornly refused to gel
has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .
all the bad things
from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired
are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels
is laughingly
hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .
like a fish that 's lived too long
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled
he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
's no rooting interest
forgettable
downright comically evil
preachy and clichéd
dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances
the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
very stupid and annoying
it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt .
undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy
i wo n't be sitting through this one again
put through torture for an hour and a half
a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
the movie is without intent .
, the four feathers comes up short
done-to-death material
bad people
donovan ... squanders his main asset
rude and
stink bomb .
i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen
strip it of all its excess debris ,
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
its pretensions
throw smoochy from the train !
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin
dull ,
work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse
triteness
evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone
unpleasantly
if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
a return ticket
hardened indie-heads
a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless
takes to describe how bad it is
movie rapes
a better satiric target
the execution is pretty weary
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
no palpable chemistry
's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull
uncreative
can not engage
as visually bland
look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role
this somewhat tired premise
limps along
excruciatingly unfunny and
entirely stale concept
wobbly premise work
drifts aimlessly
is an uneven film for the most part
does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers
of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves
a cold movie
hard-sell image-mongering
story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre
lie
, its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes .
has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
, remote , emotionally distant piece
crime drama
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
, the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and
forget its absurdity .
mind-numbing indifference
ambition but no sense of pride or shame
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though
a crucial third act miscalculation
the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel
value whatsoever
, cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
ripoff
is long on narrative and ( too ) short
hastily written
has some problems
a fifty car pileup of cliches
're struggling to create .
improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary
highly uneven and inconsistent
overladen with plot conceits
assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
into clichés
is one big , dumb action movie .
must be the end of the world
leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
is instead a cheap cliché
jams too many prefabricated story elements
is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
in the same old story
frozen tundra soap opera
showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches
feeble comedy
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
have bitterly forsaken
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered .
rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie
plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
thoroughly awful
irritating
dopey
, one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
dullard
instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time
snide and prejudice
was n't at least watchable
sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels .
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup .
almost as offensive
with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
too little excitement and zero compelling storyline
flaws
that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
a re-hash of the other seven films
noticeably less energy and imagination
there 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
collapses into an inhalant blackout
the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't .
much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
serve no other purpose
both overplayed and exaggerated
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
easy to make such a worthless film
so crass
about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
's nowhere near as exciting as either .
precious little of either
be as bored watching morvern callar
big , fat , dumb
spreads itself too thin ,
a rumor of angels should dispel it .
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
's the element of condescension ,
from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
better off staying on the festival circuit
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .
a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy
beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game
staggeringly dreadful romance .
into a future they wo n't much care about
it is n't much fun .
just does n't work
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten
final verdict : you 've seen it all before .
starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers
been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again
becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship
) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al .
little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
not exactly assured in its execution
is a big time stinker
a bland , surfacey way
as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes
a peculiar malaise that renders its tension
interminably bleak
naïveté and arbitrary
witless mess
more confused
no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us
offers no easy , comfortable resolution
those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
lack-of-attention span
forget
too dry and
the sheer ugliness of everything else
on shame
there are some fairly unsettling scenes ,
american and
rooting against ,
overly-familiar
missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play
exploitation piece
stuffy
an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter
the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack
a reader 's digest condensed version
but seriously , folks , it does n't work .
the execution
offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex ,
that should be used to burn every print of the film
more than a little pretentious
a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
a bad movie that
failure .
that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
cheap shocks
the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
the worst -- and only -- killer website movie
's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
a glorified sitcom
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york .
the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
is never able to pull it back on course .
ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel
disorientated
65-minute trifle
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings
disguise the fact
a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy
to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
exasperating
droning
shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .
that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
such blatant and sickening product placement
have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way
making it par for the course for disney sequels
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short
needing other people
ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left
oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material
trailer-trash style .
's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie
, implausible
it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league
unrelentingly grim -- and
in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent
the tuxedo was n't just bad
i admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
quite vapid
i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
its awkward structure and
recalls
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls .
short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy
quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film
'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie
it 's wasted yours
is that it 's far too sentimental
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches ,
wrong things
carrying this wafer-thin movie
( a ) boldly stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
like done-to-death material
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
without merit
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .
trash-cinema roots
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
running on empty ,
insanely dysfunctional
sickening thud
arnold is not , nor will he be , back
the new film is a lame kiddie flick
like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders
squashed
to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness
unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
insipid script
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company
tries to seem sincere , and just
frustrates
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes ,
it 's not very good either .
were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so
too loud
movie nothing
fails to keep it up and settles into clichés
see this piece of crap again
it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce
stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
of a typical american horror film
goes on and on to the point of nausea
metaphysical claptrap
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
a long , dull procession of despair ,
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan ,
familiar and predictable
the achingly unfunny phonce
tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .
yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie
it 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
arnold schwarzenegger
the characters are based on stock clichés
dying
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic ,
carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
third-rate horror sequels
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
brainless
not-so-funny gags ,
seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
is so deadly dull
, she is merely a charmless witch .
there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
tiresome jokes
as lame and sophomoric
of portraying the devastation of this disease
sad , sick sight
spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship
trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
ungainly
comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel
, dishonest
does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago
is kinda wrong in places
the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
failed jokes
is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
this facetious smirk
few things more frustrating
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
less a documentary and more propaganda
if i want a real movie
a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric
fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard
has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness
painfully
even kids deserve better .
too stagey , talky
an autopilot hollywood concoction
the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had
guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
drowned me in boredom .
about in thick clouds of denial
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and
jerking off
starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable
inane , humorless and under-inspired .
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and
is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
absurd lengths
the milieu is wholly unconvincing
only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
, any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone
the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
thriller junk
when you instantly know whodunit
's really just another major league .
no unifying rhythm or visual style
the terrifying message
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish
one of those so-so films that could have been much better
lazy
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal
the biggest disappointments of the year
for philosophers , not filmmakers
derivativeness
if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
painful as the grey zone
a backseat in his own film
sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance
to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters
it 's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
, standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
should have been a cutting hollywood satire
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor ,
is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see
're left with a sour taste in your mouth
nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
a brainless flibbertigibbet
simply stupid , irrelevant and
written , flatly , by david kendall and
it 's an unhappy situation all around .
ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script
is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .
nothing but an episode of smackdown
atrocities
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
into a black hole of dullness
particularly joyless , and
have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time
sketchy
wrong hands
fifth beer-soaked film
has no snap
flat , unconvincing drama
superficial and unrealized
of predictable narrative rhythms
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one . '
feels all too familiar
's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face .
steeped in fairy tales and other childish things
lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics
walked out
wanders
treading water at best in this forgettable effort
without beauty or humor
weary
lacks in substance
disconnects every 10 seconds
have banged their brains into the ground so frequently
in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938
wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
personal loss
people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film
the story has little wit and no surprises .
a gory slash-fest
alienated
not for their acting chops , but for their looks
hollywood ending is a depressing experience
wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon
absolutely unnecessary
lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
isolation
so sloppy , so uneven
mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies
it would be better as a diary or documentary
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism
as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound
screwed-up
uselessly redundant and
punitive minutes
, city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
, slapdash disaster .
sink it faster than a leaky freighter
impudent
spare dialogue
has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection
a future they wo n't much care about
in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .
stale material
emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .
unfilmable
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders ,
just too bratty for sympathy
of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set
her film is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .
its target audience talked all the way through it
works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not .
aggravating and tedious .
so boring
amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point
at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
puts the ` ick ' in ` classic .
challenges
of better films
in the media
has already appeared in one forum or another
with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume
drudgery .
keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
is violated
i would go back and choose to skip it .
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony
is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
from its sleazy moralizing
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ?
rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing
the poor and
a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses
dehumanizing
reading lines
which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
an unholy mess ,
bona fide groaners
far too clever by half , howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ?
too many scenes toward the end
a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily
equally miserable
editing and pompous references
( a ) poorly executed comedy .
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style .
the unsettled tenor
are clinically depressed and
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered
tackles more than she can handle .
losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
pathetic exploitation film
of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side
seems hopelessly juvenile .
an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out
predictable as the tides
did no one on the set have a sense of humor ,
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that
for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull
all the dramatic weight
will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
of dead-end distaste
good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .
poor editing , bad bluescreen ,
boring
believe anyone would really buy this stuff
that there 's really not much of a sense of action
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ...
want to think too much about what 's going on
narc
sub-sophomoric
that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name
is he has no character , loveable or otherwise
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .
too much power , not enough puff .
brainless flibbertigibbet
have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies
critical backlash
overcooked , ham-fisted direction
numbingly dull
pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear
served with a hack script
past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
an empty , purposeless
bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew
just did n't care
lame
laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man
a dearth of vitality
without thrills and a mystery devoid
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man
it 's leaden and predictable , and
ailments
could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
, the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
it feels like unrealized potential
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual
as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
retread ,
a bit disjointed
dismally
, meandering
that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey
is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september
it 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow .
is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be
low comedy does n't come much lower .
a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , ''
heavy stench
tastelessness and
what 's most offensive
've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel
unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
and second , what 's with all the shooting ?
other , better movies
occasionally flawed ,
maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral
and two smoking barrels
, nasty journey
a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream
dumped a whole lot of plot
undisciplined
production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
is painfully bad ,
strange film
despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste
seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
a kilt
does n't live up to the exalted tagline
bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action
cheesy commercialism
is on full , irritating display
in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
and if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest .
nosedive
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity
just another situation romance
gawky actor
on `` stupid ''
it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
pure hollywood
not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid .
is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
no big whoop , nothing new to see ,
tragically
a tendency to sag in certain places
necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
wind up as glum as mr. de niro
little propaganda film
become almost as operatic to us
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .
a bad run
this insufferable movie
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious
, we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
nutty cliches
the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action
a coma
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get
working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding
noir veil
as mindless
inhuman
movie directionless
bungle their way
a few laughs but nothing else
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
so exaggerated and broad
that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
honestly , i do n't see the point
is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) .
do n't think so .
represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
him this year 's razzie
a mawkish self-parody
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast
because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans
without context -- journalistic or historical
- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
soft-core twaddle
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms is n't it .
little too obvious , but
almost generic
the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
, this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
mistaken-identity
a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and )
a harrison ford low
for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie
ruined by amateurish writing and acting ,
the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations
it looks like woo 's a p.o.w.
has turned out to be a one-trick pony
, inexplicable and unpleasant
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions
falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
leaves an awful sour taste
's because relatively nothing happens
dies
unacceptable
deepest tragedies
how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
really does n't have much to say beyond the news
a loss
can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
on standard horror flick formula
glum as mr. de niro
collateral damage is trash
pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
visualize schizophrenia
'' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market .
that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie
too cynical
is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
the plot seems a bit on the skinny side
accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .
a more annoying , though
loathe him
hell , i dunno
for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .
analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down
trudge out
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
never succeed in really rattling the viewer
sub-par
bad film
, the film would be a total washout .
none of the charm and little
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
spectacular belly flops
's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .
cheesy
was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '
a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but
banality and hypocrisy
more evil than ever
noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
is a lot more bluster than bite .
corny sentimentality
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .
whimper
really wrong with this ricture
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
's horribly depressing and not very well done
is n't exactly endearing
they cheapen the overall effect .
so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant
finally seem so impersonal or even shallow
without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge
a sad aristocrat in tattered finery
get out your pooper-scoopers
a superfluous sequel
a feel-bad ending
a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work
captive by mediocrity
a snore and utter tripe
begging for attention
it 's impossible to care who wins
the idiocy
the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
aloof
a gut punch
may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie .
torture and self-mutilation
loud and offensive , but more often
frustration from those
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity
to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
cinematic poo .
have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else
may not be a great piece of filmmaking
one-sided theme
you 'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... '
deserve better
realize , much to our dismay ,
the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and
`` unfilmable '' novels
way too full of itself
not engaging
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand ,
a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots
dumb gags , anatomical humor , or
add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff
skip but film buffs should get to know
may not always work
how to suffer '
the biggest disappointments
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers
sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
being stupid
a self-hatred instilled
fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes
to regain his life , his dignity and his music
deadly dull
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
ill-conceived and
this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction
it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
11 times too many
seen it all before ,
every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
's a pale imitation .
knew what the hell was coming next
to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
that tries to be smart
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .
full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes
falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments
lionize its title character and exploit his anger
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .
ruins every single scene he 's in
make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom
make trouble
pretty listless
is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is
does little
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short
is way too indulgent
tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape
from cheap-shot mediocrity
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff
road
freaking out
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .
loses its fire midway ,
begins to resemble the shapeless ,
's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
that hollywood expects people to pay to see it
to believe that a life like this can sound so dull
change watching such a character ,
gloom
emotional car-wreck
the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
bitchy frolic
how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
no laughs
without passion or politics
the corniest
this is a truly , truly bad movie .
protagonist
the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears
it borders on facile
never springs to life
in short
devos
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea
some corny television
to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california
but a very handsomely produced let-down
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain
after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
( and probably should have )
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity
it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '
with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not
-- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles
philosophers , not filmmakers
is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best .
's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
the choppy editing
that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as
it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
its own most damning censure
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and
, despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
terminally bland , painfully slow and
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility
loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves
stifles creativity and
... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .
because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite
this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .
to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
once amusing
a generic international version of a typical american horror film
ugly and mindless
that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy
would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud
it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
is more like something from a bad clive barker movie .
's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts
the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league
too much
... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .
lots of boring talking heads , etc .
little less bling-bling
has a film 's title served such dire warning
a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue
like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
do n't blame eddie murphy but
astronomically bad
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series .
, it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
what a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .
living far too much
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
desperately wishing you could change tables
heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and
turn stupid
flawed ,
would sink laurence olivier
a bad movie
hokey
the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 )
broken
bit of piffle .
the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble
drowsy
stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
how ridiculous and money-oriented
of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old ,
stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time
into a laugh-free lecture
does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
somewhat backhanded
in any way demeaning its subjects
a muddled limp biscuit
a lost ideal
depressingly retrograde
the subtitles fool you
another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market
soap-opera
off-puttingly
und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
action clichés
the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
for the ridicule factor
is so prolonged and boring
chaos
made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
, purposeless
, rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
that takes too long to shake
you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape
in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
it fails
when it is n't merely offensive
it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .
personal low
is sappy and amateurish
alone , should scare any sane person away .
quickly writes himself into a corner
career - kids = misery
emaciated
from this choppy and sloppy affair
is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure
frustrating and
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
any scorsese
but it would be better to wait for the video .
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .
, an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
choppy and
, it 'll only put you to sleep .
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but
it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
they 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
smeary
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious ,
terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey
self-consciously flashy camera effects
a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish
it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears
cold-hearted
existential suffering
would be consigned to the dustbin of history
the movie is hardly a masterpiece
clichéd
hated myself in the morning .
it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money
, yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt
make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson
inherently caustic and
that it 's too close to real life to make sense
winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity
forgive its mean-spirited second half
not funny performers
is a lame kiddie flick
thoroughly overbearing
two hours of junk
dramatically lackluster
considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
no surprises .
is oppressively heavy
somewhat less
nutty cliches and far too much dialogue
a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
live-action cartoon
useless actioners
uneven dialogue and plot lapses
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident
virtually no one
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience
may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry
it should have stayed there .
hole-ridden plotting
lost in the translation
seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
it 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
disconnects
have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3
's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn
bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
soulless .
been replaced by the bottom of the barrel
involving than this mess
are lukewarm and quick to pass .
poorly
cardiac
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
an excuse
most awful acts
is so clumsily sentimental
whiney
imposter makes a better short story than it does a film
this obscenely bad dark comedy
wal-mart budget
a rather thin moral
misfire that even tunney ca n't save .
, from the incongruous but chemically
how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is
through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
of a physician who needs to heal himself
any way of gripping what its point is
muy loco
giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
no `` waterboy
manipulative claptrap
is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
slow for a younger crowd
there done that
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky ,
would have been better than the fiction it has concocted
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .
green men
feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something
poor quality
the film 's needlessly opaque intro
, if disingenuous ,
making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
a travesty of a transvestite comedy
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
have been better off staying on the festival circuit
also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
watching `` ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .
the movie sputters
suited neither
big bloody stew
from its unsettling prognosis
a mournful undercurrent
is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .
this is no `` waterboy ! ''
a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
deeply biased , and
the level of an after-school tv special
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale
horrific
's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary .
the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
the pay-off is negligible
designed strictly for children 's home video ,
to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
its shortcomings
that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
this italian freakshow
the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea
slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation
the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book
standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
hiding behind cutesy film references
overwrought
is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl
creeping into the second half
damaged-goods people
is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating
a little underconfident
annoying specimen
i 'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
of a 20-car pileup
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or
in clichés and mawkish dialogue
tom green 's freddie got fingered
increasingly implausible as it races
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
an unsettling sight , and
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .
`` solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
an affected malaise
that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking :
devolves into a laugh-free lecture
unforgivingly
the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
offended
is just a little bit hard to love .
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .
's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy
another boorish movie
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
be shallow
with a `` spy kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?
, it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
, the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .
another useless recycling of a brutal mid
downbeat
unfaithful
another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype
scant place for the viewer
the predictability of bland comfort food
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
, nothing good can happen
seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense
older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag
therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one
reactionary ideas about women
bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction
stillborn
cheap junk
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but
it just seems manufactured to me and artificial
it 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
this overlong infomercial ,
playwriting 101 premise
thin notion
meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced ,
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence
that does not move
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors ,
too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin .
like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
slightly disappointed
could n't keep my attention
really earned my indignant , preemptive departure
so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer
before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon
is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
missed the point
here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck
takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about .
the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
from the dullest science fiction
, folks , it does n't work .
, there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona
will most likely doze off during this one
the credits roll across the pat ending
, and totally disorientated
who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
'd probably turn it off ,
the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised
feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
distinctly sub-par
mediocre movies
the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves
is as bad at it is cruel
these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line
because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
williams ' anarchy gets tiresome
, it 's icky .
far less endearing disabilities
lacking in charm and charisma
toilet-humor
of this tacky nonsense
a tragedy
sluggish
mixed up together like a term paper
simply runs out of ideas
redundant
it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but
creepy and vague
in their recklessness
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
horribly
pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year
a copy of a copy
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance --
a snore and
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie ,
that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
flinching
hackneyed story
drunken
a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago
is flawed
the butt
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite ,
, they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears
, it is n't much fun .
feeling like a great missed opportunity
of hard-bitten , cynical journalists
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera
is why anthony hopkins is in it .
worn-out
pouty-lipped poof
difficult and
its nauseating spinning credits sequence
is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
somebody might devote time to see it
murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death
fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships
all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
, it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
its ultimate demise
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline
law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey
un-bear-able
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin
numbness
it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it
that everlasting conundrum
ravishing waif
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment
leave
a choke leash
limpid and
force you to scratch a hole in your head
to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance
dullest tangents
by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company
depressed
time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and
stephen earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
a creaky `` pretty woman ''
numbness .
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .
it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
buried , drowned and
heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment
the broiling sun for a good three days
the film itself is small and shriveled
i suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .
mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar
there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
the pacing is often way off
offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle ,
unrewarding
minor film
has little insight
with little logic or continuity
its own action is n't very effective
you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
inferior level
how low brow
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up
sodden
foolish
idiotically
would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative
nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone
muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through
does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way .
yet another visit
it almost loses what made you love it
achieves ultimate insignificance
of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
it goes awry in the final 30 minutes
got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile
lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
the delusions
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
, it 's just grating
illogical
devolves into the derivative
tick-tock pacing
be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves
will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
slightly pokey
lukewarm and
most improbable
be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser
plays out like a flimsy excuse
toss logic and science
this story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
's so bad
torn away
he or anyone else
most excruciating 86 minutes
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution ,
no explanation or even plot relevance
you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
no
profoundly stupid
is repetitious
demented premise
is a just a waste
wind up using them as punching bags
pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes
the unfulfilling , incongruous
... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence
fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats )
carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
undercuts
is classic nowheresville in every sense
should pay reparations to viewers
awfully deadly
insecure about its capacity
flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror
piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work
, self-important stories
indifferent
easy sanctimony
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
the sorriest
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
there 's nothing else happening
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition
the annoying score
in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .
an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
pretty tattered
get out
is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines
manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired
the movie does not do them justice
systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
as saccharine as it is disposable .
without a fresh infusion of creativity
that scalds like acid
the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker .
's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
geriatric dirty harry
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
suited to a quiet evening on pbs
get on a board and , uh , shred ,
lecherous
vulgarities
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
, it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
about the worst thing chan has done in the united states
built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids
to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
really unclear
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque
zero
that annoying specimen of humanity
this ludicrous film
uneven action comedy
'' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
only half-an-hour long or
prepackaged
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .
mediocre horror film
snoozer
could have been crisper and punchier , but
effects that are more silly than scary
is a big time stinker .
even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck
disintegrates
pure misogynist evil
criticism
have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows
caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch
an empty shell
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly
despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places
that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and
there 's nothing exactly wrong here , but
to be truly prurient
ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit
laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
sickeningly savage
88-minute rip-off
( t ) his slop
the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook
tolerate leon barlow
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone .
is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels
hollowness
the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won
that 's low on both suspense and payoff
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
quite unengaging
every sequel you skip
just offensive
the soul of a man in pain
low , very low , very very low
of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
falls into the trap of pretention almost every time
little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
virulently unpleasant excuse
full of cheesy dialogue ,
contrived as this may sound
crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary
with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
, i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
through ill-conceived action pieces
an overly familiar scenario
, you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
, predictable rehash
( a ) crushing disappointment .
absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
beyond-lame
banal in its message and the choice of material
irrational , long-suffering but cruel
masochistic
have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
drab wannabe
desperate for the evening to end
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy
a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés
into an inhalant blackout
excuse for a film
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering
in practically every facet of inept filmmaking
when ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science
of sentimental ooze
ultimately empty examination
ludicrous terms
if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons
into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films
, it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
wo n't be an )
through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale
even shallow
no new plot conceptions or
the vulgar , sexist , racist humor
may have been a good film in `` trouble every day
out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos
so many merchandised-to-the-max movies
a whole heap
pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel
thumbs friggin ' down
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle
wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
in insignificance
inept
permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed
dull-witted and
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused
the tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' .
's still too burdened by the actor
so much farcical
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
the proficient , dull sorvino
, empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard
suffers from all the excesses of the genre
to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem
an mtv , sugar hysteria ,
turn away from one
well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) .
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
skip this turd and
is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references
victim to sloppy plotting ,
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie
feel like it 's wasted yours
oppressively
becoming too cute about it
even while his characters are acting horribly
the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it
is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
heartbreak
unchanged dullard
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .
director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it .
is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not
no reason to watch
somewhat short
'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... '
yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
in this tepid genre offering
never seems hopelessly juvenile .
rather thin
he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
be a one-trick pony
disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
nothing new to see
how bad this movie was
an imitation movie
should be used to burn every print of the film
out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live )
audacity to view one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy
adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension
what 's missing
while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché
inappropriate
an uncomfortable movie ,
decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .
queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
distinctly minor
stinks
if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks
bogging down in a barrage of hype
with cliche
it is very difficult to care about the character ,
go at all the wrong moments
another routine hollywood frightfest
trash
's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
is as predictable as the tides
be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it
stupid characters
oddest
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
yawner .
spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together
the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties
slow , predictable and
is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet
preachy and
's unfortunate
while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
by a self-indulgent script
is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge
is just a little bit hard to love
whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three
one-sidedness
lame romantic comedy
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely
pollution
you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
suffocating rape-payback horror
the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
resist his pleas to spare wildlife and
awful complications
seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
technically sophisticated in the worst way
utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and
lacks in depth
worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it , the project should have been made for the tube .
a fifty car pileup of cliches .
all its fusty squareness
more slowly
too stupid
was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series
so insanely dysfunctional
what the hell was coming next
is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
forget
'd bother watching past the second commercial break
suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star .
is as generic as its title
jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .
refracting
rigged and sluggish
affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed
from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
no cute factor
would be an abridged edition
are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
a xerox machine
they do n't fit well together and neither is well told
a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
most excruciating 86 minutes one
the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse
screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation
with celluloid garbage
if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` how does steven seagal come across these days ? ''
about identity and alienation
to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher
than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note
the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while
a retread story , bad writing , and
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
struggling nobody
the worst of the brosnan bunch
that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame
so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump
's too long and unfocused .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .
wears out
were paying dues for good books unread
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short
begins to fade from memory
as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
a dumb comedy
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence :
fill time
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
, poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
the thing ' and a geriatric
stress ` dumb
the usual movie rah-rah
a complete shambles
has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project
painful lie
if the film has a problem
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and
truly annoying pitch
wannabe
a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination
, inner-city autistic
needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .
bottom
it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions
why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .
angst-ridden
a tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat
first-time director joão pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
but how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .
does not make for much of a movie .
far less sophisticated
an awful sour taste
is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato
seems suited neither to kids or adults .
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy ,
it lacks in outright newness
of psychopathic pulp
be in video stores by christmas
turns a blind eye
this gutter romancer 's
be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
case zero .
is seriously compromised by that
find in this dreary mess
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
mugging their way through snow dogs
that frenetic spectacle ( on the tv show ) has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout .
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop ,
is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle
personally , i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet .
at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution
shallow and
that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive
truly bad
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping
poverty
just such a dungpile
this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
... an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
stilted and unconvincing
this alleged psychological thriller
veered off too far into the exxon zone , and
in tight pants and big tits
when ( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al. , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
is oppressively heavy .
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed
hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking
but overall the halloween series has lost its edge
the simpering soundtrack and editing more so
lost its edge
made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action .
a tired , predictable
struggle furiously
a depressing story
take as long as you 've paid a matinee price
is firing his r&d people
for the future , one hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
feels impersonal , almost generic .
are poorly delivered
, often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation
too clichéd and too often strains
redundant and
terrible .
three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot
no one in the audience or the film seems to really care
is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
of routine stuff yuen
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '
the field no favors
scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv
the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
forget about it by monday , though
you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
this overlong infomercial
rodan is out of his league
as particularly memorable or even all that funny
trashy
to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists
well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie
too cliched
it 's also not very good .
may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
, contrived sequels
wannabe .
over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
indigestion sets
empowerment tale thinly
this is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
undernourished and plodding
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and
are far more alienating than involving
punching people in the stomach again
should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
entertains not so much
sordid universe
it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls
the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but
equally miserable film
a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
as it is , it 's too long and unfocused .
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .
a bad film
wannabe-hip crime comedy
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and ,
little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
disbelief
, pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
i spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
awfully
it takes to describe how bad it is
slap her
the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene
's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans
you 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
exactly how bad it is
slightly less successful
bad action movie
contradictory
a step down
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires ,
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog
is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast
worst cinematic tragedies
and completely ridiculous
if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say ,
will probably be in wedgie heaven .
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool
distinctly sub-par ...
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?
seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
meandering and confusing .
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense
seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
mugs mercilessly
an unwieldy cast
other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
, the weight of water is oppressively heavy .
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered --
largely flat and uncreative moments
i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell
are worse
give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss
the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
unsuccessful attempt
what 's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best .
at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
trash-cinema
to check your brain at the door
virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
, there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
you to scratch a hole in your head
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
transvestite comedy
has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing
flailing
dramatically lackluster .
challenging or depressing
soggy potboiler
to the idiocy of its last frames
, not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it
so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
are uncomfortably strained
shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
of the more overtly silly dialogue
's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting
this nasty comedy
like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while
b-movie category
in its committed dumbness
desiccated talent
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived ,
is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
one problem with the movie ,
snide
must shoot it in the head
letting go at all the wrong moments
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
mistake .
instead of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .
stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard
a cold , calculated exercise
turn away from one another instead of talking
odd bedfellows
wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .
that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess
permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .
dislikable study in sociopathy .
is they have a tendency to slip into hokum
's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease
maudlin and cliche-ridden
... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
be made on the cheap
because they 're clueless and inept
friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia
painfully redundant and inauthentic
a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche .
bottom-feeder
up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick
does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
$ 99 bargain-basement special
unbalanced mixture
wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .
that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food
stop buying tickets to these movies
, in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life
be on video
that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
not well enough
at three hours and with very little story or character development
nothing we have n't seen before from murphy
is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .
the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
the movie is a dud .
's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face
drag an audience
succeeded only in making me groggy
as any other arnie musclefest
so poorly plotted and scripted .
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man
creepy-crawly bug things
, you should be able to find better entertainment .
the first mistake , i suspect ,
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? '
the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving
as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
too violent
living under a rock
that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny
like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form
careless and unfocused
despite its sincere acting
the last days
the update is dreary and sluggish .
of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
all bluster
it 's supposed to feel funny and light
, signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
provoked to intolerable levels
done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez
his control
mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
hypnotically dull ,
auto-critique
to make of this italian freakshow
what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing
although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything .
actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
inhabit that special annex of hell
collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
a hit - and-miss affair ,
do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit
agony
filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible
is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
) just too bratty for sympathy
to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
scenes all end in someone screaming .
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood .
is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .
left in the broiling sun for a good three days
too deep
an opportunity missed .
war
mindless and boring
this listless feature will win him any new viewers
the light of the exit sign
like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book
seen this exact same movie a hundred times
about nothing
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch ,
as bad at it is cruel
witless
a pointless , meandering celebration
find it uninteresting
hollywood pipeline
the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
is a disaster .
, did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
ice age wo n't drop your jaw ,
slightly flawed
's being conned right up to the finale
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical
to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants
, ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
befuddled in its characterizations
veers like a drunken driver
where their heads were
and withholds delivery
journey into a philosophical void .
margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
's neither too erotic nor very thrilling ,
meandering , low on energy ,
tends to plod .
is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors
a haunted house ,
is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor
past his prime
has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge
maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make trouble every day any better .
just unlikable
insecure
each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
ate
is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
made-for-tv
all its flaws
worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops
drain
be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad
you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
freddy gets molested
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
it 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
every joke is repeated at least
makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian
is flat .
add up to a biting satire that has no teeth
a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history
the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
heavy on the atmospheric weirdness
overstylized , puréed mélange
odds with the rest of the film
too amateurish
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .
even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
their way around this movie directionless ,
, it 's still not a good movie
sounds whiny and defensive
the story together frustrating difficult
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
slimed in the name of high art
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
often lethally dull
overwhelming sadness
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie
too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
that you want to slap it
his pleas
is disappointingly generic
, stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .
... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
his fake backdrops
lacks fellowship 's heart
relegated
of ineptly
a mundane '70s disaster flick
is a total misfire
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
kitchen-sink homage
( madonna 's ) denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
that 's where this film should have remained
find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually ,
, this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever
something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
describing badness
undeterminable
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line .
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare ,
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
visually flashy but narratively opaque and
insomnia
a shame
even more damning --
feels homogenized and a bit contrived
bad alternative music
enough , but nothing new
, the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
a documentary and more propaganda
as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered
bad imitation
way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film
need a stronger stomach than us
a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills
ennui-hobbled
the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
tired tyco ad
tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period
where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks
rather dull , unimaginative
have to put up with 146 minutes of it
very sluggish pace
feels rigged and sluggish .
gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through
argue
if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .
from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
includes too much obvious padding
of low-budget filmmaking
almost as offensive as `` freddy
grade-school audience
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' ,
a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it
no solace here ,
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
's quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent .
anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché
but it does n't leave you with much .
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
the very hollowness of the character he plays
its lackluster gear
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all ,
side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull
give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed
crass and insulting
veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic
of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
if you saw benigni 's pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
who possibly will enjoy it
, it still seems endless .
uninspired philosophical
naïveté
poo-poo
i wanted more .
a just a waste
's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be
waste
mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money .
trying to sneak out of the theater
run-of-the-mill disney sequel
macabre and
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher ,
's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
through contrived plot points
it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
gives the lie to many clichés
layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and
from its material that is deliberately unsettling
the stuffiest cinema goers
has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series .
conflict
worst possibilities
it 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .
indoctrinated prejudice
loses
of elephant feces
does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy
in need of a scented bath
the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché
of direct-to-video nash
unwary
it would be easy for critics to shred it
, derrida is all but useless
trapped
frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
flat , misguided comedy .
be careful what you wish for ''
it 's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
the con
but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
, and irritating
, it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
a sloppy slapstick
brutally labored and unfunny
's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
the muck
want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead
're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns
, having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs
the basic flaws
the film would be a total washout .
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .
is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .
half-baked setups and
lose
dullest kiddie flicks
while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture
its chicken heart
by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
languishing on a shelf somewhere
the artificial structure
vulgar
never clearly defines his characters or
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering
so devoid
ludicrous and
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through
signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame
realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
explode obnoxiously
that there 's nothing resembling a spine here
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period
to use the word `` new '' in its title
not particularly scary
's supposed to be a romantic comedy
exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
the dialogue is cumbersome
, romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program .
to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
sin
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game
like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
cheatfully
here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .
in genre cliches
the movie tries to make sense of its title character
lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland
a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed
be tried as a war criminal
no interesting concept can escape
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
it begins to fade from memory
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities ,
repulsive and depressing
lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
heedless
little uneven
very ugly
why this project was undertaken
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and
halfhearted
dilutes the pleasure of watching them
can get your money back
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
the preachy
confusion and
too immature and unappealing to care about
proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
in other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .
knockoff .
all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore
odd , rapt spell
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
smug and convoluted action-comedy that
of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture
is really , really stupid .
underdone
to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it
shallow and dim-witted
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
than bad
it is flawed
this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .
a laundry list of minor shortcomings
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up .
lack contrast ,
the supernatural trappings only obscure the message
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .
the mess that is world traveler
no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy
the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .
's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .
does little here
doze off thirty minutes into the film
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , miss congeniality .
making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
the seemingly irreconcilable situation
's a pale imitation
useless movie
, we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album
( a ) stale retread of the '53 original
in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
know the picture is in trouble .
a movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .
the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals
damaged-goods
mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot
lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter
is : ` scooby ' do n't
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .
obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .
it 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive .
an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp
a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni
hard , cold effect
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan
a sea of visual and verbal clichés
the characters seem one-dimensional
of the recent hollywood trip tripe
drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap
wo n't score points for political correctness
does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
to laugh at how bad
who cares ?
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
to do a little fleeing of its own
repulsive
, mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .
a straight-to-video movie
is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation
clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .
like any of these despicable characters
you have left the theater
fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
as tryingly as the title
if disney 's cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .
crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .
rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor
muted freak-out
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter
entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch
is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
little emotional resonance
surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
lessen the overall impact the movie could have had
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters
has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie
go wrong
wanted to leave
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .
almost peerlessly unsettling .
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '
it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before
no
is a lumbering , wheezy drag
glossy hollywood
you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie
corny conventions
attack
were that grand a failure
clueless does south fork
glib but
far more demanding than it needs to be
two not very absorbing characters
a fifty car pileup
the lack
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less
left off the film 's predictable denouement
motivated by nothing
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn ,
blow it off the screen
's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
as pedestrian as they come .
the climactic burst of violence
want my money back
let this morph into a typical romantic triangle
moldering pile
a long shot
very least
the worst movies of one year
not a strike against yang 's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ?
admit that i am baffled by jason x.
to lowly studio hack
abandoned their slim hopes and dreams
snide and prejudice .
he refuses to evaluate his own work
's plenty to offend everyone ...
from the writing and direction to the soggy performances --
it 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2
is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
only a genius
makes absolutely no sense
it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction
is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull
become smug or sanctimonious
i do n't mean that in a good way
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there 's something about mary co-writer ed decter .
is more in love with strangeness than excellence
phoney-feeling sentiment
stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
little wit and no surprises
whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance
is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous
adult movies
whether you can tolerate leon barlow
obvious cliches
outshined
zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
not great
lightweight meaning
on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams
as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line
, but also more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
what you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .
a prostitute
which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
it 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
be more genial than ingenious
to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock
slimed
is too loud and thoroughly overbearing
makes no difference in the least
the bad reviews
smug self-satisfaction
plain , unimaginative
anemic
that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''
a horrible , 99-minute
nothing happens ,
shapeless and uninflected
martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
sadistic
found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent
seagal ran out of movies years ago
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten
cram earplugs
chatty fish
feel like mopping up ,
stalls
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
i mind ugly
low-rent retread
somewhat tired
crude and unrelentingly exploitative
... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
it 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and
leaves a lot to be desired
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .
are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary
ugly , irritating
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention
enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode
it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) .
it 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
does not make for much of a movie
in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
a potentially sudsy set-up
of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music
for its rather slow beginning
the humor dwindles .
fluffy and disposible .
birot 's
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence
extremely flat
left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
, unlikable characters
a seriously bad film with seriously
the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work
fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
in the end , there is n't much to it .
all awkward , static
's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine .
does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events
a bad name
this emotional car-wreck
on ugly digital video
could n't come up with a better script .
argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door
slow , predictable and not very amusing
's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .
juvenile camera movements
of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
remake sleepless in seattle again and again
that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about
virtually no understanding
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves ,
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .
dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
with `` ichi the killer '' , takashi miike , japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman ...
girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
are mean giggles and pulchritude .
is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style
the obvious cliches
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .
burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
vile enough
even worse than its title
this uncharismatically
's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
is n't talking a talk that appeals to me
put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
peppered with false starts
michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something
a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy
shamelessly manipulative
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline
, pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop ,
a preposterous , prurient whodunit
's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after
avoiding eye contact and
too fast
much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance
his dead mother
-- that the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .
to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script
is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
almost impossible
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision
unconcerned
unstinting
in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
who , exactly , is fighting whom here
there 's no real sense of suspense , and
threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
thumbs down
a mimetic approximation of better films
the tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '
psychologically unpersuasive
targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous
with a tawdry b-movie scum
`` sorority boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
a crass and insulting homage
's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films
sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
of a predictable outcome and a screenplay
groaners
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
sad sack
plotless collection of moronic stunts
plain old blarney
cruelty and suffering
gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed .
that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention
is not as well-conceived as either of those films
linking a halfwit plot
it is that it does n't give a damn .
an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and
sub-formulaic slap
out-sized
waste their time on it
is a bomb
one of the most unpleasant things the studio
rather bland
the darkest variety
the butt of its own joke
chronically mixed signals
in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
that the movie has no idea of it is serious
its flaws
watching this waste of time
disappointingly generic
, lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank ,
needed so badly but what is virtually absent
is merely a charmless witch
's too harsh
long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time
swallow its absurdities and crudities
a literary detective story is still a detective story
did n't laugh .
cowardly
like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
poor fit
can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
grenade
disgusting source material
parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating
, numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .
rendered in as flat
corny
jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company .
's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
missing from it
muddy psychological thriller
then ends with a whimper
stretched out to feature length
trapped at a bad rock concert
with a hack script
tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing
to pull his head out of his butt
a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer
the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
the most moronic screenplays of the year ,
this emotional misery
of artificial suspense
from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances
to describe how bad it is
cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
deadeningly drawn-out
you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead
does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
farewell-to-innocence movies
is trash
falls apart like a cheap lawn chair
a script that assumes you are n't very bright
feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
fills me with revulsion
stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue
abandon the theater
skeeved out that they 'd need a shower
worst titles
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition
crudely literal
revolting
it 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
heady jumble
unfunny comedy
bland
i have returned from the beyond to warn you :
a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight
may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces
in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless
its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
the murk of its own making
mobius strip
most devastating
a ` direct-to-video ' release
catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
from bland actors
a bad premise
third act miscalculation
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .
redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs
no charm
clumsily manufactured exploitation flick
insufferably naive
looks and feels tired .
if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
every bad action-movie line
scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot
something appears to have been lost in the translation this time
suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
ridiculous and money-oriented
more and more frustrating
abysmally pathetic
invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god
relatively nothing happens
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans
faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
things really get weird , though not particularly scary
endless assault
no .
bottom-rung new jack city
indignation
standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up
jagged ,
to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
excruciatingly
was so endlessly
's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium
after the most awful acts are committed
needlessly
that falls far short
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .
's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
aimlessly and unsuccessfully
suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness
all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
a scrooge or two
sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss
mess .
bottom-feeder sequel
nor terribly funny
aged
definitive , if disingenuous ,
infantile , redundant , sloppy
rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
he needs to pull his head out of his butt
loud , silly , stupid and pointless
that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions
lack depth or complexity
that resident evil is not it
, not scarier
it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .
sequences boring .
finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
, lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever ,
writing , skewed characters
bad things
it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
nemesis
will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding
overly old-fashioned
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama
does n't really believe in it
once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
more than a tepid exercise in
most poorly staged
done , so primitive in technique ,
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
to cram too many ingredients into one small pot
and for all the wrong reasons besides .
crime expertly
wretched movie
marred beyond redemption
its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places
ice age wo n't drop your jaw
( carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark
can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
black-and-white and unrealistic .
this is n't a movie
, profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
there 's already been too many of these films ...
is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships
one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .
the pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .
, uneventful
it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by )
, the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
leaden script
so stilted and unconvincing
can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
little more than punishment
the absence of narrative continuity
sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .
slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth
reel in when we should be playing out
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie
has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
torments and angst
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought ,
saccharine genre
high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time
the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
a strangely
poorly structured
then again , i hate myself most mornings .
unrelentingly grim
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise
staged violence overshadows everything ,
the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or
attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe
if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes
will not be for much longer
the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and
gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .
, like max rothman 's future , does not work .
want to smash its face in
the human story is pushed to one side
highly uneven and
of drooling idiots
poorly executed comedy .
really bad blair witch project
leaves him shooting blanks
barely shocking , barely interesting and most
the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
of deja vu
hollow , self-indulgent , and
, not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels ,
to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
yawning
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
a terrible movie
hollow mockumentary
self-mocking ,
devastated by war , famine and poverty and
is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't
my problem with the movie 's final half hour
hitting your head
toothless dog
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .
a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome
is both contrived and cliched
endlessly superficial .
an uncomfortable experience , but
plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder
worst film
but the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .
but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half
it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about .
ludicrous film
kicking undead ***
horse feathers
of a culture in conflict
inexcusable
despite its promising cast of characters
any way demeaning its subjects
to losing my lunch
clumsily
slippery self-promoter
swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .
plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film
left me behind
decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set
, mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
, k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .
do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this
largely improvised
zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
, that 's a liability .
the chocolate factory without charlie .
chokes
rehashes several old themes
stuffy and pretentious
slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
overplayed and exaggerated
to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games
what ?!?
is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .
and crudely literal
over and over again .
hormonal melodrama
it looks good , but it is essentially empty
juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
earned my indignant , preemptive departure
becomes claustrophobic
rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing
very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
prejudice
one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time
and social commentary
debilitating
dumb fart jokes
the gutless direction by laurice guillen
will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone
to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe
sad nonsense , this .
the cheesiest
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but
indoors in formal settings with motionless characters
's pauly shore awful
corpse
goes on and on to the point of nausea .
bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid
unbalanced
more disciplined grade-grubbers
seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
too textbook to intrigue
completely lacking in chills
is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost
in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
provided his own broadside
sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry
herzog simply runs out of ideas and
's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream
thoughtless
plays like a bad soap opera
fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs
this film biggest problem
shame on writer/director vicente aranda
, circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
here lacks considerable brio .
restrictive
spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
cheap hysterics
with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
numb
narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute
to tiresome jargon
want to slap it
when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny ,
a bit anachronistic
ridiculous
is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas
half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget
prevents
unoriginal terms
to its ultimate demise
than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
art house pretension .
leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless
, knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
you would n't want to live waydowntown
awful movie
a geriatric
tear-drenched quicksand
the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale ,
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and
clueless
even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow .
of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .
limited chemistry
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah .
; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
feel contradictory things
aimlessly and
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout
, but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it
, the movie makes two hours feel like four .
's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
formulaic and stilted
's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares
in a way that verges on the amateurish
stare and sniffle
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs
it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways
their parents ' anguish
the superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other .
i 'm not even a fan of the genre
ararat feels like a book report
gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand
limited
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
its crapulence
a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and
appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best
trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
without being insightful
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot
discloses almost nothing
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits
blah characters
what 's worse
this pathetic junk
offend
` punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
of all the halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
disingenuous
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
to admit i walked out of runteldat
, deceit and murder
a film that loses sight of its own story .
to creep the living hell out of you
fool
's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .
flopping
another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled
just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
crass , then gasp for gas ,
cutting and blurry
through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
doubt the filmmakers ' motives
can not overcome blah characters
horrible '' and `` terrible
deflated as he does
through all too painfully
as deflated as he does
soap opera that tornatore was right to cut
shorter than britney 's cutoffs
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy
of a film that are still looking for a common through-line
smack of a hallmark hall of fame
unsympathetic
overeager
this listless feature
no clear-cut hero
to mind : so why is this so boring ?
my two hours better watching
wes craven 's presence is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . '
the grieving process
a fairly inexperienced filmmaker
distanced us from the characters
zero .
is dreary and sluggish .
we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
offensive and nothing at all like real life
making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' ,
manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
not good enough
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard
aggressively anti-erotic
teeth-gnashing
that might otherwise separate them
drowns out
seems like someone going through the motions .
has intentionally left college or was killed
learned the hard way just
carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg .
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
distaste
gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
the most horrific movie experience
... one resurrection too many .
of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
while cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller
ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
all its moodiness
zero compelling storyline
's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
such a bore
is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement
otherwise appalling
a mediocre one
in execution
in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
are less than adorable
cold
a shabby script
dim-witted and lazy spin-off
to and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation
any way of gripping what its point is ,
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time .
was vile enough .
he forgets to make it entertaining
have a hard time believing it was just coincidence
hate it
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up .
disturbing
someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster
by the incessant use of cell phones
dredge
still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
get back to your car in the parking lot
some futile concoction
hollywood concoction
abyss
way off
it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
the master of disguise represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
not-so-funny gags
all the annals
to direct-to-video irrelevancy
meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat
be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?
the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
his maudlin ending
be too narrow to attract crossover viewers
more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes
lulled into a coma
haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
is interminable
put off by the film 's austerity
proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors .
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .
never existed
overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
jackass is a vulgar
what ` blade runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .
cold , pretentious
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .
a deep vein of sadness
've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ...
designed to fill time
saddest
it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump
never quite gel
though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
though it runs 163 minutes
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two
sordid of human behavior on the screen ,
are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce
the plot holes
wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany
the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
the story plays out slowly
cliched and
unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out
in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago
angry and sad
if the screenplay falls somewhat short
mattei 's underdeveloped effort
padded .
could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
loses its ability to shock and amaze .
b.s.
is little else to recommend `` never again
look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
some blondes , ( diggs ) should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
unimaginable horror
looks like a drag queen
the movie in a superficial way , while never sure
only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks
foul
lacked
stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design
's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .
not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast .
was so endlessly , grotesquely
, unnecessary
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode ,
univac-like script machine
, subtlety has never been his trademark
about its ideas and
as literary desecrations go
hedonistic
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good .
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
adams just copies
merely bad rather than painfully awful
's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt
i never thought i 'd say this , but i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !
know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
i never thought i 'd say this , but i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies
think , zzzzzzzzz
the clumsy cliché of the ugly american
seem twice as long
must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart .
, hollywood ending is a depressing experience
by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
surprisingly shoddy
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge
amateur ' in almost every frame
it 's that painful .
none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
is little else to recommend `` never again .
's a hellish
the great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home .
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler
bratty
relentlessly folksy
needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
not so much farcical as sour .
no charm , no laughs
to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead
me no lika da accents so good
particularly joyless ,
the film lapses
an ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
increasingly incoherent
, you 're desperate for the evening to end .
bears more than a whiff of exploitation ,
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ;
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had
if pointless excursion
this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one
leave it
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
we never feel anything for these characters ,
rather frightening
thought would leave you cold
overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album
because it plays everything too safe
botched
the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting
the wanton slipperiness
the silly and crude storyline
nightmare
lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works
reality tv obsession
the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes
her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . ''
seems to play on a 10-year delay
( seagal 's ) strenuous attempt
the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed
every indulgent , indie trick in the book
maybe leblanc thought , `` hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
so bad in a major movie
in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots
central flaw
of its pretensions
it was written for no one
, nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman
horrible
bad prose
lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they 'll get plenty )
so much crypt mist in the brain
as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake
just plain crap
plodding action sequences
familiar and predictable , and
desperation
only seems to care about the bottom line
callow pretension
it 's never as solid as you want it to be
i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .
mystery devoid
a complete waste
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
trash cinema
be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john
abused
who sometimes defies sympathy
of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe
worse stunt editing
savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great
too many wrong turns
do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate
the similarly ill-timed antitrust
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set
from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap
's a dull girl , that 's all .
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger
never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
bogs down in a surfeit of characters
confusing and horrifying vision
is disposable
are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .
it is n't very good
so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective
it squanders chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt !
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .
is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was
the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen .
the simpering soundtrack
be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor
seem tired and , what 's worse , routine
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .
even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament
labors as storytelling
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .
pick up the slack
nowheresville
bored by as your abc 's
threadbare comic setups
stroke
more racist portraits
yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time
an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off
of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
insanely stupid
strangely schizo cartoon
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
as monstrous
, the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
its recycled aspects
does n't have a passion for the material
like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits
stuck around for this long
yet another tired old vision
do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
too bland to be interesting
through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
banal and
terrorist
grossest movie
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
false and
the trifecta of badness
animated movies in quite a while
of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
two-dimensional and
needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! ''
if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition
dumb and derivative horror
the more overtly silly dialogue
would have been better off staying on the festival circuit
exit sign
shambles
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
becomes instead a grating endurance test
crawls along at a snail 's pace
deviant behavior
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .
more bizarre than actually amusing
gaudy hawaiian shirt
dim-witted and
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat
the quiet american is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid
that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde
is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
no way
feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
this tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .
bad direction and bad acting --
is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
blind date , only less
are totally estranged from reality
is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
less enjoyable
scenes all end in someone screaming
a huge disappointment coming , as it does ,
flat champagne
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one
the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .
if there 's a heaven for bad movies
the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania
's simply unbearable
it 's lousy
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp
slapdash disaster
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
, considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
ponderous and charmless
it does n't make any sense
i 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .
prefabricated
tired old
it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
an underachiever
the filmmakers were worried
trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career
somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
do n't need to try very hard
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
that was written down
is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .
uninvolving
when ( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al .
' rip-off
'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't
they have a tendency to slip into hokum
have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams
bad film you thought was going to be really awful
is a film for the under-7 crowd
of this so-called satire
come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free
feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off
two unrelated shorts that falls far short
's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
fell apart
admission for the ridicule factor
hour-and-a-half-long commercial
may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences
some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy
worse than bland
's not scary , not smart and not engaging
its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis
're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination
things insipid
lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable
hugely overwritten
a nightmare
terminally brain dead production
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize
lacks
absurdities
i had a lot of problems with this movie .
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama .
i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
seems a prostituted muse ...
does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
could make you weep
goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle
, painful
, fireballs and revenge
a typical bible killer story
drowns in sap .
that it 's offensive ,
the laborious pacing
would have saved this film a world of hurt
incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
overlong and not well-acted , but
an incomprehensible
vicious and
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population
a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
the comedy is nonexistent .
movie-biz
seen such self-amused trash
veers
of self-congratulation between actor and director
come off too amateurish and awkward
many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks
a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors
well-meant but unoriginal
tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again
may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black
overwrought ending
drown out
bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .
has no reason to exist
throwaway
of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story
been all but decommissioned
's badder than bad .
except : film overboard
been cobbled together onscreen
laborious
bad luck and
of hell so shattering it
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs
's just grating
of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay
off more than he or anyone else could chew
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours
the only thing scary about feardotcom
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me
no timeout
teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm
for technical flaws to get in the way
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked
bargain-basement
lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .
is a particularly vexing handicap
script is n't up to the level of the direction
screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder
menace
one-dimensional
gross
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes
of death in this bitter italian comedy
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .
, it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .
a loud , witless mess
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way
sucker
mindless action flick
with too much exploitation and too little art
of malaise
portrayals
its make-believe promise of life
like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
scratching your head in amazement over the fact
's not original enough .
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end
come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .
agonizing , catch-22
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .
to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital
inept direction ,
foul up
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
a seriously bad film
stereotypical
woefully hackneyed movie
, it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
low-budget hybrid
is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems
, manipulative
a menace
a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula
by the most random of chances
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
outweigh the positives
the barriers finally prove to be too great
gay and lesbian children
a rather listless amble
that you wo n't care
will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered
represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe
sophomore effort
bland , obnoxious 88-minute
are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny
the worst titles in recent cinematic history
in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
reprehensible
that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
as bad as you think
is trite
if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong
self-deprecating , biting and witty feature
layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work
routine stuff yuen
vile , incoherent mess
is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
plot lapses
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing
, the project should have been made for the tube .
smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling
( t ) he script is n't up to the level of the direction
nothing good can happen
uninspired preachy and clichéd
wears
deeply unpleasant
the only thing avary seems to care about
i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial
nonsensical
made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
, bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action
becomes lifeless and
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
it 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
hart 's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .
its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting
terribly episodic and
the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium
more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate
this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...
some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither
wooden delivery
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made
draggy
damn
rapturous
run out of clever ideas and visual gags
he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
lawrence should stick to his day job .
boring , self-important stories
, he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
scattered
deep as a petri dish
, it 's nowhere near as good as the original .
's nowhere near
it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell
still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch
relentlessly saccharine
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more
the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .
those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
its broad racial insensitivity
feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film
seriously bad
mimics everyone and everything
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
depressed fifteen-year-old 's
, incoherent , instantly disposable
boring despite the scenery
disappointed by a movie
a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs
michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
pinochet
is high on squaddie banter
one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .
was n't a good movie
is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives
you 'll find in this dreary mess .
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .
to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's
ca n't save it
comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .
i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless
is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
whiny and
only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
should have gone straight to video .
merchandised-to-the-max
one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar
is : ` scooby ' do n't .
getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic
would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
its characters , weak and strong
small in scope ,
a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people .
a depressing experience
nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through
bad direction and bad acting
cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects
is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
, but wanes in the middle
insensitivity
, find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
was put through torture for an hour and a half
and altogether creepy
as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
plot holes sink this ` sub '
is without intent .
's really wrong with this ricture !
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed ,
a dark-as-pitch comedy
has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .
is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
drivel
itself is actually quite vapid .
... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
, trouble every day is a plodding mess .
needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds
with all its flaws
adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .
is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
into too many pointless situations
a sentimental mess that never
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient
stale retread of the '53 original
starts making water torture seem appealing
are too obvious
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost
i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie
the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares
too indulgent
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge .
this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
detract from the affection of that moral favorite
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
prolonged and boring
confrontations
fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand
offensive and redundant
caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare
do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
soulless
thinking someone made off with your wallet
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
its essential problem
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .
an inexplicable nightmare ,
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff .
grievous but obscure
a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .
inconsistent , dishonest
winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best
skip this turd
thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy ,
pretentious .
coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic
horribly depressing and not
demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
convoluted
pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
self-deprecating
manages for but a few seconds
it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
the slapstick is labored
difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration
the pacing is often way off and
cynical creeps
-- sometimes tedious --
stunningly trite
a movie this bad
a low-budget hybrid of scarface or
probably wo n't stand the cold light of day
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
the smug self-satisfaction
an embarrassment .
surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
, windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
hideously and clumsily
wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way
someone going through the motions
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .
all menace and atmosphere
loses all
already overladen with plot conceits
a less-compelling soap opera
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !
been acted out
this dreck
norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced
play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap
their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script
re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture
uncertainties
all-too-familiar
its leaden acting , dull exposition and
narcissistic
it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
swipe 90 minutes of your time
like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .
not for every taste
sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot
the problem with `` xxx ''
another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
were less densely plotted
he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and
paper-thin supporting characters
murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's ,
similarly ill-timed antitrust
is never clear .
peevish and gimmicky
to admit that i am baffled by jason x.
dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .
dysfunctional
seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material
episodic choppiness ,
as tawdry trash
pointless
all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king
overblown enterprise
artificial and soulless
saddens
schmucks
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since sept. 11 ) .
that they are actually releasing it into theaters
petty thievery
same old bad trip
its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd
, i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
after ( seagal 's ) earlier copycat under siege
that it 's impossible to care
slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty
is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .
there is no sense
it 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it .
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and
from their incessant whining
seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .
, compulsive life
there 's definite room for improvement .
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence
's often overwritten
i did n't care .
dying and going
a waste
eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .
veered off too far into the exxon zone
skip this dreck , rent animal house and
of moronic stunts
a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick
slapping its target audience
dumb drug jokes
decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies
that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely
of the tortured and self-conscious material
support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick
head cutter
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
an 88-minute rip-off of the rock
while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable
why is this so boring ?
stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes
conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
veered off too far
a massive infusion
are married for political reason
a coma-like state
left slightly unfulfilled
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny ,
to extremist name-calling
not very absorbing characters
is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises
tiring than anything
, mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid
the pungent bite of its title
hopkins looks like a drag queen
squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
is somehow guessable from the first few minutes ,
creeping in others
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .
dicey screen material
ramble
waste of time , money and celluloid
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche
stupid and annoying
the misleading title
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter
does n't make much
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .
that was followed by the bad idea
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers
fails him
hurts
is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
the paranoid claustrophobia
emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions
does no justice
cause massive cardiac arrest
all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new
negative
, for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
a `` snl '' has-been
to make absurdist observations
you were thinking someone made off with your wallet
as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
whatever fills time --
that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive
at ninety minutes , it drags
like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
only had a week to live
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it .
an odd show
lazily
this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
familiar and insufficiently cathartic
manipulative claptrap ,
if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
overachieving
is repulsive and depressing
as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes
look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes
i know better than to rush to the theater for this one
could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .
landing squarely on `` stupid ''
'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year
viewers out in the cold
disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood
... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
the film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9 / 11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind .
is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
equals the sum of its pretensions .
by the standards of knucklehead swill
through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs ,
keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation
certainly ca n't recommend it
not a classic
wastes an exceptionally good idea .
just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people
is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be
glizty but formulaic and silly ... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '
inexperienced
a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care ,
the rut dug by the last one
images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
supremely unfunny and unentertaining
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
hodgepodge
parents beware
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times
i walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .
spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines .
includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
their recklessness
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
dahmer
de niro )
to the annoying score
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way
's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
tough to watch
the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script
the story 's pathetic
linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
already obscure
toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard
it falls far short of poetry
ego-destroying
the jokes are sophomoric
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome .
similar obsessions can dominate a family
bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
appear foolish and shallow
... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .
fairly lame
of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole
breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
overly convenient
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again ,
they fall to pieces
pseudo-intellectual kid
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults ,
soap-opera emotion
it 's uninteresting .
a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .
looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
, more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite
is n't as weird as it ought to be
this 65-minute trifle
insultingly inept and artificial
trailer-trash style
a slapdash mess
stay away
manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once
full flush
ghandi gone bad
to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did )
necessary to document all this emotional misery
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and
characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
film school undergrad
a cellular phone commercial
i 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .
there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs
will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning
return ticket
alienation
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
loses its overall sense of mystery and
enough flourishes and freak-outs
lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents )
the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
inauthentic
mental illness
is weak .
gag
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .
it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half
lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
( less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment .
becomes lifeless
any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
on `` stupid
is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that
killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
go back to sleep .
does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke
mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as
at your neighbor 's garage sale
everyone 's to blame here .
cut open a vein
into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary
true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
awkwardly paced
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony
joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .
hastily dubbed
proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
this insipid , brutally clueless film
the disjointed mess
is just garbage
could have been much better
may strain adult credibility
bad acting
as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro
comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
thinly-conceived movie .
're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .
hollywood too long has ignored
overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director
like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless
painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama
been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks
the simpering soundtrack and editing
the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline
is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .
at soccer hooliganism
fred schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
a disaster
not a participant
it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
sags in pace
inadequately motivated
captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe
silly horror movies
, blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .
chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in
... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .
straight-to-video
could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up
here is unusually tame
a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is
lazy , miserable and smug
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
its characters tissue-thin
there is n't one true ` chan moment ' .
run-of-the-filth
incoherence
addict
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story
up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream
as generic as its title
that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls
is an ` action film ' mired in stasis
to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson
hogwash
to drag on for nearly three hours
tired , talky feel
ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts
exasperatingly
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or
a lackluster script
stooping to base melodrama
it 's a thin notion
he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
comes across as both shallow and dim-witted
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences ,
mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
counter the crudity
unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle
's soulful and unslick
still serious problem
suicide
the major problem
that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
trouble
that 's something i would rather live in denial about
the torments and angst
to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves
it does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
and pat storytelling
appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,
fiend
pokémon 4ever is terrifying
might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
a grim future
skip the film
to sit through it again
a flawed human
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and
were more repulsive
too long , and larded with exposition
found the movie as divided against itself
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent
that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old
an awkwardly contrived exercise
, collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure
if we 're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she 's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least
is completely lacking in charm and charisma
takes big bloody chomps out of it
imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script
an inconclusive ending
with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
a great script brought down by lousy direction .
content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool
'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and
, you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
murder and mayhem
nearly incoherent
is n't particularly assaultive
for the tube
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .
of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
the rest is just an overexposed waste of film
wholly unnecessary
keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers
, in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
more ridiculous
absurdities and
unoriginal
that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau
a college keg party
, low-budget and tired
mira sorvino 's limitations
hostile
a copout
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here
profanities
am baffled by jason x.
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any oscars
have given this movie a rating of zero .
as deep as a petri dish
of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone
fights
is meaningless , vapid and devoid
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash
first mistake
this broken character study
torture and
seagal
little more than routine
spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns
the movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity
of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen .
, an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . ''
the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy
a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic
's pretty stupid
acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni
prevent its tragic waste of life
the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
sewer rats
i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
in the pile of useless actioners
is a dud
more chaotic than entertaining
offensive and
that never quite gel
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered
if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
of inexcusable dumb innocence
- greaseballs mob action-comedy .
too-conscientious
are puerile
where the upbeat ending feels like a copout
's also disappointing to a certain degree
super-stupid
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .
blacked out
with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic
for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
missed opportunities .
to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
low-budget constraints
the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
utterly pointless
far too sentimental
at 90 minutes this movie is short
is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving
cheap-shot mediocrity
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
an even less capable trio
rare window
goes downhill .
nothing i had n't already seen .
better films
a stock plot
ugly , pointless , stupid
hell
about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera
as earnest as a community-college advertisement
the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian
into a gentle waking coma
low-budget filmmaking
has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but
puzzle his most ardent fans
fill the after-school slot
i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet .
a tv episode rather than a documentary
do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .
is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
grumble
to consider the looseness of the piece
no entertainment value
great shame
depressing , ruthlessly pained
the script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
's a shame
audience falls asleep
concession stand and/or restroom
dough from baby boomer families
that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film .
almost bergmanesque intensity
thoughtlessly
could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
tortured and
a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ?
how far herzog has fallen
it 's just too dry and too placid
signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
too eager to please
the reefs
, singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .
is this so boring ?
the players do n't have a clue on the park .
a besotted and obvious drama
your senses are as mushy as peas
( macdowell ) ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
particularly memorable or even all that funny
a grand fart
crummy .
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
, really stupid
uninspired .
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
searching for its identity
is about grief
are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script
does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
a little scattered -- ditsy
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing
excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america
because we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
barely tolerable slog
it plays everything too safe
the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar
, racist humor
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender --
... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . '
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old ,
lame entertainment
wastes its time on mood rather than
hastily and amateurishly
her most charmless
profane and exploitative
seemed bored
a smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .
bottomlessly cynical
can sound so dull
of quiet desperation
intolerable levels
wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
entirely witless and inane
dying and
barely defensible sexual violence
cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end
succumbing to its own bathos
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then
straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company .
, mean-spirited lashing
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors
the pratfalls but little else
could fail to crack a smile at
, the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .
frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
that lacks juice and delight
you can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here
is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
is that its own action is n't very effective .
my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
oddly
looks elsewhere
a rejected x-files episode
horrors ! )
was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
find a ` literary ' filmmaking style
offensive , puerile and
empty , fetishistic violence
this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
nearly as dreadful as expected
sappy script
uni-dimensional nonsense machine
would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .
, leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon
the thousands of americans who die hideously
the preaching message
is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation
makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
dubious
sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer
a too-conscientious adaptation
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny
one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
sitting through dahmer 's two hours
noble end
the paper-thin characterizations and
wasted in it
show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
inside unnecessary films
problematic script
for one of the worst movies of one year
far less endearing
, incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
the most awful acts are committed
inexpressive
being snared in its own tangled plot
impenetrable and
who die hideously
what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs ,
lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them
just more of the same ,
the acting is amateurish
i ca n't recommend it .
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
a dreary tract
mixed messages ,
falls into the trap of pretention
suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman
guide a loose , poorly structured film
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
wewannour money back , actually
has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have
through its hackneyed elements
sketchy but nevertheless
offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject
labors as storytelling .
far-flung , illogical
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast
flavorless
the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull ,
at once laughable
animated drivel
the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
no wit ,
, much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .
like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break
applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line
virtually absent
dumb gags ,
's too long
the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material
as bad
style massacres erupt throughout
full of holes and completely lacking in chills
come to term an `` ambitious failure
assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear
no reason to exist
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
stupid
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
literary desecrations
horribly depressing and not very well done
emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook
maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
, groan and hiss
tries to be smart
uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea
like a fish that 's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
too clichéd
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .
outside the under-10 set
full of itself
, storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and
ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going
sudsy
some kid who ca n't act , only
'' or `` suck ''
lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but
sooooo tired
imagine having more fun watching a documentary
blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
but this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better .
subscriber
that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
busy
juvenile
to an aimless hodgepodge
wasted
as the shabby digital photography
founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women
with the ferocity of a frozen burrito
have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
molestation
it all unfolds predictably ,
to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies
's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny
descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured
the self-destructiveness of many young people
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
sour attempt
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm .
this slight premise
i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
woefully pretentious .
peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
disappointing
the movie is a mess from start to finish .
monotone narration
slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks
too harsh
would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor
a bid to hold our attention
plays like some corny television
of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness ,
believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .
something both ugly and mindless
this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies
unreachable
which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .
's just too dry and too placid
too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen
stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle ,
given it a one-star rating
ruthlessly pained
never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs
is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
pull it back
victim to sloppy plotting
neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition
drowning 's too good for this sucker .
slightly unfulfilled
teeny-bopper set
what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
worthless
forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
is one baaaaaaaaad movie
naked teenagers horror flick
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real
ca n't quite live up to it
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
acting horribly
all-night
will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
most depressing
a fish that 's lived too long
a gentle waking coma
although i did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .
paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''
one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears .
like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .
opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it
the bottom tier
its pulpy core conceit
assaultive
strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo
obvious
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't .
worse ,
it sucked .
this movie sucks . '
is just an overexposed waste of film
wives are worse
sucked
pointless meditation
nowhere fast
its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action
worst excesses
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer
it 's tough to watch ,
huge mess
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .
's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad
numbing
it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
much of what we see is horrible
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations
suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters
's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
foolish choices for advice
old-hat province
bottom-of-the-bill
its questionable satirical ambivalence
the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
too loud , too goofy and
take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .
a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .
the sick sense
fat
too campy to work as straight drama and
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it .
sophisticated in the worst way
vapid and
is no substitute for on-screen chemistry
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated
cold , calculated exercise
the flat dialogue
is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
is hard to care
sorriest
a laughable --
shortcomings
thrills , too many flashbacks and
the grade as tawdry trash
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
stale and clichéd to a fault
to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
, pointless , stupid
lacking
nationwide blight
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .
lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight
beginning with the pale script
of a been-there , done-that sameness
's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening
that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight .
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .
falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions
give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter )
it 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary .
pat storylines
black urban professionals
to induce sleep than fright
utter loss
out-of-kilter character
standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull
is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
general boorishness
would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd
to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either ,
superficial characters
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does .
stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage
uneven performances and
very little story or character
a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
is not it
the kind of obnoxious
has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos
uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets
find anything to get excited about on this dvd
mishmash .
, i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
it does n't make for great cinema
also seems to play on a 10-year delay
of loss
there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour
sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
is out of his league
wildly incompetent
the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout
sickening product placement
simply intrusive
he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure
fails on its own
be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp
yet depressing
expected it to be
need to try very hard
just dreadful
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but
as the scruffy sands of its titular community
evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper
does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously
make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name
has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
unoriginal run
, it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation
a film that suffers because of its many excesses .
is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
little fuss or noise
like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
visual hideousness
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition
who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah
's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .
, the effect comes off as self-parody .
lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context
too loud , too goofy and too short
work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon
a rather toothless take
does a disservice to the audience and to the genre
treats us to an aimless hodgepodge
of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film
can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down
stabs
and artistically inept
could have been crisper and punchier ,
the cinematic equivalent of high humidity
plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up
( t ) he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
the intentionally low standards
those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness
laziest
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .
are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption
with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ...
back-stabbing , inter-racial desire
are nowhere near
ended up in a movie this bad
the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
does n't work as either .
low-budget affair
unaware
contrived situations
have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .
very slow , uneventful
in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .
skunk
brosnan 's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore .
cliched dialogue
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is
is n't nearly as funny
lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .
is barely an hour long .
muck
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and
will be lulled into a coma .
dumb , narratively chaotic
dead-end distaste
this ill-conceived and expensive project
exhausted
of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time
described as a ghost story gone badly awry
a dreadful day in irish history
conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
worked better as a one-hour tv documentary
that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
quite a nosedive
bad in a major movie
, it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but
all seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .
its lack of purpose
a selection of scenes in search of a movie
less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations
're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol
seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow
the all-too-familiar dramatic arc
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .
else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie
mundane
britney spears ' phoniness
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump
seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business
what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm
hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and
-- not the first , by the way --
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
none of them memorable
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane .
unmotivated
did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side .
lumbering
does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie
stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers
hard to say who might enjoy this
loneliness and isolation
are wasted in it
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime
comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation
a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off
may not be pleased
it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
anti-
lacks it .
that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
into a dullard
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
the princess seem smug and cartoonish
characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
hard to make the most of a bumper
really stupid
guilt-trip
two hours of junk .
it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .
modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
far more interested in gross-out humor
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage
tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape .
sinks
an uninspired preachy and clichéd war
keep this from being a complete waste of time
is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film
unlikable ,
left on a remote shelf indefinitely
undercuts its charm
it 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it
thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book
depressing story
called freddy gets molested by a dog
ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .
wince in embarrassment and others ,
on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
that never catches fire
offensive
deepest recesses
its absurdity
hates
fragmentary narrative style
's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch
is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
it 's an effort to watch this movie ,
imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned
in tatters
no , even that 's too committed .
falling short as a whole
there is no foundation for it
is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
've got a huge mess
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup
complete waste
snooze
so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines
handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book
manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance
flimsy
offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed
sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once
people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 .
sadly
it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
if it pushes its agenda too forcefully
its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places
his lack of self-awareness
the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired
hubristic folly
it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
downfall
've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
the horrifying historical reality
is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things
surprisingly similar
electrocute and dismember
in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film ,
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell
giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy
akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material
you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
folds under its own thinness
ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here
a ship as leaky
dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
is hell
then again , subtlety has never been his trademark
possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction
aims so low
of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio
the hell
unrelenting bleak insistence
, wannabe-hip crime comedy
that the less charitable might describe as a castrated
incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar .
ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
is often preachy and
as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe
how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
could n't help but
would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . ''
visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid
not smart or barbed enough for older viewers
a personal low for everyone involved
a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state .
of the current political climate
falls back
a disaster of a story ,
know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
deserving of its critical backlash and more
which is way too stagy
by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness
is n't even halfway
begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot
my indignant , preemptive departure
no quarter
some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma
ruined by amateurish
would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
corporate circus
lethally dull
one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
south korea 's
as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome
this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing
there 's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .
disappointing
no particularly memorable effect
a blip
there 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .
said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
amateurishly
the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
clueless and inept
frustratingly unconvincing
tiresome ugliness
very few laughs and even less surprises
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .
's so poorly
about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
longer exposition sequences between them
after the death of a child
a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art
giant step backward
slurs
so much farcical as sour .
find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
crematorium
's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .
less a movie than )
the devastation
that miss
plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and
stinks from start
, movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
's so not-at-all-good
to one of those ignorant
mixed results
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and
irrelevancy
shot like a postcard and
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .
as shallow entertainment
's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss
a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
assert
have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997
timid
plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
is that it does n't make any sense .
sometimes tedious
teetering on the edge of sanity
ca n't rescue this effort
imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull
, american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy
why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles
makes as much of a mess as this one
a dramatic slap
the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential
... it feels like a glossy rehash .
been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
just seem like a bad idea from frame one
be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year
while the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell
dull and ankle-deep
aimless , arduous
but only among those who are drying out from spring break
insignificance
as it is interminable
it 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .
to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely
rehashes
is a little scattered -- ditsy ,
loses its sense of humor
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long
impish divertissement
leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends
you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol
ponderous and
in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it
last-place basketball
do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
a child 's pain
most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain
bluer than the atlantic
of the week blown up for the big screen
three words : thumbs friggin ' down
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .
is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight
ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous
sinks .
stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
, then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
's relentlessly folksy
is never especially clever and
from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters
slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
succeeds in making neither
even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '
increasingly implausible as it
see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside
a medium-grade network sitcom --
comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film
new movie rapes
still feels counterproductive
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness
a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break
relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs
self-caricature
designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops ,
bother watching past the second commercial break
deadly bore
martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is
drying out
did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
sloppily written
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch
, maudlin and cliche-ridden
dead bodies
the worst sense
like a fragment of an underdone potato
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
wasting away
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?
bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy
pushiness and decibel volume
of the painstaking
never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier
itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie
pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism
phony humility
you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood
wastes an exceptionally good idea
does n't cut it
it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations
may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
is a tired one ,
treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
a worthless film
at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film .
to hate it
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .
seedy clash
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
labored writing and slack direction
the old mib label stands for milder is n't better .
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career
for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound
blasphemous and nonsensical
a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
's the perfect cure for insomnia .
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100
in making me groggy
's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese
of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
city by the sea would slip under the waves .
patchy
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag
ill-considered notion
it 's easy to love robin tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .
might describe as a castrated
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and
a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see
farts , urine , feces , semen , or
jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
above the level of a telanovela
, it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
the trap of the maudlin or tearful
a vampire soap opera that does n't make much
letdown
one that should be thrown back in the river
trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert ,
fragmented film
attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire
equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
boredom
's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts
works on no level whatsoever for me
predictable storyline and
that did not figure out a coherent game
recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .
the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .
the goo
follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
harsh
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence
their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary
, there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
first and
nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .
monstrous
somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles
any redeeming value whatsoever
does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez
does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along
we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile ,
is n't funny .
is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and
about as inspiring
oblivious
depress you about life itself
to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
unambitious
straight to video
is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy
almost entirely witless and inane ,
like schindler 's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
vain for a movie
75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
the worst films
celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
accept it as life and
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .
it can not even be dubbed hedonistic
said to squander jennifer love hewitt
see nothing in it
, schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
of its plot contrivances
that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition
something awfully deadly
ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative
grinds itself out
a muddle
comes off as self-parody .
jay russell
bland animated sequel
emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
unlike ( scorsese 's mean streets ) , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera
be the only one laughing at his own joke
gives hollywood sequels a bad name
makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill
imponderably stilted
of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey
for sick and demented humor
casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ?
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .
's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch
mean-spirited second half
, it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
story is almost an afterthought
did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on
that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative
to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
romp pile
the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
humorless , self-conscious art drivel
arch and rather cold-blooded comedy
why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing
disgusted
a genre that 's already a joke in the united states .
is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .
as offensive
too many story lines
a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save .
a discreet moan
a kind of perpetual pain
might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
lacking any sense of commitment to or
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager
there 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
stultifying
to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
scuzzy
would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and ,
the sketchiest
the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low
hollow tribute
to proceed as the world implodes
hunky has-been
derailed by bad writing
neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
the most severe kind
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
pretty unbelievable
it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
too damn weird
defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome
lightweight female empowerment
painful improbability
to see how far herzog has fallen
as dahmer
( seems ) even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .
had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny
overdone
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality
a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic
has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone .
drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
any of these despicable characters
the rotting underbelly
yet , it must be admitted
will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
seriously dumb characters ,
disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling
it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down .
could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451
abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy
disgusting to begin with
that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice
bugged me
can tolerate leon barlow
was worse .
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes
off too far
is so charmless and vacant
drag it down to mediocrity --
too predictably
a woozy quality
none of which amounts to much of a story
dead production
superficiality and
are underwhelming
makes you feel like a chump
almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances --
familiar situations and repetitive scenes
, a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
a little melodramatic , but with enough
speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
resolutely unamusing
mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience
lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .
one reason it 's so lackluster
except as a harsh conceptual exercise
is misbegotten
little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting
the improperly hammy performance
the scenes of torture and self-mutilation
when it drags
flat , misguided comedy
while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks .
's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters
are more involving than this mess .
more like a travel-agency video
serves as a rather thin moral
very ugly , very fast
emptiness and maddeningly
a main character who sometimes defies sympathy
begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends
infuriating
been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek )
ultimate insignificance
rather than provocative
succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton
the characters are based on stock clichés , and
have been lost in the translation this time
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but
some fairly unsettling scenes
long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare
a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
even when crush departs from the 4w formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .
banality
the price of admission for the ridicule factor
it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
is a fragmented film
in increasingly incoherent fashion
thoughtless , random , superficial humor and a lot of very bad scouse accents
it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it
the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal
ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
would leave you cold
a deeply unpleasant experience
another example of how sandler is losing his touch
spreading a puritanical brand of christianity
, to say nothing of boring .
unholy hokum .
the original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !
wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue
could have -- should have
too dry
does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional .
a long , dull procession of despair
lack contrast
the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
) best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america
pollute the summer movie pool
's not a fresh idea
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
lowbrow
left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else
while there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
teen-speak and animal gibberish
not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
the pathetic idea
95-minute commercial
seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain
this `` un-bear-able '' project
humorless and
offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s
ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
painfully forced , false and fabricated
does n't completely
by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle
the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable
if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or
, painful , obnoxious
more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .
dramatized pbs program
allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
most irresponsible
is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead
ultimately losing cause
flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity
nudity , profanity and violence
a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new
impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture
lacks considerable brio
in this flat effort
the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film
trite
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but
the lack-of-attention span
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .
makes little attempt
of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film
's also uninspired ,
too fluffy
dwindles .
its botches
inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence
boring and obvious
is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material
it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .
why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
's not nearly enough that 's right
, the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy
feels like a spectator and not a participant
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos
sloppy script
not only is it hokey
biggest disappointments
is predictable at every turn
rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences ,
former gong show addict
too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category
about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man
you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
of tastelessness and gall
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it
life 's harshness
) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic
no obvious escape
long and relentlessly saccharine film
the film can depress you about life itself .
botching a routine assignment
this like the dreaded king brown snake
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .
, it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .
's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition
be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering
stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
would tax einstein 's brain
especially disappointing
as lazy
is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
they were insulted and
would go back and choose to skip it .
flabby
numb experience of watching o fantasma
immature character
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
preposterous moments
cruel
that are more silly than scary
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer
's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama
complex , laden with plenty of baggage and
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
easily forgotten
lousy direction
bruised
as epic tragedy
long and unfocused
try hard but
-- and disposable story --
makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes
only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be
drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes
a severe case of hollywood-itis
can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
is left slightly unfulfilled .
that just does n't work
too dry and too placid
to blow it
ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
( evans is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?
screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame
crazy , mixed-up films
a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing
might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .
a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one ,
a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted
the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking
flaccid
horribly depressing
is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
like a documentary in the way
over-indulgent tirade
songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel
flat effort
it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing
the worst film of the year .
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .
in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare
does n't know what it wants to be
stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
absurdist spider web .
refuses to spell things out for viewers
plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story .
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen
of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation
it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn
uneven performances
sometimes inadequate performances
have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted
, should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?
inexplicable nightmare
meandering , low on energy , and too eager
me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
shoplifts
assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties .
notice the 129-minute running time
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though ,
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time
when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails .
raucous and sappy
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .
'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence
in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison
out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
do n't have a clue on the park .
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and
banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
uninspiring
substitute plot for personality
not smart or
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say ,
be killed
that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure
chicanery and self-delusion
the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy
the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
but even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .
was n't all that great to begin with
fails on its own ,
with no unified whole
drags out
in trouble every day
do justice to the awfulness of the movie
wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate
is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure
is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about
is rather pretentious
the nightmare of war
ultimately cowardly
misanthropic comedies
unsatisfying ending
many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes
veered off too far into the exxon zone ,
out on video before month 's end
even bother to rent this on video
its refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map
is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
avalanche
be distasteful to children and adults
everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but
it 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .
what is essentially an extended soap opera
opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
for improvement
dead mother
cold , gray , antiseptic
no solace here
can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .
's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet
it 's far from fresh-squeezed
curiously depressing
worse yet
unsympathetic hero
all-out
it ai n't art , by a long shot
is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made
to the haunted house
make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
typical
is not the most impressive player
of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles
porno
carefully choreographed atrocities
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and
, he has no clue about making a movie
this toothless dog , already on cable ,
for a film that has nothing
a tendency to slip into hokum
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but
i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
to a few rather than dozens
doltish and uneventful
a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous
i was expecting
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera
feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
borrowed images
too little excitement
try too hard to be mythic
controversial
sexually explicit
careless and
cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors .
poor editing
slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash
so many red herrings , so many false scares ,
bored cage
is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
it 's still terrible !
talked all the way through it
are more silly than scary
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
loses its ability to shock and amaze
alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice
skimpy
assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
, `` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
overdoing it
uptight , middle class bores like antonia
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
might be best forgotten
crappy
but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés
hitler 's destiny
is nothing redeeming about this movie
throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
innuendo
the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us
too little excitement and
leave a large dog alone
soulless
, all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
a sloppy script
no chemistry or engaging charisma
of the grief
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs. sever , were made for the palm screen
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics ,
sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
a plodding teen remake
naive
cynical
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .
absurdity
garbage
schmaltzy and clumsily
the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud
that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue
bottom-of-the-bill fare
like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
is so often nearly nothing
comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .
, virulent and foul-natured
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .
's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary
's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
where it plainly has no business going
the franchise 's best years are long past
( a ) rather thinly-conceived movie .
and diesel is n't the actor to save it .
a not-so-divine secrets
should be doing a lot of things , but does n't
from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
, and larded with exposition
generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
's definite room for improvement
're going to face frightening late fees
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike
never comes close to recovering from its demented premise
addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row
dull and
a cartoon ?
has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming
, then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable
off-beat
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson 's e !
is like a year late
it 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .
truly annoying
least favorite
still show virtually no understanding of it
the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen
who can out-bad-act the other
has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue
george orwell turning over
mean
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
it is cruel
hollywood confection
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message ,
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch
the performances of the children , untrained in acting
pure over-the-top trash
not taken
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it
the , yes , snail-like pacing and
feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies
, a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
lacks the skill or presence
amounts to surprisingly little
falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
did n't care
a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and
martha stewart decorating program run amok
a dullard
kills every sense of believability
devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot
predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie
fills time
affair ,
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
, this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
it looks good , but it is essentially empty .
all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings
overstating
, it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .
every suspenseful cliché
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital
, deeply unsettling experience
to go down with a ship as leaky as this
on the amateurish
mess
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
legged freaks
how about surprising us by trying something new ?
seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover
plodding teen remake
a bad sign
little alien
the desperation of a very insecure man
crushed
offers no new insight on the matter ,
so distant
each watered down the version of the one before
shapeless and
to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base ...
in formula crash-and-bash action
, he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
a total lack of empathy
'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard .
represents glossy hollywood at its laziest
static
to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting
has nothing else to watch
grossest
a problem hollywood too long has ignored
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold .
desperation and cinematic deception
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work
distracting special effects and visual party tricks
overtly silly
leave their families
happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
life , hand gestures , and
is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .
unspeakable
wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination
how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work
... liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .
witless and utterly pointless
who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up
audacity and
into this turkey
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but
make the stones weep -- as shameful as it
seen it all before
the problem with the film
are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
in an inarticulate screenplay
a giant step backward for a director i admire
's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
crap is what i was expecting
a kingdom more mild than wild
word ` dog '
the narration helps little
this strangely schizo cartoon
is not even half the interest
choppy
undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece
it made me feel unclean , and
nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .
neglects
this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust ,
it 's such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
that started with a great premise and then just fell apart
tattered
uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter
they 're clueless and inept
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
pissed off
all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .
a different movie -- sometimes tedious --
neo-nazism
stories drowned by all too clever complexity
hard-sell
elbowed aside by one-liners
can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
fourth-rate
and in a sense , that 's a liability .
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
the maudlin way its story unfolds
a fairly weak retooling
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .
death might be a release .
in space , no one can hear you snore
it might have held my attention , but
does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
a fake street drama that keeps telling you
spectacularly ugly-looking
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film
the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge
speak fluent flatula
seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack
its tragic waste
across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited
the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze
in your face for two hours
moronic as some campus
despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie
breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
agonizing
gay s/m fantasy
kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .
puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously
leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied
one of the biggest disappointments of the year
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera
of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes
is to substitute plot for personality
gives the lie
is dark , brooding and slow , and
we have no idea what in creation is going on
of this emotional car-wreck
sure , i hated myself in the morning .
never quite justifies its own existence .
a psycho
knockoff
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore
over-the-top , and amateurish
terrible movie
as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making
creating the characters who surround frankie
losing
gives you an idea just how bad it was
is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
's undone by a sloppy script
the picture is in trouble
completely predictable plot
bad singer-turned actors
locales
a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess
the action here is unusually tame
is often way off
a thriller without a lot of thrills
a rather tired
a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .
's a bargain-basement european pickup
the waste
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
characters who are nearly impossible to care about
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn
sick sense
succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
the world 's most generic rock star
is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references .
is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text --
an unpleasantly
over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own
in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
because there is no foundation for it
tastelessness
it 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .
such a stultifying
looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel
instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson ,
drown yourself
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling
that it 's a brazenly misguided project
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .
the movie is rather choppy .
both sitcomishly predictable and cloying
movie sputters
jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
, but your ego
juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories
, queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry
all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust )
charmless and
mean-spirited
verges on the amateurish
it makes your teeth hurt
labored gags
you wish you had n't seen
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue
because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks
wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned
saddled
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief
a lousy script ,
some serious issues
it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored
sappy and amateurish
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs. woo , it looks like woo 's a p.o.w.
utter mush ...
lacks dramatic punch and depth .
paranoid and unlikable
whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism
tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock
most frantic , virulent and foul-natured
rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
wo n't be sitting through this one again
we 're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she 's french
is simply too overdone .
, with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
play one lewd scene after another
why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
violent , vulgar and forgettably
the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .
shrill and soporific , and because
tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel
the glaring triteness of the plot device
plodding ,
never comes together
bad behavior
the writing is indifferent , and
only so much baked cardboard
takes its title all too literally
it 's plotless , shapeless -- and
, it 's not very interesting .
more unmentionable subjects
why ?
uselessly
it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep ,
the santa clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
a bit of a phony relationship
buzz , blab and money
floundering way
the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
the superficial way it deals with its story
directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured
bloody
completely ridiculous
a very old-school kind
what 's worse is that pelosi knows it .
does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies
probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend
dreary tale of middle-class angst
the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and
an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long
is grisly .
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce ,
ca n't rescue this effort .
a possible argentine american beauty reeks
awful sour taste
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita .
she had to sit through it again
more unattractive or odorous
that assumes you are n't very bright
dead dog
that is beyond playing fair with the audience
degrades its characters , its stars and its audience
i have returned from the beyond to warn you
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but
grayish
as pure over-the-top trash
horrible
the downward spiral comes to pass
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...
beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .
sheer dumbness
plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '
told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue
next movie
horrifyingly , ever
think this movie loves women at all
unwary viewers
every bad action-movie line in history
unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer
does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .
it 's leaden and predictable ,
many of these gross
in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
rambling examination
untrained in acting
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes
a supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .
provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses
fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .
the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people
unusual but unfortunately also
none of this is meaningful or memorable
all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
and that is where ararat went astray .
bull sessions
, ponderous and charmless
a bad run in the market or a costly divorce
painful to watch
been so aggressively anti-erotic
's little to recommend snow dogs ,
other than fling gags at it
the violence
lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade
sleeper
peculiarly
providing no real sense of suspense
does no justice to the story itself
involve a dentist drill
self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
pretty weary
our reality tv obsession ,
compressed characterisations
watery tones
that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
for beginners
ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream ,
klein
pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations
the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and
curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner
, manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .
not to believe it
collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush
two-bit potboiler .
a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan
run for your lives !
yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
mournful
the histrionic muse
get paid enough to sit through crap like this
kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
a tired , unnecessary retread ...
are simply too bland to be interesting
black indomitability
shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic .
souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in
seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
most at women 's expense
cheap junk and
supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
too literally
has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
a flat script and
falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting
beneath it
more elves and snow and
stiff and
is n't as funny
is high on squaddie banter , low
like the rock on a wal-mart budget
if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo .
, all credibility flies out the window .
` the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
pointless , stupid
is repellantly out of control
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter ,
to be bored by as your abc 's
realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .
is painful to watch
are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue
as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
sick sight
over-dramatic
cheapen the overall effect
is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
will ever be anything more than losers
pungent
could very well clinch him this year 's razzie .
a well-crafted letdown .
sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
angel of death
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
an empty exercise
no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
formal settings with motionless characters
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch ,
an ugly , revolting movie
that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless
to waste their time
that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears
is one of the biggest disappointments of the year
my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character ,
lacks it
stop watching
this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot
good intentions leads to the video store
is simply not enough of interest onscreen
a tiresome cliché
disreputable
like a cheap lawn chair
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work
brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show
is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough
a small movie
silly subplots
difficulty
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure ,
plodding picture
by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices
stodgy
if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek )
, then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest .
broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture
most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
... pray does n't have a passion for the material .
results from adhering to the messiness of true stories
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen
the absurdity of the premise
was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .
feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series
the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way .
hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring
buffoons
the mediocre end
every suspenseful cliché in the book
getting the better of obnoxious adults
's still not a good movie
is n't as sharp as the original ... despite some visual virtues , ` blade ii ' just does n't cut it .
it 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ?
what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison
the mundane
` god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes ,
manipulative and as bland
that the final product is a ghost
having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count
no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes
the soggy performances
as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful
-- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
, hypocritical
the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida
is hard to tell who is chasing who or why
uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ''
check your pulse .
sleazy moralizing
is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs
derivative , overlong , and bombastic --
ca n't rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
it appears not to have been edited at all
never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
leaden
goes bump in the night and nobody cares
that 's neither completely enlightening , nor
no psychology here , and no real narrative logic --
average bond
to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
low rate annie
as boring before i see this piece of crap again
are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep .
in its crapulence
's not original enough
is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves
a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall
most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm
put together with the preteen boy in mind .
throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean ,
the shabby digital photography
an exit sign , that is .
lacks juice and delight
by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
pretentious ,
in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
the worst possibilities of mankind
for a bad film
the nightmare
, violent and mindless
if downbeat ,
just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood
be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play
think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
from largely flat and uncreative moments
bad at a fraction the budget
on and on to the point of nausea
lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
inescapable absurdities
of outrageous force and craven concealment
is capped with pointless extremes
its clumsiness
even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly
me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch
in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
genre a bad name
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear .
my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it
just does n't have big screen magic
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...
can fully succeed at cheapening it .
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .
does little here but point at things that explode into flame
unholy
capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves
4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
an extremely flat lead performance
is almost entirely witless and inane ,
is worse
the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
typical toback machinations
creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness
singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter
does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
blandness
admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
made off with your wallet
you know the picture is in trouble .
japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman ...
the stills might make a nice coffee table book
bilked
, i have given this movie a rating of zero .
if you go , pack your knitting needles .
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
many excesses
for the toilet and scores a direct hit
`` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face .
like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .
they just do n't work in concert .
even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention
a haunting sense of malaise
, it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile
added disdain
plain old
scathing
grueling
tv cop show cliches
or , worse yet , nonexistent --
falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
slack complacency
minimal appreciation
lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
, the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .
these people
cheesy dialogue
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance ,
is both a snore and utter tripe .
is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless
of a self-destructive man
i last walked out on a movie
in the worst way
noisy and
straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company
unclean
lousy movie
guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust
as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs ,
what punk
the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but
of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice
of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film
filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car
, you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
everybody , wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
not a classic ,
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but
no new friends
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .
infamy
downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves
is hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
leaves something to be desired .
several plodding action sequences
is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean .
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
aimed at mom and dad 's wallet
skullduggery and
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .
deserving of its critical backlash and more .
's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow
ugly , revolting movie
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
but the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
depressed about anything before watching this film
the incessant use of cell phones
a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it
should have stayed there .
avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away
too crude to serve the work especially well
slap her - she 's not funny
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure
formidable arithmetic
distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .
get him a few laughs but nothing else
explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily
without much success
's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments
for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale
harsh objectivity and refusal
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers ,
to send your regrets
could fail to respond
much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice
the pretensions -- and disposable story --
was vile enough
a bland
to the concept of loss
paramount imprint
no rest period , no timeout
all its excess debris
amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue
takes a sudden turn and devolves
are totally estranged from reality .
clichés .
save everyone the misery
is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it
replacing john carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage .
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly
guessable from the first few minutes
that quickly wears out its limited welcome
elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day
watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
is that it 's a brazenly misguided project
this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
struggling to create
carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery
together frustrating difficult
that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool
lousy
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
lagging near the finish line
resident evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail .
may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
is difficult to connect with on any deeper level
... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
worse stunt editing or
again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
sucking you
particularly amateurish
which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen
like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people .
someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .
the obnoxious special effects
loud , bang-the-drum
less funny than it should be and
of those films that aims to confuse
snail-like pacing
false
has a monopoly on mindless action
outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks
manual
to get in the way
thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .
schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
lot to be desired
droll whimsy
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun
a high-minded snoozer .
hitler 's
less a movie
is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes
at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it
stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions
at odds with the rest of the film
crapulence
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance
ca n't recommend it .
proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool
, you 're far better served by the source material .
her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
angry
descends into sub-tarantino cuteness
unshapely
bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
animation back 30 years ,
keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly
would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at
is n't very funny .
does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
silly and overwrought
has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film
do n't understand what on earth is going on
the scariest guy
will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned
's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
anarchy
leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
on a wal-mart budget
the truth about charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
bored
image-mongering
` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks
dud from frame one
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism
can such a cold movie
misogyny and unprovoked
no steve martin
mediocre acting
acted and directed
exhausted by documentarians
slummer
downhill
offended by his lack of faith in his audience
a slight and uninventive movie
just a waste
gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
grew hideously twisted
it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
even the corniest and
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? '
you 'll forget about it by monday , though ,
could dredge up
felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick
with calamity
the cliché-riddled genre can offer
crass , low-wattage endeavor
anger
the viewer expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash .
you are n't very bright
one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates
in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .
the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure
this choppy and sloppy affair
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
quirky rip-off prison
that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company
a routine crime
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .
was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
, the update is dreary and sluggish .
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .
is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily
a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism
is pretty weary
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book
superficial and
seems uncertain
imponderably stilted and
viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
seem tired
last walked out on a movie
the israeli/palestinian conflict as
gathering dust
dull procession
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
between farcical and loathsome
teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
i 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled ,
unfulfilled
lack-of-attention
is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary
an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101
i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed
she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ...
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals
wallowing in hormonal melodrama
it 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar
suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion
nincompoop benigni persona
find it diverting
horrendously confusing
if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise
, it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
lulled
more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus
for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already
's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end
... too sappy for its own good .
less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
heavy-handed , manipulative
snobbery
take on loss and loneliness
is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still
the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake
what more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?
it is nearly impossible to look at or understand
an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
buck or
the acting is robotically italicized ,
manufactured to claim street credibility
too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
shame
letdown .
some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe
this leaden comedy
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert
holland lets things peter out midway , but
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
most ordinary and obvious
uncomfortable class resentment
why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
, loud , painful , obnoxious
of junk
's drab
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin
hopelessly
several cliched movie structures :
messy and frustrating
plotless collection
manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
, the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
, this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu
lacking a depth
two flagrantly fake thunderstorms
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want
may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 .
's such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
immature and unappealing
, something is rotten in the state of california
because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age
is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once
films crammed with movie references
they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half
that 's all that 's going on here .
approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga
brutal mid
can aspire but none can equal
unmemorable
blatantly biased
that may not always work
through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
take on loss and loneliness .
the film has ( its ) moments , but they are few and far between
humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?
is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
lose their luster
well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan
haphazard , and inconsequential romantic
mall movie
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .
lacks the inspiration of the original
helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair
trailer trash cinema
's worse , routine
and uninspired .
grave
grows on you -- like a rash .
is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games
too erotic
've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
never rise above the level of an after-school tv special
acting that could be any flatter
strain
such message-mongering moralism
one-sided
is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low
pure venality --
no content
a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .
emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show
the film becomes predictably conventional .
sometimes tedious --
its laziest
of insulting , both to men and women
an unsympathetic hero
pathetic , starving and untalented
get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen
much worse than bland or better than inconsequential
it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three
discover that the answer is as conventional as can be
never clearly defines his characters
wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion
, the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .
, it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
, lifeless
a poor fit
suffers from a flat script and a low budget
that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say
skims over the realities of gay sex
, low-wattage
of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film
a one-star rating
is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
not a hollywood product
over his head
disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
the acting is amateurish ,
, it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie
to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending
... a pretentious mess ...
the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art
even less capable trio
turning into a black hole of dullness
emerges as a numbingly dull experience
original nor terribly funny
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards
mindless action
is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances
two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best
on an inferior level
frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings
a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull
the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all ,
the thornier aspects
of cliches
to absurd lengths
absurdities and clichés
does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .
less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .
its 112-minute length
drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category
little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding
issue you a dog-tag and an m-16
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension ,
about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities
not once does it come close to being exciting .
a rambling and incoherent manifesto
, they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice
... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
through this mess
a schlocky creature
imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty
lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments
watching a rerun
masochism
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .
this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
sick and demented humor
is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay .
is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter
have done in half an hour
irksome characters
been called freddy gets molested by a dog
mindless
a been-there ,
soul-searching garbage .
... the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british
rank
have finally aged past his prime ... and ,
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever .
this obscenely bad dark comedy ,
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself
appropriately cynical social commentary aside ,
how can you charge money for this ? '
listless , witless , and
to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
low-rent -- and even lower-wit
'' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
unknowable
disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
the modern rut of narrative banality
has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .
cram too many ingredients
impossible spot
as unusually and unimpressively fussy
too much exploitation
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines
furious
saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek )
have to admit i walked out of runteldat
is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes
depressing
vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much
violent and mindless
taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al .
does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .
scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
with the same number of continuity errors
the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and
77 minutes of pokemon
fanboy
a disappointment
drag two-thirds through
more interested in entertaining itself
only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch
coming apart at its seams
transcends ethnic lines .
lacking any sense of commitment to
works better in the conception than it does in the execution
the shackles of its own clichés
soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore
put away
has-been
drag it down to mediocrity
what 's worse , routine
tacky and reprehensible
trying to be other films
stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .
demons
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
contradiction
trudge
yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
a kind of hard , cold effect
has it beat by a country mile
the unnamed , easily substitutable forces
the needlessly poor quality
has never looked uglier .
need comforting fantasies about mental illness
rage and alienation
very stupid and annoying .
but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
the story has its redundancies
heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable
too neat and new pin-like
brainless ,
waters it down ,
ludicrous and contrived plot
probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment
gets bogged down over 140 minutes
started with a great premise and then just fell apart
complicated plotting and banal dialogue
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
failings
comatose
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film
the answer is as conventional as can be
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart
uneven
so lackluster
is its essential problem
what the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean .
being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood
we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory
's a heaven for bad movies
rushed , slapdash ,
retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing
invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore
unimaginable demons
goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
hackery
but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
the point of nausea
blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided
leave this loser
manufactured to me and artificial
any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
it 's not particularly well made
a sad , soggy potboiler
also is difficult to fathom .
through the constraints of its source
aimless for much of its running time ,
the superficial tensions
across as shallow and glib though
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense
you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
foolish choices
about otherwise dull subjects
sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
taboo
lame and sophomoric
, my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is
's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
whether we 're supposed to shriek
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary
every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera
racism and homophobia
robbed and replaced
the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce
as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
i 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point .
's hardly any fun to watch
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .
talky films
glaring triteness
has no point and goes nowhere
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess
eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension
a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little ****
with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up
clichés
the movie lacks in action
alienating
be consigned to the dustbin of history
saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate
settles too easily along the contours of expectation
- spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .
tiny little jokes and nary an original idea
confused , and totally disorientated
the human race splitting in two
merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way
its overinflated mythology
pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
terrible , banal dialogue ;
slow , uneventful
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september .
without a glimmer of intelligence or invention
'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
low-budget , video-shot
's a bad action movie
ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film
do n't care about being stupid
farcical and loathsome
is too short
loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .
of no real consequence
staggers between flaccid satire and what
her material is not first-rate
, lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
forced to follow
as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something
dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this
does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
rolling over in their graves
, this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
unreligious
too much of storytelling moves away from solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .
bloated plot
the annoyance of that chatty fish
atrocious
, this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .
terrible story
pokey
is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
tries too hard to be emotional
the peak of all things insipid
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia .
an hour-and-a-half-long commercial
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood ,
wrong with this ricture
like a wet burlap sack of gloom
called `` jar-jar binks : the movie
rather dull , unimaginative car chase
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
, pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .
bad-movie way
kinda wrong in places
a summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack
in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings
find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie
of the worst films of the summer
squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had
's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
an underachiever ,
screeching-metal
does n't make for great cinema
, is of overwhelming waste
, at least terribly monotonous
of nonsense
taylor 's cartoonish performance
even less capable
of torture and self-mutilation
if i want music , i 'll buy the soundtrack .
is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics
a smile , just sneers and bile
and murky cinematography
that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions
to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core
water torture
you wo n't care
paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor
partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success --
cyndi lauper
it 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and
too-frosty
negligible work
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else
sad and rote exercise
an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences
have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
up as the worst kind of hubristic folly
this thing is just garbage .
might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants
is a little tired
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe ,
through the gloomy film noir veil
from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness
result in a movie that works against itself
stay with the stage versions
be me : fighting off the urge to doze
work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
donovan ... squanders his main asset ,
would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
overproduced piece
loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into
gangster
of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty
that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength
spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
, it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole
weighted down
where the film ultimately fails
... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy
bland hollywood romance
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness
, ` how can you charge money for this ? '
thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening
the substance it so desperately needs
car-wreck
it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium
either 11 times too many or else
the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
struggled
who is too crazy to be interesting
seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered
no good inside dope , and no particular bite
a film with a great premise but only a great premise
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
smokers only
snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
that 's 86 minutes too long
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme
which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
f
porno flick
a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
rather toothless take
as an evil , monstrous lunatic
, inflammatory film
cutesy reliance
choppy and sloppy affair
down to mediocrity
crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude
an uncomfortable experience
`` ( hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
no solace here , no entertainment value ,
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
comes across as lame and sophomoric
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .
utter mush ... conceited pap .
... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . ''
... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .
frustration
for a barf bag
doze off thirty minutes
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
concocted
it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
it 's tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too
is n't much to it .
, violent movie
which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece
precious little substance in birthday girl
the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it
it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .
loopy
ugliness
will probably be a talky bore .
breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina
cracked lunacy
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard
just becomes sad
from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film ,
dumb action movie
that it stinks
like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot
-- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text --
a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull
live in denial about
chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .
give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
difficult
like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people
would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered
presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson
murderous
generates little narrative momentum , and
actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best
misfiring
... might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
zzzzzzzzz
have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor
directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story
the movie has no idea of it is serious
silly overkill
an inept , tedious spoof
it 's just a kids ' flick
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect .
i killed my father
... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
incessant use
for a movie that tries to be smart
likely to induce sleep than fright
social injustice
flick cliches
the mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing
dim-witted
you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz
i 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .
starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
would have a hard time sitting through this one
big letdown
the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
sour , bloody and mean
is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential
soon-to-be-forgettable '' section
is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
an erratic career
wasted .
it 's a pale imitation .
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex
should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
offers little insight
as both shallow and dim-witted
imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
he fails .
any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
the film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut .
ai n't art ,
it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque
a cinematic car wreck ,
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .
you second-guess your affection for the original
was followed by the bad idea
is a film living far too much in its own head .
a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''
` amateur ' in almost every frame
so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian
, i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) .
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
, crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .
its faults
it is n't scary .
hated myself
, low-budget constraints
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .
disquieting
of being boring
i usually dread encountering the most
somber pacing and lack
to either effort in three hours of screen time
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families
heartache everyone
repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
's not enough substance
half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity
glum
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills
rolling over
as single-minded as john carpenter 's original
it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws ,
overwritten
is a lumbering load of hokum but
is too crazy to be interesting
suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
and slack direction
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and
aggrieved father cliché
droning house music
than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
psychopathic
hollywood-action cliches
it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama
's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art
if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd
is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable
overstays its natural running time
happens that tells you there is no sense .
dudsville
in too many conflicts
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned --
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it
cable channel
its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
crummy
easily and , in the end , not well enough
my least favorite emotions ,
washed out despite all of that
are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
hollywood-predictable
aimless story
vapid vehicle
bounces around with limp wrists
speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best ,
been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe
one-star
in denial about
thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .
is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy
have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not
loosely connected characters
farts , boobs ,
essentially ruined -- or , rather
miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes
headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender
the film is not entirely successful
is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders
nearly impossible to care about
this every-joke-has - been-told-a
will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
static set ups , not much camera movement
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .
to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
actress-producer and writer
spectacularly ugly-looking broad
unwatchable
is basically just a curiosity
make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment
) becomes more specimen than character
self-important summer fluff
monotonous
, it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
the insanity
a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle
a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters
is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .
's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
baaaaaaaaad
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance
funeral
blatant derivativeness
than a mall movie designed to kill time
is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau
the most ordinary and obvious fashion
with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller
drown yourself in a lake afterwards
makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens
ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company ,
'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
is atrocious
the shameless self-caricature
in formal settings with motionless characters
bogs down in insignificance
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
is completely lacking in charm and charisma ,
making me groggy
feces
lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .
no conversion effort
is one big , dumb action movie
ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '
, this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
flatulence
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit
deserve better .
dumb and cheesy
`` crazy ''
melodrama and tiresome love triangles
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment
ill-considered , unholy hokum .
that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in
is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .
proves tiresome ,
been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced
more problematic aspects
meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot
has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .
add up to more than body count
just ca n't take it any more
can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
mindless
self-destructiveness
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but
that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot
the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
but first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm .
once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line
you are wet in some places
hell-jaunt
'' lacks in depth
plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .
racist
nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself
's not only dull
nary a glimmer of self-knowledge
-- even more damning --
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .
that tries too hard to be emotional
what a reckless squandering of four fine
and neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
pack raw dough in my ears
heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
just goes on and on and on and on
shot two years ago
in rhetoric and cliché
there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout
you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs
an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche
can report that it is instead a cheap cliché
putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film
change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
ends up falling short as a whole
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .
doze off for a few minutes or
unlikable characters
is often preachy and poorly acted
a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer
this summer that do not involve a dentist drill
is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
tank
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but
we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes .
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
check your brain
too long and unfocused
refusal
listen to extremist name-calling ,
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and
self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and
a ragbag of cliches
need of some trims and
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .
grotesque and
of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
its dying
poorly-constructed
if considerably less ambitious ,
gave people seizures
ring hollow
made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not
crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )
is just lazy
it 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
're desperate for the evening to end
struggle tragically
makes the same mistake as the music industry
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy
pooper-scoopers
introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
of male-ridden angst
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam
earlier copycat under siege
( and probably should have
's needed so badly but what is virtually absent
an autopsy , the movie
deserve but rarely receive it
, the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
, the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
90 punitive minutes
that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film
it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
little cleavage
relentlessly globalizing
comes through all too painfully in the execution
depressingly thin and
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , ''
little visible talent
that movie was pretty bad
vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
slightest difficulty
has little to do with the story ,
done , so primitive in technique
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension
becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
ludicrous and contrived
're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat
seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk
dwindles
ruined
of pointless mayhem
no-surprise
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition .
be a bit disjointed
terminally brain dead production .
although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness
have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
it familiar and insufficiently cathartic
flopped
little style
the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
a tired , unnecessary retread
where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone
-- and gross
in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast
because the film deliberately lacks irony
has never
arrogant richard pryor wannabe
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum .
terrifying angst
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes
big time stinker
murky
none of the plot ` surprises '
most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes
, a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
deadeningly
big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
lost
finds its humor in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
downright silly
unrelentingly exploitative
who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
if you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .
approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all
pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
sloppily
gawky
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
many such biographical melodramas
it 's not an easy one to review .
less capable
is why film criticism can be considered work .
a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
definitive , if disingenuous , feature
this aging series
morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
are in tatters
why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
the unacceptable , the unmentionable
this waste
no bearing on the story
in as flat
at lengthy dialogue scenes
the somber pacing and lack
it made me feel unclean ,
've seen it all before
it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind
morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
an unfortunate title
i 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back
consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas
it a failure as straight drama
an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight
plain bad .
staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation
toothless
's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama .
notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
an ordeal
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .
has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows
delusions
cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts
so hideously and clumsily
it has some problems
shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
of the unsalvageability
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be ,
with an amateurish screenplay
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and
it would be better to wait for the video .
manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise
while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up
is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses
miserably
in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again
'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
boring , pretentious muddle
as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
irrelevant
blind to the silliness
you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
desultory
if this is cinema
should be tried as a war criminal
other than the very sluggish pace )
i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
on the monster 's path of destruction
is to substitute plot for personality .
an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy .
this sad , compulsive life
paints an absurdly simplistic picture
is in need of a scented bath
like running out screaming
through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
a travesty
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on .
corrupt and hedonistic weasels
superfluous sequel
are they like humans , only hairier
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way
lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing
hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
not too filling
worst movies
on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
an unbelievably stupid film
alienate
a generic bloodbath that often becomes
the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale
committed dumbness
it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt
the worst kind of hubristic folly
the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
unmentionable
the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...
has already reached its expiration date
grow boring
taken as a whole , the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up .
middle-of-the-road blandness
seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary
that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films
just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ;
clichéd and
is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
trivializing it
the bad sound ,
know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
all the halfhearted zeal
contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
banal bore
squandering
comically dismal social realism
treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina
's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 -
desperately needed
, he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable
unexplainable
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
the problem with wendigo ,
have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role
passe '
when one has nothing else to watch
achingly sad
medium-grade network sitcom
where nothing really happens .
could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
lower-wit
a sudden turn and devolves
a little more intensity
without cheesy fun factor
is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot
more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
detract from the athleticism
no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .
of hollywood heart-string plucking
most offensive
overwrought and crudely literal
the lousy tarantino imitations
there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
's nothing very attractive about this movie
scarcely worth a mention
like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas
bad trip
many bona fide groaners among too few laughs
than to rush to the theater for this one
indecent
a less-than-thrilling thriller .
luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing
depth or complexity
last year 's lame musketeer
deeply pessimistic
... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares ,
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .
becoming irritating
's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points
deceit
is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness
farts , urine , feces
bargain-basement european pickup
borderline insulting
disingenuous ,
does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but
cheap , graceless , hackneyed
we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
to be fully forgotten
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
're desperate for the evening to end .
surprisingly short of both adventure and song
aging series
i ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .
combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
thinks-it-is joke
this dog of a movie
falters
are far more alienating than involving .
has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
`` horrible '' and `` terrible
if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication
it 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
rent the disney version
dupe the viewer
turd
ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
little-known perspective
is stiff or just plain bad .
doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
drags it back
mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant
a minimalist beauty and the beast
is n't quite out of ripe
toilet humor , ethnic slurs
overflowing septic tank
then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .
sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are
is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
put you off
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find
some unpaid intern
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
adams just copies from various sources
is too much of a plunge
makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john
twice as bestial but half as funny
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
a phlegmatic bore ,
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul
will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor
anguished
make for a bad film
in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
unfocused and tediously exasperating
on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
a total washout
summer fluff
the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect
hard-driving narcissism is a given
being surprisingly dull
in a fat man 's navel
rejected must have been astronomically bad
a simple `` goddammit
thornier
claustrophobic
drags during its 112-minute length
fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless
paper-thin and
the next a turgid drama
negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship
's hardly a necessary enterprise .
ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin
, i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?
to the illogic of its characters
a low-budget series
's not trying to laugh at how bad
long and relentlessly saccharine
lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this
written , flatly
she 's not funny
as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops
've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness
remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt
is a horrible movie
the film 's desire to be liked sometimes
unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
you missed the point
has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness
deceptions
proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny
but a little too smugly
believe that resident evil is not it
go back and choose to skip it
run-of-the-mill profanity
mediocre movie
all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own
the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
93 minutes of unrecoverable life
's self-defeatingly decorous
but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
a sour taste in one 's mouth ,
of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... ( it ) comes off like a hallmark commercial
obnoxious 88-minute
is disappointing
footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire
plainly dull and visually ugly
another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
even predictable remake
is distressingly rote
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
be used to burn every print of the film
takes too long to shake
like a prison stretch
it 's self-defeatingly decorous
if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license
it 's not really funny
savagely
indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
tendency to slip into hokum
to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
find an escape clause
disturbing disregard
by folks worthy of scorn
achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence
a failure of storytelling
jackass is a vulgar and
drama that takes itself all too seriously
, but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
dislikable
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre ,
updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a -
contains no wit , only labored gags .
bogged down over 140 minutes
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama
sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it
old porridge
familiar and predictable ,
a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .
is its reliance on formula
it feels much longer
freddy gets molested by a dog
sadly , ` garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '
what kind of sewage
can see coming a mile away
the script by vincent r. nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
lots of hollywood fluff
awful snooze .
sentimentalized
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy
prozac nation
mediocre end
is amateurish
're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic
's too close to real life to make sense
illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood
tainted
tired stereotypes
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
tragic waste
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
they do n't fit well together
does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen
're far better served by the source material
of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
the intended , er , spirit
personified in the film 's simple title
condescending stereotypes
`` sorority boys '' was funnier ,
as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
( t ) he ideas of revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .
its paint fights , motorized scooter chases
little action , almost
it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie
has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .
clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes
too stagey
offers a desperately ingratiating performance
tired , unimaginative and derivative
stale
one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms
seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .
same old story
shallow styles
ends up sounding like satire
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and
begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
the most moronic screenplays
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing ,
be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker
disquietingly
muddy psychological
a film that comes along every day .
thoughtlessly assembled
though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
( carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated
cheap cliché
slopped `
faint of heart or conservative of spirit
of the lightweight female empowerment
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .
a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism
of purpose or even a plot
seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
to suffer '
's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say
is workmanlike in the extreme
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
overtly silly dialogue
happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence
bad writing ,
to make their way through this tragedy
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
the journey does n't really go anywhere .
'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
of ridiculousness
a milquetoast movie
is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
is difficult to fathom .
a road-trip drama
flat and
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but
by the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
film that loses sight of its own story
run for your lives
truly terrible .
severe flaws
sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
seriously dumb
old garbage
, bad , bad movie
, can prevent its tragic waste of life
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful
's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
suffers from all the excesses of the genre .
have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !
while not for every taste
weepy melodrama
flimsy flicks
's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context
kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare .
did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy
would be a total washout .
's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
beg the question ` why
twisted shapes history
lurid and less than lucid work .
fine music never heard
relentlessly downbeat
director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .
, his little changes ring hollow
to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen
the retro gang melodrama
overcooked soufflé
not-so-funny
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful
to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
it made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire .
dumb story
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke
amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise
retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash
have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors
plastered with one hollywood cliche
weird little movie
poo-poo jokes
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) genre a bad name .
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .
i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
an average b-movie
confined
sinks further and further
us to forget most of the film 's problems
bad company .
any less psycho
worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production
too stagy
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold .
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film
could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
fairly predictable psychological thriller
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .
teeth-gnashing actorliness
one of them
too heavy for the plot
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
an uneasy mix
if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .
just a string of stale gags
is little else
lacks the utter authority of a genre gem
, this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .
, it already has one strike against it .
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast
are acting horribly
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
a way that verges on the amateurish
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .
is bad
me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder .
is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
... watching it was painful .
` unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
world trade center tragedy
plod
, featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
went 8 movies ago
is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless
too mushy
's just rather leaden and dull .
the only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .
lumbering , wheezy
you feel like a sucker
is n't one true ` chan moment '
routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling
clumsiness
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
, common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .
could restage the whole thing in your bathtub
a low-budget affair , tadpole
do anything
bias
is hartley 's least accessible screed
's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary
slightly less successful than the first
a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film ,
instantly forgettable
unsatisfying
a glorified episode
's a lousy one at that .
wars
are neither original
dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
does n't live up to material
is rather choppy
that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
the average white band 's `` pick up the pieces
grow boring ...
invites unflattering comparisons
why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ?
by now intolerable
although made on a shoestring and unevenly
is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts
the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
this waste of time
that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic
conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way
cheap , b movie way
a copy of a copy of a copy
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and
mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies
for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
, instantly disposable
redundant , sloppy
do n't even like their characters
will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . ''
others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting ,
lifeless rumblings
major problem
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting
vanity project
's very beavis and butthead , yet always
, no-frills ride
, unmemorable filler .
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies
there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
confessions is n't always coherent ,
but it was n't .
crummy-looking videotape
this is downright movie penance
the slow , lingering death of imagination
is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew
no thanks .
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them
is lacking
buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free
problematic
del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
fling gags at it
only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them
gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .
unfunny tricks
stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline
cruel , misanthropic stuff
bland police procedural details , fiennes
's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring
control-alt-delete simone
's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message
terrible
tiresome jargon
even more predictable , cliche-ridden
unrelentingly grim --
fear and paranoia
there 's not nearly enough that 's right
the movie is all portent and no content
ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
i have given this movie a rating of zero .
is n't downright silly
is careless and unfocused .
a bit exploitative
fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian
gutter romancer 's
shrewd
the most part a useless movie
crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins
thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
the material and the production itself are little more than routine .
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one
shabby digital photography
rerun
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche
the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
unpleasant
cheesier to cheesiest
muddled
tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
will be two hours gained
bore most audiences
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick
feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
takes its central idea way too seriously
annoying and
you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment
would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud .
no big whoop
occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
dopey old
craven
subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film
most horrific
most immediate and most obvious
gaunt
be a bit of a cheat in the end
something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe
philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
unfulfilling
direct-to-video stuff
a can of 2-day old coke
charge money for this ?
over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
through this picture i was beginning to hate it
so many red herrings ,
be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work
technical flaws to get in the way
the triviality
kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 .
is so pat it makes your teeth hurt
that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions
the teeny-bopper set
wish had been developed with more care
of american pie hijinks
the film 's creepy
... instead go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .
look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation
the ridiculousness of its premise
flakeball
no amount of good acting
horrible pains
been there , done that ,
laughable
seems a bit on the skinny side
same love story
i have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .
guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) .
's already a joke in the united states .
-- lots of boring talking heads , etc. --
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour
unimaginative
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous
has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
an overly-familiar set
this wafer-thin movie
should never have been brought out of hibernation
it never rises to its clever what-if concept .
it 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's .
will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
avarice and damaged dreams
devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants
the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein
an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story
distanced us
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .
` opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us
relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ...
its screwed-up characters
though the story ... is hackneyed
seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
boring talking heads ,
, `` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.
provides an invaluable service
hackneyed elements
plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap
i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care
seems embarrassed by his own invention
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
a lot more bluster than bite
attempts , in vain
guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
uninteresting , unlikeable people
did n't have an original bone in his body
contrived , unmotivated , and
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
lagging
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it
a sour taste in your mouth
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really ,
a sham
mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
this bitter italian comedy
how thoroughly unrewarding all of this
who cares ? ) .
is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog
is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises .
the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
ham-fisted
can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences
a big letdown
snooze .
often heartbreaking
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game
`` terrible
a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art
turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .
all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own
pointless , tasteless and idiotic
a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and
seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
what a reckless
self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
, unconvincing
its usual worst
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
remains
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title .
( denis ' ) bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
realized that i just did n't care
clumsy dialogue
this turgid fable
does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
... for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
's really unclear why this project was undertaken
empty
to sag in certain places
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and
of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .
drag two-thirds through ,
so preachy-keen and
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video ,
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese
a faulty premise
never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
characters ramble
encumbers itself
is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children
lousy script
cartoonish clichés and sneering humor
the dead horse
the tuxedo was n't just bad ;
of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction ,
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side , longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
subject as monstrous
already thin story
of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone
college keg party
decomposition
comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature
's 86 minutes too long
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray
wishing that you and they were in another movie
make it sting
conceivable mistake
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
become annoying and artificial
the unfulfilling , incongruous ,
undone by a sloppy script
that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard
to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises
the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
to be had from films crammed with movie references
dullingly repetitive
formuliac
a complete waste
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room ,
denying
pushiness
is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
's easier to change the sheets
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so
ill-considered
passe
as a tragic figure
in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
paranoid
` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
uncompelling
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master
between dumb fun and just plain dumb
falling short
a bad idea
with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame
lazy
sent back
than bland
annoying , is n't it
where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating
a nightmare
to crush depth
and it is n't that funny
painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
have otherwise been bland and
's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits
ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long .
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but
could hate it for the same reason
was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
another disjointed
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but
go down with a ship as leaky as this
in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
that perverse element
is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .
frustrations
down over 140 minutes
insult
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and
as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
is grotesque and boring
the troubling thing
a cinematic disaster
even lower-wit
awkward hybrid
of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
highly-praised disappointments i
can be numbing
messy and frustrating ,
errors
silly humbuggery ...
of cheesy dialogue
was written for no one
cesspool
it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative
likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
could be any flatter
laborious pacing
are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
been trying to forget
certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate
a little fleeing of its own
dubious product
upfront that the plot makes no sense
lightweight , uneven action comedy
anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here
, my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor ,
is not edward burns ' best film
few new converts
cringing
wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential
is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy
damage
feels counterproductive
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .
this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing
it 's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf .
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but
its surprises limp
back-stabbing
have a tendency to slip into hokum
fade from memory
, it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) .
offers no new insight on the matter , nor
to lead a group of talented friends astray
's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame
exhaustingly contrived
then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
one of those so-so films that could have been much better .
did n't mean much to me
those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
predicament
silly beyond comprehension
knocks it flat
an infuriating film .
with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
not-so-small problem
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in .
you had already seen that movie
that works against itself
this franchise has not spawned a single good film .
thousand cliches
film that suffers because of its many excesses
pinheads
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .
( a ) mess .
at times , it actually hurts to watch .
is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial
, there is n't much to it .
two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots
another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
aan opportunity wasted .
pulp melodrama
that is the central flaw of the film
finally has failed him .
an out of place metaphor
's the worst movie of 2002
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .
to put up with 146 minutes of it
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .
is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults
fairly ludicrous
uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...
does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
weighs down the tale with bogus profundities
pulpy concept
aimless for much of its running time
's most offensive
holes and completely lacking in chills
absurdities
does n't really know or care about the characters ,
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem ,
's where the film ultimately fails
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence
saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
silly fluff
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .
seems embarrassed
fairly weak
has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
seven rip-off
on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
the holes in this film
that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth
should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad
's got the brawn , but not the brains
realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about
its material that is deliberately unsettling
if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump .
the overuse of special effects
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .
shakespeare
serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare
, murky and weakly acted
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car .
wreck
unsettling subject matter
a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
a single iota worse
one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue
arduous journey
the worst excesses
rather unfocused
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , '
strains
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline
you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
, the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
captive by mediocrity .
as glum as mr. de niro
crane 's decline
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and
the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest ,
another genre exercise
aftertaste
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .
i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
how lame
, the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time .
to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california
brainless , but
sometimes improbable
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
does n't generate a lot of energy .
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .
a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s
been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life
an inconsequential
's also not very good .
despite the surface attractions
worse , routine
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
, in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is
watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
sacrificed for the sake of spectacle
looked like crap
of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel
tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy
cliches , painful improbability and
could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty ,
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts
is dudsville .
so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks
both contrived and cliched
can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
, pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
constricted
too-conscientious adaptation
the empty theaters
irony
will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious
under-10 set
a loud , ugly , irritating movie
to long for the end credits
clumsy
looking for a return ticket
the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects
it 's makes a better travelogue than movie .
amateurish screenplay
wo n't stand the cold light of day
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny ,
works better the less the brain is engaged
ultimately flawed
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .
sucks . '
may be a bit disjointed
but i had a lot of problems with this movie .
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
one of the worst films of 2002 .
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator --
damned in queen of the damned
it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '
unholy mess
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .
of hell
rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
patchy combination
is just lazy writing .
he refuses to give us real situations and characters
stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter
never knew what the hell was coming next
ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . ''
the tinny self-righteousness
damn weird
if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest .
left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence
conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
it pushes its agenda too forcefully
is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
me no lika da accents so good , but
an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject --
really rattling the viewer
painfully formulaic and stilted
of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes
causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .
macabre
it is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
thoroughly awful .
almost senseless
warm nor fuzzy
brutal 90-minute battle sequence
barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations
's nothing interesting in unfaithful
a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development
there 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room
the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
character-who-shall - remain-nameless
cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine
painful elegy
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination
rendered tedious
that it 's hardly watchable
not-nearly
the highly predictable narrative falls short
definite room for improvement
the thrown-together feel
feeling embarrassed
are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid .
, flawed humanity
the whole mess
wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...
feels less
dumb ,
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow .
imitative
the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge '
authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless
story and his juvenile camera movements
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .
sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
the mayhem in formula 51
's just rather leaden and dull
dirty old man
once overly old-fashioned
scam
suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject
it 's all surface psychodramatics .
done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation
you thought would leave you cold
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ?
choppy recycling
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
atrociously
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
of exploitative garbage
sitting around
static set ups , not much camera movement ,
there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .
generally insulting
shunji iwai 's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan .
suck
what a pity
little substance
succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling
and `` terrible
who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
utterly static
torments and
drops the ball
term an `` ambitious failure
promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups
goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room ''
low-tech
he does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both
've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but
even more ludicrous
tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
forgotten the movie
's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
went astray
) soulless
's an unhappy situation
too straight-faced
, we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament
humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be
loathsome
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all --
yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner
a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '
i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant
in the wrong hands
but it 's just too too much
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ;
those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .
would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .
idiotic and ugly .
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
the dimming
endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
seems to want to be a character study ,
so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
runs out of steam
plays like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .
it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
with the unexplained baboon cameo
smothered
turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
merely very bad
reality drain
must have baffled the folks in the marketing department
potentially trite and overused concept
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine
know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .
pollyana would reach for a barf bag
if the full monty was a freshman fluke
surprisingly uninvolving
in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ...
succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth
immature and
, the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
it 's horribly depressing and not very well done .
a predictable , manipulative stinker .
is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening
almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off
on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
sweet home abomination
the movie 's sophomoric blend
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .
waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading
say nothing of boring
might not give a second look if we passed them on the street
way too full
a bumper
all too literally
less a movie than
a ) soulless
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies .
poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat
made me want to pack raw dough in my ears
in between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
, are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
unpaid
anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .
the movie is as padded as allen 's jelly belly .
borscht
even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison
did i miss something ? ''
the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .
as a director , eastwood is off his game --
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?
lived in a state of quiet desperation
its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing
( t ) he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
simply not funny performers
these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
complete mess
often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional , even
can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?
left with a sour taste in your mouth
the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch
does n't really add up to much .
a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness
dislocation
a sub-formulaic slap in the face
affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes
slovenly life
how much he runs around and acts like a doofus
clumsy and rushed
the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision
poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
his life drew to a close
but uninvolving
delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) .
popped up with more mindless drivel
it 's mildly amusing , but i certainly ca n't recommend it .
be a total washout
deserves the hook
made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
painful nuance
a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
loser
a sense-of-humour failure
grows on you -- like a rash
dim-witted pairing
you 're not
complaint
does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears
bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue
undeniably hard
the criminal world
indifference
meager weight
the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
the thing about guys like evans is this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie
yet lacking about everything
cuaron repeatedly
so unsympathetic
gasp , shudder
thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer
screwed-up characters
feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
difficult to connect with on any deeper level
a film so graceless and devoid
damaged
failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs
grisly
rather toothless
is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
the thing just never gets off the ground .
the fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme 's good films
devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
but it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
unnamed , easily substitutable
with the exception of mccoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .
's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre
mundane '70s disaster flick
nothing funny
embarrassingly
the action clichés just pile up .
m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema
inept and
( a ) soulless ,
the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time .
lame musketeer
absurd
by shooting itself in the foot
one relentlessly depressing situation
rather cold-blooded comedy
saccharine sentimentality
sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
inconsequential
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and
the action clichés
can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject
relentlessly depressing
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year
hard-to-swallow
scratch a hole in your head
disappointing in comparison
cult
is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible
artificial and opaque
fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin
makes two hours feel like four .
it 's one long bore .
jealousy
rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .
petty
to keep this from being a complete waste of time
badly awry
making a vanity project with nothing new
simplistic story
we can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
stilted
is insipid
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going
fabricated
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes ,
not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean
everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth
garde
every cliche
this pretentious mess
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle ,
as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , ( franco ) has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
are so overstated
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .
gives the lie to many clichés and
very handsomely produced let-down
for its overwhelming creepiness
being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .
those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
the movie 's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism
manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
blandly
no particular bite
less a story
a shrill , didactic cartoon
too predictably , in fact .
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .
incoherence reigns .
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots .
a 95-minute commercial
, the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
overbearing
you do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california .
realized the harsh reality of my situation
awkward interplay and utter lack
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
emotional buttons
do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
entertainment opportunism at its most glaring
a holy fool
still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work
going nowhere fast
be distasteful to children and adults alike
unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient
`` shock humor ''
feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
with an utterly incompetent conclusion
considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
becomes instead a grating endurance test .
, rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
, snide and prejudice .
cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
you might as well be watching a rerun
a pedestrian , flat drama
what we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .
it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative
idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea
overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .
emotional misery
resemble the shapeless
sneering
wasted minutes of sandler
too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible
but undernourished and plodding .
seems embarrassed by his own invention and
to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it
co-writer/director jonathan parker 's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
such a flat , plodding picture
bad sound
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
tepid and choppy recycling
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
a rerun
the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category ,
manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly
dull in its lack of poetic frissons
as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
in sorrow
is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally
so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects
pretend like your sat scores are below 120
silly and monotonous
worst sin
need agile performers
unpredictable character
spin hopelessly out
be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
collapses under its own meager weight
with the terrifying message
a bit of a downer and a little
not-very-funny
another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...
redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star
the movie is hardly a masterpiece ,
often downright creepy
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest ,
sewage
the weak payoff
formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
bitter end
is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age
cheap-looking version of candid camera
cliche with little new added .
crassly flamboyant
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan ,
disagreeable
just another generic drama
no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
, you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard .
bad movies
running off
been astronomically bad
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly
unimaginable
leaving questions in its wake
just a string of stale gags ,
too ludicrous and borderline insulting
, lame screenplay
devastating
a ponderous and pretentious endeavor
dull moment
he 's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow !
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged
been told and retold
bad the film 's story does not live up to its style
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
, is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is
self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera
tells us nothing new
is of the darkest variety
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .
into splatter movies
derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
dud from frame one .
maid in manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script
low-grade
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and
is rigid and evasive in ways
uneven performances
a dreary movie .
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious
to remake sleepless in seattle again and again
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue
seems more tacky and reprehensible
a deficit
screwing things up old school
's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics .
tinged with tragic undertones
that never
of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure
to our dismay
, obnoxious 88-minute
putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices
the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
warmed-over cold war paranoia
is the most visually unappealing
, the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price
was just a matter of ` eh
does n't add up
an incongruous summer playoff
mundane soap opera
to arrest development in a dead-end existence
is not
lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success
somewhat tired premise
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience
a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration
kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
turd squashed
knucklehead swill
the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
decide what annoyed me most about god is great
this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip
self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman
by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
no lika
a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo
it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
missed opportunity
undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards
, it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
undone
is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .
allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france
hardhearted scrooge
7th heaven
ensues are much blood-splattering
unlike
dialogue and plot lapses
it comes off as annoying rather than charming
a number of holes
, i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .
despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes
to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
written , flatly ,
a snore
too predictable and
plodding
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
manipulative and
the plot offers few surprises
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home
it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
ends up being neither
construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis
goes straight to video
the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay
might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults
gaping
enigma lacks it .
it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
lack contrast , are murky and
muddled ,
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?
promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight
fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938
marginal
hyper-artificiality
place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality
like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments
pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead
a such a brainless flibbertigibbet
ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness
to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
an overly sillified plot
too much to do , too little time to do it in
, here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .
spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say
that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
, juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
supposedly funny
fairly slow paced
oddly detached
a bad imitation
being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
that made the full monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work
that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ?
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy
feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks
all the same problems the majority of action comedies have
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers
sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's
of the grieving process
either 11 times too many or else too few
by the time it 's done with us ,
wears out its limited welcome
's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so
could have been a daytime soap opera
the crassness of this reactionary thriller
stuffiest cinema goers
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey ,
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l.a. to that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
really bad imitation
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing
ca n't sustain it .
to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire
modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare
that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
that the franchise 's best years are long past
puréed mélange
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking ,
all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .
the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about
obvious as telling a country skunk
is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
a pathetic exploitation film
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role --
a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him
is a step down for director gary fleder .
feels like a glossy rehash
pushes too hard
seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking
laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period
too much obvious padding
this is not an easy film .
the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
could take me back to a time before i saw this movie
that it has n't gone straight to video
it 's plotless , shapeless
subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer
is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** .
is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .
along looking for astute observations and coming up blank
the characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
seem disappointing
the face of death
horrendously
not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous
gross romanticization
of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged
the inherent absurdity
another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title .
avoid
for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why
they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up
mean-spirited film
made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire .
colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza
bogs down in genre cliches here
when not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
sucks , but has a funny moment or two
has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better
uneven ,
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
clichéd to a fault
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character --
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
make you feel like a sucker
chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
soap opera-ish dialogue
poor
is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most
two tedious
a nearly terminal case
( t ) oo many of these gross out scenes ...
stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
genial-rogue shtick
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense .
purgatory county
is way , way off .
is the central flaw of the film
of the bad reviews
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks
we never feel anything for these characters , and
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike
rumor
reach for a barf bag
`` radical '' or `` suck ''
lurid and less
a dead-end existence
sad nonsense ,
run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets
scuzzy underbelly
larded
foundering performance
lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
resident evil is not it
fighting the same fights
visually atrocious
poking their genitals into fruit pies
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing
a lousy one
baffling mixed platter
finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful
the problem with all of this : it 's not really funny .
charmless
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
... unlike ( scorsese 's mean streets ) , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
it 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
odoriferous thing ...
, your senses are as mushy as peas
, no one can hear you snore
half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2
cruel
relative letdown .
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license
the laborious pacing and
massive cardiac arrest
is sorely lacking .
far short
suffer the same fate
failing
purposeless
the story goes nowhere
it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
kung pow is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
shallow , noisy and pretentious
posing as a real movie .
wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
weaknesses
the home video market
, it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and
can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )
vulgarity , sex scenes
sleep-inducingly
by a disastrous ending
's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet
authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless ,
sorry use of aaliyah in her one
in this every-joke-has - been-told-a
how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
almost humdrum approach to character development
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them
redolent of a thousand cliches
exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
is a bore
off-puttingly cold
children behave like adults and everyone
his aversion
though the film is static
self-defeatingly decorous
lifeless execution
tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here
a pasolini film without passion or politics
could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans
run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already
another clever if pointless excursion
with no good inside dope , and no particular bite
skidding
disposable
admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
inconclusive
do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money
cheap scam
to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
dreadful
ill-advised and
believe that people have lost the ability to think
ragbag
mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
self-consciously arty
drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
poky
two-day old porridge
horrible poetry
` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy .
wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step
ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care
there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
you 're almost dozing
mind-destroying cinematic pollution
a tired tyco ad
uncinematic but
druggy
used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending
the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
severe body odor
used my two hours better watching
no such thing is a big letdown .
the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
manipulation or corny conventions
pointless mayhem
nincompoop
those with a modicum of patience
not a good movie
it does n't work as either .
that it risks monotony
result in a movie that works against itself .
overstimulated
an absurd finale
the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
vulgar innuendo
a 94-minute travesty
face frightening late fees
stevens is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
rotten
so insanely stupid ,
`` sorority boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad
that verges on the amateurish
that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence
a disappointment
seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .
sink the movie .
is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail
older
tired jokes
for the most part , the film is deadly dull
action sequences and some of the worst dialogue
racist humor
technical flaws
feels incredibly hokey
, i hated myself in the morning .
pure venality
a surprisingly juvenile lark ,
even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light
its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through
the gloomy film noir veil
as a ghost story gone badly awry
choose to skip it
, brash and mainly unfunny
's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
, big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker
jason x is this bad on purpose
, the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break
the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .
does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve
bad to be good
... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
me feel unclean
were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke 's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` do not go gentle into that good theatre . '
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan
intellectually and logistically a mess .
's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf .
b movie
of adolescent sturm und drang
crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality
we 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
the story ... is hackneyed
we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and
oppressive
looking down at your watch and
marginal characters
be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title
it 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .
it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence
taylor 's cartoonish performance and
... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film
there 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale .
they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either
sorrowful lows
're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
only so much baked cardboard i need to chew
disguise 24/7
forget its absurdity
any naked teenagers horror flick
is not an easy film .
noticeable lack
of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much
ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter
that 's where the film ultimately fails
grow increasingly disturbed
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution
from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic
disapproval
rape and
silly -- and gross --
is n't worth telling
denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
-- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino --
believing people were paid to make it
stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric
if you saw it on tv , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
buried , drowned
rambling
the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood
almost perpetually wasted
is painfully bad
lacking substance and soul
bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner .
graceless and devoid
it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
embarrassingly ham-fisted
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing ,
why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad
is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
is too heady for children , and too preachy
a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp
misuse
unflattering
one thing 's for sure -- if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
totally estranged from reality
and poorly-constructed comedy
dreadful day
exploitation film
a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
controversy
needs to pull his head out of his butt
's hardly watchable
not amused by the sick sense of humor
needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ?
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be
as moronic as some campus
ploddingly melodramatic structure
by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
not well-acted
wishy-washy .
unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema
love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots .
the psychology too textbook to intrigue
, it 's pretty stupid .
, preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
a nationwide blight
breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
more hackneyed elements
is as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair
, in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .
if you 're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake .
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle
is more depressing than entertaining
wrong reasons
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not
negligible british comedy .
sacrificing its high-minded appeal
they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude
simplistic , silly and tedious .
to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
ugly , pointless , stupid movie
rolling your eyes in the dark
no charm ,
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché
if only merchant paid more attention the story .
does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
every punchline predictable
no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
feral and uncomfortable .
bogus
are typical sandler fare
george 's haplessness
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it .
on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
should have been a painless time-killer
it 's drab .
the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness
romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going
as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions
frustratingly timid and soggy
because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .
a community-college advertisement
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story
, steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
this is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .
have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
was painful
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
is that it does n't give a damn
walked out of runteldat
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ;
woefully hackneyed
re-fried
was just a matter of ` eh . '
so unmemorable
's been done before
bags
have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot
dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
thinly-conceived
've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .
this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic .
rewritten , and
snow dogs finds its humor in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .
explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens
near-fatal mistake
banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
the christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it
gone a tad less for grit and a lot more
the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances
a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
slip into the modern rut of narrative banality
pretentious
tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump
telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug
outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .
it 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after ( seagal 's ) earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .
kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script
're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles
down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow
a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .
lousy guy ritchie imitation
more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .
wheezy
those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .
realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
here are unintentional .
have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma
looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer
that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
something is rotten in the state of california
why it fails
one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid
and unfunny tricks
insignificant
receiving war department telegrams
consciously dumbed-down approach
rut
has no teeth
a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september
trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge
lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank
tensions
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff ,
dreaded
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary
be occupied for 72 minutes
is often preachy
is twice as bestial but half as funny .
a turkey
of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .
fragmented
's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work .
money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots
that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
a lack
gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along
overripe episode
, overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other
incompetent , incoherent or
the problematic script
is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad
it stinks
sloppy plotting
undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality
hate myself most mornings
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending
cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that
only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite
than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
too many characters
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation ,
suspend your disbelief here and now ,
in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
angry potshots
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .
unimaginative comedian
( but none of the sheer lust )
glosses over rafael 's evolution
especially with the weak payoff
offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar
put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes
made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars
there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
plotless
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well
flat , flat dialogue
no real narrative logic
proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .
impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure
does n't leave you with much
film ' in the worst sense of the expression
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
paid enough to sit through crap like this
a film that has nothing
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie ,
none-too-funny commentary
rather tired
has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
inane ramblings
most of the distance
stale first act , scrooge story ,
ignore
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence
he just slopped ` em together here
a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage
the same mistake
two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema
leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions
a painful ride
an odd drama
just plain
celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs
worst thing
the dialogue frequently misses the mark
-- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia --
the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits
's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly
he 's just adjusting
poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting
a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
every one ( and no one )
shoddy
jealous
are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed
forgets to make it entertaining
by-the-numbers yarn .
this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
notorious reputation
you thought was going to be really awful
legal battle
crash-and-bash
his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
death and mind-numbing indifference
it has definite weaknesses
racial profiling hollywood style
being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
they spend years trying to comprehend it
that there is no rest period , no timeout
way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
everything is off .
is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .
dialogue , 30 seconds of plot
hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
shamefully
, you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
seems to want to be a character study , but apparently
scream
- worst of all -
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
hollywood trap
lumpen
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising
false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices
that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises
is nonexistent .
apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters
illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey
slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale
the worst elements of all of them
... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
childlike dimness
hymn and a cruel story of youth culture
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing
the unfulfilling
has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness
already-shallow
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring
is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications
has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
such superficial treatment
ludicrous
sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell
limitations
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché
a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition
has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references .
there 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
ms. phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale
of spectacular belly flops
by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations
is horrible
the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor
increasingly disturbed
is less about a superficial midlife crisis
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
paper thin
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works
that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category
becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen
repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences
it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
you 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
devoid
subtle direction
's probably not easy to make such a worthless film
is hardly journalism at all
dies .
a sentimental mess that never rings true
the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
, this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .
is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
, but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
little room
there is n't much to it .
dispassionate
strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful
in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .
halfwit
a cliché left unsaid
that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard
, ( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but
lots of sloppiness
any country
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered .
gain the unconditional love she seeks
, at last count , numbered 52 different versions
gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés .
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .
urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte
deathly
shooting
may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere
confusing melange
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .
weighted down with slow
impish
, you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine .
falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film
could be a single iota worse ...
charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it
is n't as sharp or as fresh
in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
largely flat and uncreative
of almost perpetually wasted characters
demeaning its subjects
does n't really add up to much
bang your head on the seat in front of you ,
i was beginning to hate it
to be ignored
he 's already done way too often
is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
opera-ish dialogue
cheapo
jagged camera moves
an absurdly simplistic picture
it 's not original enough .
contemptible imitator
no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory days
from the writing and direction to the soggy performances
disastrous ending
a critical and commercial disaster
mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way ,
major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid
makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison
crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment
pompous references
be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
for most movies , 84 minutes is short ,
partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .
remain interested , or at least conscious
if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .
insufficiently cathartic
that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
, frightening war scenes
does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
is nearly incoherent ,
feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
enough
sloppy
too boring and obvious
truly egregious lip-non-synching
own floundering way
lacks balance ...
it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own
that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up
two-dimensional and pointless
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises
by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
been a confusing and horrifying vision
with very little story or character
woody , what happened ?
was n't one of the film 's virtues
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork .
to the phrase ` fatal script error
pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie
i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops
sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
be able to find better entertainment
in a sea of visual and verbal clichés
loneliness and insecurity
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other john woo flick for that matter
was botched in execution
tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
seem irritatingly transparent
is disappointingly generic .
though their story is predictable
is n't much better
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us :
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to
too convenient
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
toolbags
bad idea
's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best
resolutely unamusing ,
that 's lived too long
a dreadful day
a movie where story is almost an afterthought
inescapable past and uncertain future
are both listless
pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral
to ultimately disappoint the action
vincent became more and more abhorrent
frustrated
that makes michael jordan jealous
inexcusable dumb
thrown-together feel
the outer limits of raunch
in the wrong hands , i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
she does little here but point at things that explode into flame
wearisome
saddled
for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance
punishable by chainsaw
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama
's worse
seriously dumb characters
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved ,
overlong and not well-acted ,
its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
its recycled aspects , implausibility
, its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
was reportedly rewritten a dozen times
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
it 's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .
the very hollowness
does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks
goes for sick and demented humor simply
broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
` hungry-man portions of bad '
tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess .
as bad at a fraction the budget
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .
that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed
a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and
in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) .
saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops
mean-spirited lashing
more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display
may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . ''
in a sense , that 's a liability .
into a dreary , humorless soap opera
a term paper
a zombie movie in every sense
seems like someone going through the motions
you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
the ordeal of sitting through it
hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
desperately
wrong with performances here
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .
the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless
the audacity to view one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .
running on empty
becomes a bit of a mishmash
as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
major acting lessons and
hastily and
does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
, incoherent
b-movie
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight ,
is just garbage .
jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations
undernourished and
this insane
rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance
a terrible movie that some people
there 's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship
sink into melancholia
seems to be coasting .
lying
if you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .
a sleep-inducing thriller
shapeless
deafening
grievous
the death
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .
... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
one has nothing else to watch
not scary , not smart and not engaging
spirit-crushing ennui
adultery
poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
evil , monstrous lunatic
nothing special and , until the final act ,
in `` unfaithful
the most repugnant adaptation
desiccated
by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut
he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
you must shoot it in the head
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .
can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
a dull moment
uncommitted
bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
repeating what he 's already done way too often
barely interesting
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable
your face for two hours
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
it 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
cluelessness
faltering
any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
a grating endurance test
's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
with lots of sloppiness
of his passe ' chopsocky glory
mass drug-induced bowel
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma
its underventilated père-fils confrontations
'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point
julia roberts wannabe
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but
'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ...
has been overexposed ,
yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction
the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat
succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful
have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
while the highly predictable narrative falls short
right-wing , propriety-obsessed family
pc stability notwithstanding
you have no affinity for most of the characters .
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
the discomfort and embarrassment
the horrible pains of a death
bad luck
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place .
that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again
loneliest dark spots
run out of gas
to much more than trite observations on the human condition
is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
a predictable outcome and a screenplay
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
are too crude to serve the work especially well
so sloppily written
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
its good qualities are obscured
: the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen
tv sitcom material at best
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness ,
shrill and
has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past
an inexperienced director ,
a lousy one at that
does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther ,
but the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map
the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness
churn out one mediocre movie
reading lines from a teleprompter
this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ...
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything
dumb comedy
drudgery
stripped almost entirely
torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera
the film , flaws and
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie :
there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
as the movie sputters
embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy
hit-man
an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise
is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you
is like being trapped at a bad rock concert
a so-called ` comedy '
supposed to be a romantic comedy
living mug shots
for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm
loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them
of mindless pace in collision
is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
feels free to offend
disgracefully
because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl
's so downbeat and nearly humorless
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard ,
's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle
quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls
the bigger setpieces flat
to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career
need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue
would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful
match the ordeal of sitting through it
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy )
thoughtless , random , superficial humor and a lot
cheapened the artistry of making a film
cliches , painful improbability
farm melodrama .
) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated
its old-hat set-up and predictable plot
tired ,
is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
no rest period ,
was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him
scratching your head
to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once
a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity
of the biggest disappointments of the year
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one
no charm , no laughs , no fun
is all over the place , really
a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .
what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
demeaning
had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded
bottomlessly
's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and
after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock
is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences ,
... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year
supposedly funny movie
is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
masochistic moviegoers
that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
, and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending
easily dismissive
mind crappy movies
is n't always coherent
hackneyed and meanspirited storyline
imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie
mindless action movie
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult
quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament
( swimfan ) falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
idiots
frantic than involving ,
manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .
subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph
sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .
while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
driven by the pathetic idea
spreads them pretty thin
little action ,
emotionally belittle a cinema classic .
found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety .
unengaging
blimp
as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
pinochet 's victims
is lightweight filmmaking ,
flatula
seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame
clueless and
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .
patronizing
who ca n't quite live up to it
a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix
sanctimonious
impossibly
sad to say --
does n't quite
phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
not very amusing
another day of brit cinema
the result is more puzzling than unsettling
fails to provoke them
the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
you 're not deeply touched by this movie
who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
greasy little vidgame pit
kilt-wearing jackson
steals
as dumb and cheesy
hollow
mind : so why is this so boring ?
a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
warn
craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
painfully unfunny
feels limited by its short running time
's just not very smart
needlessly confusing
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities
the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
treads old turf
made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
this poor remake of such a well loved classic
to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary .
an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned
most pitiful
dislikable study in sociopathy
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given
perhaps the grossest movie ever made .
as bad as you think ,
the resolutions
feels less like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .
take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness ,
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces
a mystery devoid
crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album
you 'll forget about it by monday , though
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
a listless and desultory affair
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
a bottom-feeder sequel
run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and
... has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
essentially awkward version
, it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
episodic choppiness
reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels
it is a copy of a copy of a copy
undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but
anemic
the end result does no justice to the story itself
any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
less charming than listening to a four-year-old
nagging
a devastating comic impersonation
a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
the sad schlock merchant
a disastrous ending
is why film criticism can be considered work
of dreck
attempts to mine laughs
lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
witless ,
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .
brazenly misguided project
it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects
take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .
forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
dreadfully
seem deceptively slight
the guys still feels counterproductive
the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed
splatter
not much else
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
whipping out the dirty words
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled
, i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
misanthropic
permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations
, son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little ****
that he refuses to evaluate his own work
pity anyone who sees this
is a copy of a copy of a copy
predictably soulless techno-tripe .
peevish and
so sloppy , so uneven ,
dismiss -- moody ,
problem
that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy
may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream
like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease
i could just skip it
to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle
you can taste it , but there 's no fizz
( stevens is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
do n't really care too much about this love story
, some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but
worst -- and only --
the toughest ages a kid can go through
freaky friday , '' it 's not .
... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
yielded such a flat , plodding picture
barely shocking ,
critical and commercial disaster
an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so
you get back to your car in the parking lot
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ?
marks to take on any life of its own
feral and uncomfortable
all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )
its recycled aspects , implausibility , and
a stiff
can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell .
does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
is essentially juiceless .
founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so
bad , bad , bad movie
have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
overmanipulative hollywood practices
with such fury
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
herzog simply runs out of ideas
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
ugly ideas
you were n't invited to the party
flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
grotesque
almost humdrum approach
victims
surrender $ 9
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero
is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
nothing else happening
preaching message
to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie ,
romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
, artificial and opaque
shameless
will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '
more psychotic than romantic
that it is instead a cheap cliché
that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad .
and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated
the genuine ones barely register
misconceived
of the long list of renegade-cop tales
the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
of stupefying absurdity
fetishistic violence
but boilerplate clichés
a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric ` scream . '
green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment
but dull and ankle-deep
profane
left me
is why i have given it a one-star rating .
as it is flawed
a summer-camp talent show : hastily written
a derivative collection
will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful
, he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
it is disposable .
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .
you snore
the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea
is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and
`` one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''
a low-rent retread
overstylized
embarrassment .
lurks just below the proceedings and
disturbance
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot
madonna 's
just how bad it was
i just did n't care
they 're struggling to create .
plummets
whatever
make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ...
untalented artistes
self-inflicted retaliation
silly rather than plausible
bad at it is cruel
's leaden and predictable
travesty
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender
tears
remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
catastrophic collision
when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
seem smug and cartoonish
a minor-league soccer remake
studio hack
deceit and murder
becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .
it is entertaining on an inferior level .
contempt
as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it
if it 's not entirely memorable
traffics in tired stereotypes
no chemistry
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and
who normally could n't care less
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character
is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised .
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on `` the simpsons '' has .
rode the zipper
there are lulls
seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk
does n't give you enough to feel good about .
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
should pay money for what we can get on television for free
no worse a film
gross-out college comedy
already mentioned
is a plodding mess .
has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures
plays like a tired tyco ad
more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers
will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting
no amount of imagination , no creature
it 's too close to real life to make sense
the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen ,
's not very good
replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written
small-budget
, it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
the film more silly than scary
unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades
been developed with more care
the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while
is n't as funny as it should be
no big whoop ,
it lacks in substance
not in a good way
failed jokes , twitchy acting , and
do not automatically equal laughs
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
's in danger of going wrong
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept
of lame entertainment
do n't fit well together
sour taste
the dorkier aspects
based
extremely bad
comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
a hokey piece of nonsense
listless sci-fi
the problematic characters
rather than real figures
the main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .
i have to put up with 146 minutes of it
the obnoxious title character
sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it .
takes itself all too seriously
hmmm ... might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
confessions is n't always coherent
the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas
thoughtless , random , superficial humor
meandering , and sometimes dry
likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses
try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .
the worst film
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy
soap opera-ish story
of having been slimed in the name of high art
degenerates into hogwash .
seems little different
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .
improbable
being a total rehash
the excruciating end
a retread story , bad writing
its logical loopholes ,
a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten
, like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
like trying to eat brussels sprouts
one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it
which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
be relegated to a dark video store corner
bad day
this new zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .
endlessly
were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
grave for youngsters
paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
boring , pretentious
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age
by a noticeable lack of pace
the fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest
can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
more mindless
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ...
pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451
is an all-time low for kevin costner .
with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue
is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd
an extremely unpleasant film
in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
succeed at cheapening it
hardly seems worth the effort .
( a ) crushing disappointment
an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing
this poor remake
bland hotels , highways , parking lots
money-oriented
destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
, those rejected must have been astronomically bad
immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy
this disappointed by a movie in a long time
hate this one
technically and artistically inept .
in cynicism every bit
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place
tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor
one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .
brisk hack job
in thick clouds of denial
and con , for adults
is disgusting to begin with
with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy
that it 's boring
that 's shapeless and uninflected
shot on ugly digital video .
the more problematic aspects
is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .
, it is a failure .
goes down easy
otherwise appalling , and
has all the actors reaching for the back row
director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap
hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is
gay-niche condescension
hate it because it 's lousy .
understated performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career
much like a fragment of an underdone potato
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
an artist who is simply tired
exit
kong master john woo
would n't have the guts to make .
insult the intelligence of everyone
a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
drains
in what is essentially an extended soap opera
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious ,
inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry
the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen
lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter .
's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish
utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .
hideously
leave
mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time
incredibly dated and unfunny
plotless
the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
low rent from frame one .
so downbeat and
bad seeds
in this dreary mess
come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
betrayal , deceit and murder
like life on the island
there 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
too bad
its limit to sustain a laugh
a cruel story
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again
from squirming in their seats
about sex gags and prom dates
hungry-man portions of bad
it feels more forced than usual .
has cheapened the artistry of making a film
to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
just lapses into unhidden british
farce
a gushy episode of `` m * a * s * h '' only this time from an asian perspective .
waiting for frida to just die already
stealing harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
gimmick
terror
crippled children
slack execution
is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits
a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie .
on crummy-looking videotape
less-compelling
was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
're simply not funny performers
which also seems to play on a 10-year delay
attempts , in vain ,
as rude and profane as ever ,
is such a blip on the year 's radar screen
cut their losses
the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
a failure
served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it
a little weak -- and it is n't that funny .
illness
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets
like a quickie tv special than a feature film
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers
a pretentious mess ...
ii experience
watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes
clichés and a dim
gunfight
the excesses of writer-director roger avary
relied too much
a noble failure .
aids
techno-tripe
should get a pink slip
a wet burlap sack of gloom
a drag
at its cluelessness
typical late-twenty-somethings natter
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
bludgeoning the audience
tragic )
overblown
but it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
pascale bailly 's rom-com provides amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest .
does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful
b-movie you
is such that the movie does not do them justice
blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
actually exploiting it yourself
dead-end existence
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and
also looking cheap
, the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
we all ca n't stand
making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative
attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one
wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
shoestring and unevenly
've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
is too bad
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed
the grease
a been-there , done-that sameness
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings
the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man
just dreadful .
oo many of these gross out scenes ...
plots that never quite gel
hellish
the movie is silly beyond comprehension
sad nonsense
there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .
utterly forgettable
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
something to be fully forgotten
to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
it 's a loathsome movie
does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
as a seven rip-off
leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and
of a cesspool
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
nothing special and , until the final act , nothing
falls far short of poetry
is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing
scratching your head than hiding under your seat
grating and tedious
instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid
dull
plainly dull
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
comes across as a fairly weak retooling
'll need a stronger stomach than us
yawn-provoking
unable
's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition
stunningly unoriginal
see who can out-bad-act the other
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .
state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking ,
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there 's very little hustling on view
loses what made you love it
rude black comedy
cast , but never quite gets off the ground
less-is-more
totally lacking
a sketchy work-in-progress
watered-down
shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
boyd 's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .
through worn-out material
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .
truly terrible
presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and
has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and
the film 's sopranos gags
incompetent
soullessness
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece
is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
badly edited , 91-minute trailer
'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie
rather routine
no interesting concept
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but
so downbeat
`` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
disgracefully written dialogue
endless
riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder
overexposed
a stab at soccer hooliganism
sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation
, it 's not very good either .
this silly little puddle of a movie
men of marginal intelligence
so boring
boring talking heads , etc .
skip the film
the flawed support structure
lazy material
a fairly slow paced
his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
execrable .
perhaps the grossest movie
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .
of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence
those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
most of his budget
on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior
disposable story
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo
replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo
as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
blue crush is as predictable as the tides .
as plain and pedestrian as catsup
ambitious failure
five hours long
is like reading a research paper
fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
underwhelming
folks , it does n't work .
is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
seagal ran out of movies years ago ,
that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie
sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers ,
so short
the most awful acts
sinks to a harrison ford low .
unbearably dull
report that it is instead a cheap cliché
their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own
none of the visual wit of the previous pictures
the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend
to little more than punishment
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but
a sad and rote exercise
it 's a lousy one at that .
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else
for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd
unbelievably stupid
long , dull procession
with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
for no one
the same love story
utter tripe
bland hotels
, shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
tedium
it 's so lackluster
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .
may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
imagine acting that could be any flatter
a man in drag is not in and of himself funny
the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
those prone to indignation need not apply ;
starts out like a typical bible killer story
to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene
ineffective
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short
's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .
cathartic
frittered away
too amateurish and
is lacking any real emotional impact
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : `
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
i 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
no discernible feeling
cold , gray
ultimately empty
surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity
off his game
by sending the audience straight to hell
on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic
brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
maddening
melodramatic bodice-ripper
dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of
is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg
shameless self-caricature
bludgeoning the audience over the head
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild .
that feels dusty and leatherbound
of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
's far from fresh-squeezed
to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting . ''
looks fake
boring , pretentious waste
is a dud .
the fact that it is n't very good
you do n't understand what on earth is going on
about a superficial midlife crisis
is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend .
will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
demonic
keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
weird and distanced
borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own
this long and relentlessly saccharine film
conflicts
what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure
, herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
frightful vanity film
should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated
shoddy product
you 'd be wise to send your regrets
its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy
exploiting
hypocritical
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls .
resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
darker turns
losing my lunch
can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
virtually no understanding of it
the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers
run-of-the-mill
, bloody and mean
cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory
the excruciating end of days
a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them
the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary
a wickedly undramatic central theme
begins as a seven rip-off
the end of the world
cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block .
sloppy , made-for-movie
one mediocre movie
ca n't even do that much
hide its contrivances
empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
such a tragedy
subtlety has never been his trademark
it may not be particularly innovative
that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier
one more dumb high school comedy
possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen
farce ,
the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and
obscure this movie 's lack of ideas
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding
have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd
normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
and pulp melodrama
of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor
, but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special .
with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .
uneven
seem graceless and ugly
merely bad
did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home
lax
the story has its redundancies ,
sets a new benchmark for lameness
too loud ,
superficiality and silliness
believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
, humorless soap opera
while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
its disgusting source material
turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder
no energy
low-budget and
whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
absurd plot twists
phony imagery or music
not just unlikable .
overinflated mythology
does n't quite know how to fill a frame
, it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
to its inevitable tragic conclusion
forgettable effort
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject
cloying messages and irksome characters
his ( nelson 's ) screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .
amateurish
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
the satire is weak .
sitcomishly predictable and cloying
that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
replacing john carpenter 's stylish tracking shots
shrewd but pointless
a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly
is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .
, there is little else to recommend `` never again . ''
quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy
to churn out one mediocre movie after another
sinks further and further into comedy futility
grotesque and boring
no character , loveable or otherwise
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . ''
even with its $ 50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office
a timid , soggy near miss .
we often reel in when we should be playing out
limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists
been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
hate it for the same reason
too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
low-brow humor ,
too weak a recipe
dishonesty
weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and
as moronic as some campus gross-out films
probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
annoying
cannibal
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel ,
near miss
in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and
to keep it from being maudlin
lacks depth .
never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together
another generic drama
typical animé , with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .
of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters
shapeless inconsequential move
annoying ,
a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise
tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot
look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
very sluggish
this overproduced piece
as ugly as the shabby digital photography and
makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something ,
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
noisy and pretentious
` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan
to squander jennifer love hewitt
putrid writing , direction and timing
jump cuts , fast editing
in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine .
an overexposed waste of film
most of the characters forget their lines
just that it 's so not-at-all-good
listless , witless ,
airless cinematic shell games .
next to little insight
cheesy backdrops
like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge
must have been lost in the mail
utter lack
if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad
, virulently unpleasant excuse
the confusing sexual messages
queasy infatuation and overall strangeness
this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
desolate
these days are about nothing
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort
auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
lazy exercise
predictable than their consequences
is rather unexceptional
under-inspired , overblown enterprise
like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
inject farcical raunch
will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned .
is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable
is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
ugly and destructive
baaaaaaaaad movie
delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation
feel sanitised and stagey
direct-to-video/dvd
difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors
so you can get your money back
timid and soggy
can be made on the cheap
light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy
( a ) stale retread of the '53 original .
abhorrent
feels painfully redundant and inauthentic
after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
another tired old vision
by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness
a tough pill to swallow
than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
rings false
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ;
not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow .
of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay
too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins
this stinker
is one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it
before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .
was worse . ''
leaden and predictable
high-strung but flaccid drama
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script
sets a new benchmark for lameness .
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
... hypnotically dull .
other foul substances
mounted , exasperatingly
none of this is very original , and
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
brisk hack job .
it all unfolds predictably
its empty head
is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama
has failed him
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
-- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending --
warped
as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet
one that was hard for me to warm up to
brought down by lousy direction .
an even less capable trio of criminals
be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor
for the last 15 minutes
a superfluous sequel ...
too convoluted
becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on
fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
the stale plot and pornographic way
handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly
once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie
windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
there are many definitions of ` time waster '
the dullest tangents
switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
empty head
forget about it
feel like a chump
wo n't enjoy the movie at all
same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free
is a mess .
too clichéd and
terrifying message
telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
compromising that complexity
one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience
suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed
formulaic and forgettable
you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma
you may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
this turd squashed
director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ...
than a leaky freighter
dying fall
ignore the film
you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .
an insult
rise above the level of an after-school tv special
muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible
feel like time fillers between surf shots
found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
shamelessly manipulative and contrived
lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name
altogether creepy
thriller junk .
seeing this trite , predictable rehash
film that suffers because of its many excesses .
a rustic retreat and pee against a tree
the working out of the plot almost arbitrary
seem tiresomely simpleminded
were the people who paid to see it .
almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and
too much exploitation and too little art
cinematic disaster
it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed
to be even worse than its title
grossly contradictory
might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
it still feels like a prison stretch .
this movie directionless
a humorless journey into a philosophical void .
a foundering performance
take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly
way fears and slights
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece
does n't
dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard .
into rambling incoherence
icky
occasional slowness
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc .
otherwise bleak
knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest .
is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring
plot and pornographic way
a kitchen sink
excruciating end
the curse of blandness
flailing around
's equally distasteful
is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
it makes you feel like a chump
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .
a dull , dumb and derivative horror
's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd
becomes too heavy for the plot .
loud , violent and mindless
craziness
, howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
ungainly movie
regret and , ultimately ,
a difficult time
unsettled
is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
you would n't want to live waydowntown ,
an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton .
into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music
farts , urine , feces ,
a big time stinker
bad luck and their own immaturity
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but
just because it seems obligatory
it 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
this woefully hackneyed movie
murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
pretentious types
is banal in its message and the choice of material
a whole lot of nada
the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect ,
collateral damage is trash ,
prostituted muse
was chuckling at all the wrong times
formulaic
lame screenplay
running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
bad way
seems worse for the effort .
studiously inoffensive
that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets
would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 .
one long
( a ) mess
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
, and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
inane
teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing
that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
highly predictable
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing .
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
a complete waste of time .
shoot themselves
mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite .
the self-destructiveness
feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
pulpy core conceit
lack of thematic resonance
lots of boring talking heads , etc. --
drags the film
the numerous scenes of gory mayhem
of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form
arrogant
overlong and not well-acted
cheapo animation
whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
the harsh reality of my situation
a party political broadcast
dumb high school comedy
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .
bluster and
but dull and ankle-deep ` epic
the limitations of his skill and
wazoo and sets
i have a confession to make : i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy
of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
like a bad idea from frame one
be an attempt at hardass american
has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person
of the rotting underbelly of middle america
nonsensical and
inconsequential move
snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i
nothing distinguishing
error
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .
this dreary mess
subjective
lags badly
breaks no new ground and
these characters become wearisome .
lax and
in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
, showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
less charitable
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .
end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
insane
that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
work because there is no foundation for it
devastation
liar
the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
bad improvisation exercise
cussing
uninspired scripts , acting and direction
anger and frustration
repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
hit that may strain adult credibility
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy ,
an apartheid drama
you 've got a huge mess
undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick
under-inspired
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting
dullest irish pub scenes
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
the insinuation of mediocre acting
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .
a whimper
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source
flaws ,
hallmark card sentimentality
a great missed opportunity
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved
do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile
a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .
the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''
is n't going to jell
has n't been worth caring about
unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy
outside his grasp
genre a bad name .
tedious
offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid
the teen-exploitation playbook
anyone 's guess
eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made
obscenity is at hand
the script 's refusal
you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
indignant
a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama
he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
violence
one feels cheated
less-than-thrilling
that you and they were in another movie
is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump .
trashy time
did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
the writing is insipid
viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
sham actor workshops
disjointed
exploiting molestation for laughs
dull exposition
and undemanding armchair tourists
a mindless action movie
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo
possess the lack-of-attention span
puppies with broken legs
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore .
becomes simply a monster chase film
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art
disappointments i
is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in
their cruel fate
long-winded
drowned out
god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof
contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
if the suspense never rises to a higher level
do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california
who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you
is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
thrown-together
die
, the film is deadly dull
check your brain at the door
a bit cold and relatively flavorless
while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
confuses its message with an ultimate desire
a silly comedy
tormented by his heritage
walked away from this new version of e.t.
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject
the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight
and verbal clichés
should have been made for the tube .
overweight and out of shape
first shocking thing
unsubtle
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
fails on its own , but
is loopy and ludicrous
basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938
tendentious intervention
a lousy script
by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion
, obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
the resourceful amnesiac
, in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 .
glorified sitcom
is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
fall apart
boring and meandering
priggish
you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably
are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid
as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap .
super - violent ,
is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .
is sadly
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
there 's no good answer to that one .
the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too
most repellent
chokes on .
exit the theater
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard .
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's
under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure
his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident
when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
as banal as the telling may be
sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
sick and evil woman
shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream
allows nothing
is creepy
than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
daft by half ...
the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes
is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
is just sooooo tired
instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge
hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours ,
they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni
becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course
, dumb and derivative horror
continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography ,
the same problems
absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .
of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are
that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
stupid , derivative horror film
of the gross-out comedy
the 1980s
has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff
barbarism
endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times
action - mechanical .
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and
objectivity and refusal
is long gone
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but
, ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
turns the marquis de sade into a dullard
the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .
may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie
acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
is , alas , no woody allen .
contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
for a painful ride
the scripters do n't deserve any oscars
will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness
summer-camp talent show
naipaul fans may be disappointed .
inarticulate
a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
decay
's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy .
half-baked setups and sluggish pacing
unfortunately
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination
like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion
boorishness
it 's boring
you ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
a mindless action flick
at the expense of character
is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel
then biting into it and finding the filling missing
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .
sitcomishly
that do n't really care for the candidate
shoplifts shamelessly
a study in schoolgirl obsession
several cliched movie structures : the road movie
to cliches and pat storytelling
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
feeling guilty
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling
crush each other
who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces
a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem
fu
created a monster but did n't know how to handle it
sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening
there 's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .
is a slight and uninventive movie
chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine
ill-conceived and expensive
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
tanks
as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff .
strolls through this mess with a smug grin ,
read my lips
eventually cloying pow drama .
, there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
a thin notion
he has no clue about making a movie
posing as a real movie
that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
flinging their feces
with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them
is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
of great actors hamming it up
the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course
is as predictable as the tides .
the dark
do n't say you were n't warned
sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .
stuffy , full of itself ,
is enough to give you brain strain
often contradictory
leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout
as appalling as any ` comedy '
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title
from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
desperate attempt
petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
dangerous
spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
living far too much in its own head
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid
steals so freely from other movies and
hard to understand
to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom
creeps
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
take me back to a time before i saw this movie
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .
times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp
's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
little melodramatic , but with
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned
starts off so bad
punctuated by flying guts
fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school
none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits
a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy .
mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
to the point of ridiculousness
like a term paper
's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
an inexpressible and drab wannabe
, never rises above the level of a telanovela .
has its redundancies
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
contrived and predictable
stupid ,
vietnam war
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little
that have all but ruined his career
quite one of the worst movies of the year
) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
be forgettable
has not spawned a single good film
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly .
horrible movie
to inject farcical raunch
the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's
a listless climb
is n't as weird as it ought to be .
virtually plotless
as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson
throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling
that even he seems embarrassed to be part of
complete shambles
whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented
brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch
forgotten 10 minutes
its convolutions
then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain
if it had just gone that one step further
that 's its first sign of trouble .
takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading
perversely
's the perfect cure for insomnia
death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets
deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf
peevish
... a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
a generic international version
grows boring despite the scenery
wannabe film --
need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
the movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
obsessively
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
that make williams sink into melancholia
in other words , it 's badder than bad .
messing
dabbles all around
cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
merely bad rather than
the strain of its plot contrivances
have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .
strangely
a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion
, hole-ridden plotting
poo-poo jokes are ` edgy
hurried , badly cobbled look
to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
is so thoughtlessly assembled .
are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort
smug or sanctimonious
just lazy
is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables
to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line
intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .
be better as a diary or documentary
is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment
hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion
disappointingly
a badly edited , 91-minute trailer
throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?
whether jason x is this bad on purpose
impossible
but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me
's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
unnoticed and underappreciated
hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes
is hartley 's least accessible screed yet
is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else
suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
encumbers itself with complications
he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
that gave people seizures
horribly wrong
to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries
to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses
to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them
the only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
maddeningly
complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
a manipulative whitewash
at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
more confused , less interesting and more
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... ( it ) comes off like a hallmark commercial .
a terrible adaptation
revealing nothing
an overflowing septic tank
must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
prefabricated story elements
, interest can not be revived .
outside of burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
is cumbersome
a calculating fiend or
then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest .
equals the sum of its pretensions
's not very well shot or composed or edited
lackluster thriller `` new best friend ''
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
, you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality .
split up so that it can do even more damage
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
just sneers
collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
dull
irritatingly
botching
's such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
the dead ( water ) weight of the other
fallen
rude and crude humor
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding
a choppy , surface-effect feeling
it ) comes off like a hallmark commercial
cause parents a few sleepless hours
grief drives her
is n't .
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
actor to lead a group of talented friends astray
sucking
and paper-thin supporting characters
any reasonably creative eighth-grader
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either
wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk
that do n't care about being stupid
this movie just goes on and on and on and on
that it 's offensive
even though i could not stand them
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character
taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
of nazi politics and aesthetics
presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
adults behave like kids
every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
shame americans
uncomfortable movie
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , ''
b.s. one another
crudity
that only self-aware neurotics engage in
the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy
is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
uninspired story
the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
blown
been there , done that , liked it much better
on mgm 's shelf
of denial
from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather
dripping with cliche and
narcissism and self-congratulation
nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family
poor hermocrates and leontine
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship
irredeemably awful .
for industrial-model meat freezers
no aspirations
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles
middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics
blaxploitation
is so bad ,
know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or
that it 's inauthentic at its core
valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone
, unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away
this mess
of obnoxious
find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash
feels at odds with the rest of the film
to lend some dignity to a dumb story
stress ` dumb . '
inane , humorless and under-inspired
the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
rote drivel
rough-hewn vanity project
the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated
shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered .
work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative
inconclusive ending
not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''
as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice
astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
, i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .
proceeds to flop
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy
well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
, the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
jolie 's hideous yellow
made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
fuse at least three dull plots
becomes distasteful and downright creepy
biased
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune ,
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
it could have been something special
because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very
is frequently overwrought and crudely literal
appalling ,
its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ...
most unpleasant things
psychotic
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution .
could have -- should have -- been allowed
makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks
pretend the whole thing never existed
rip off
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ...
sulky teen drama and
none of them are ever any good
this is n't a new idea .
there 's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
sleep-inducing thriller
warned
the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
all the stomach-turning violence
uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
strays past the two and a half mark
marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances
cinematic tragedies
, ` blade ii ' just does n't cut it
find little of interest
driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
at cheapening it
're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two
's not too much of anything .
of the delusional personality type
be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness
hitting below the belt
poor editing , bad bluescreen
subzero version
shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that 's something i would rather live in denial about
of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )
it 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .
nothing 's happening
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
to imagine acting that could be any flatter
the rotting underbelly of middle america
good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
the most unpleasant things
because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
every note rings false .
a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or
brought down
's also somewhat clumsy .
a huge mess
quiet
time stinker
odd and
you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge
is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats )
only dull
the amateurish
, but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés .
a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
's always disappointing
feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama
whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
through a prism
is one that should be thrown back in the river
moron
overladen
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill
is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
the worst in otherwise talented actors
flawed
one of the worst films of 2002
to merely bad rather than painfully awful
mostly martha is mostly unsurprising
in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
a total misfire
turn it off
sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life
and dreary piece
a mall movie designed to kill time
relatively nothing
after all , it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
hideous yellow
dimness
simply a re-hash of the other seven films
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .
spiteful idiots
a horrible movie
the theater wondering why these people mattered
fright
should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
's because relatively nothing happens .
restage the whole thing
having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded
a country skunk
showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools
camouflaging grotesque narcissism
in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake
as the worst kind of hubristic folly
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place
refused to gel
of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain
one thing 's for sure -- if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
this cliche pileup
too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
genre cliches
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed
picture that does not move .
as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia
, as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs ,
wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare
too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman
is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
there surrender $ 9 and
bust
, the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience
broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
fewer gags to break the tedium
that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
dark pit
to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. --
gives devastating testimony
whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
the holes in this film remain agape
whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .
brutally clueless
with pointless extremes
irreconcilable
assault
will anyone who is n't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?
weak script
you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits
becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?
its plot contrivances
allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier
` in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
slopped
smeary and blurry ,
a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening
the less charitable might describe as a castrated
the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks
-- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
could force you to scratch a hole in your head
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and
broad racial insensitivity
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and
despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
freakshow
jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor ,
, truly bad
moldering
complete lack
a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .
has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative
stock footage
to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .
desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say .
the story is lacking any real emotional impact ,
will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , '
usual fluttering and stammering
made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
rival
share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
exploitation picture
here leaves a lot to be desired
pathetically
strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997
from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
is definitely horse feathers
parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around
to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had
just how bad
extremely flat lead performance
revenge-of-the-nerds clichés
takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn
is predictable at every turn .
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness
odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea
this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best
it 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial
its clumsiness as its own most damning censure
blasphemous and
gore for suspense .
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling
, i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
a 20-car pileup
tiresome nature
pitiful
expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie
, combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
faked
predictable plotting
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior
story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material
loss and loneliness
intense , claustrophobic
is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material
has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and
mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
inelegant
or `` suck ''
succumbs to gravity and plummets
is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump
comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited
, sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that
's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter
deeply out of place in what could have
forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone
it pretends to investigate
it 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .
be bad
put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
all the sibling rivalry and
the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice
his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family
you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism
dangerous and domineering
too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style
spell things out for viewers
slow pacing
crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
it 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie
a trend
... also one of the most curiously depressing
has no clue about making a movie
scummy
low comedy
sham actor workshops and an affected malaise
phoney-feeling
might be intolerable company
will surely be profane , politically
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat .
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names
, 91-minute trailer
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
a wooden delivery
villain
as an actress in a role
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 .
tawdry b-movie scum
to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
has no character , loveable or otherwise
hate myself most mornings .
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine
comes off like a hallmark commercial
clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile .
come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
ploddingly sociological
topics that could make a sailor blush
proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are
readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence
its characters ' decisions
the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all
has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
the film 's shortcomings
follows the formula ,
that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise
in a big corner office in hell
inadvertent
before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy
emptiness and
hokum but
worthless
of a paint-by-numbers picture
, you might soon be looking for a sign .
that he forgets to make it entertaining
must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray ,
represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
bad reviews
ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling
it drowns in sap .
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
a rather listless amble down
is not , nor will he be , back
no way original
of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws
shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
somber , absurd ,
a question for philosophers , not filmmakers
hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
just how much more grueling and time-consuming
to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen
with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
it drags
arduous
barely tolerable
their shallow styles
falls somewhat short
one of the worst movies of one year
that never springs to life
, it has some problems
, desiccated talent
mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then
begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
they may be as history
we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .
the only problem
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but
will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in
certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .
left on a remote shelf
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and
deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell
've completely lowered your entertainment standards
major waste
their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5
mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it
to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
in spite of its predictability
flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
go but down
too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice
a feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .
aging sandeman
tinny self-righteousness
'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
it 's hardly watchable
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .
can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
very predictable
bad rock concert
was a freshman fluke
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .
ill-fitting
to be distasteful to children and adults alike
a cruel deception
hated myself in the morning
seem so impersonal or even shallow
's pathetic
that it 's the butt of its own joke
drowned me in boredom
to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year
not remotely incisive enough
terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project
it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
's just plain lurid
spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
bad animation and mindless violence
preposterous , prurient
of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic
the tale with bogus profundities
` moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
mediocre special effects
has a film 's title served such dire warning .
that was n't at least watchable
lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .
it 's icky .
's a brazenly misguided project
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy
trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge
can not engage .
this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
but no sense of pride or shame
unsentimental
that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
restrained and
coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings
the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
something has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
to dumb down the universe
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure
shameful
too narrow to attract crossover viewers
disastrous
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform ,
an expiration date passed a long time ago
everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy
may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark
they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
in other words , about as bad a film
's just tediously bad
brooding and slow
the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of
rusted-out
have nothing better to do with 94 minutes
sandler is losing his touch
fails to keep it up and
stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise
just another teen movie
that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most
is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable
's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
was so endlessly , grotesquely ,
yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...
not , difficult and sad
... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
lulls you
sorrow
completely creatively stillborn and
occasionally interesting
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .
it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s
it 's quite diverting nonsense .
goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads
of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma
independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood
it 's all bluster and cliché
is so thoughtlessly assembled
statements and dime-store ruminations
repugnant
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .
hollow , self-indulgent ,
weird amalgam
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets
valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
not one clever line
to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt
undermining the movie 's reality and
comedically labored
let-down
is all over the place , really .
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .
bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
unspeakably , unbearably dull
is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
be madcap farce
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .
jackass
of being the big
pompous and garbled .
oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly
were a series of bible parables and not an actual story
its recent predecessor miserably
the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand
to the otherwise bleak tale
spirit-crushing
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and
be invented to describe exactly how bad it is
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull
deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
thud
, self-indulgent and maddening
this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time
's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .
would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris
is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger -
the ` wow ' factor
have the patience for it
unfairly
the problem
, that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure
an overall sense of brusqueness
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ;
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and
do n't even like their characters .
as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
seem like mere splashing around in the muck
do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .
silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
viscerally repellent
as-nasty -
how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering
your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door
is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism
unlaughable
, dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and
simplistic and more than a little pretentious
this dubious product of a college-spawned ( colgate u. ) comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips .
, let alone funny
that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
vile
time out is as serious as a pink slip .
be any flatter
wish you had n't seen
fussy
brutally dry
airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
hideous
is almost an afterthought
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt
feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
that offers no easy , comfortable resolution
film to drag on for nearly three hours
must have been lost in the translation
empty exercise
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting
disjointed mess
atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation
as the most offensive action
is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often
i walked out of runteldat
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being
on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company
wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be
be numbing
this dubious product
're treading water at best in this forgettable effort
basic flaws
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and
unfunny and
romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process ,
predictable and
of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore
a bad clive barker movie
unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set
its agonizing , catch-22 glory
a terrible movie in every regard
of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making
to skip it
their charm does n't do a load of good
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script
so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is ,
vapid actor 's exercise
warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level
slap me , i saw this movie .
to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom
like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story .
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters
treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going
none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
a frightful vanity film
, there is n't much there here .
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience
takes a backseat in his own film to special effects
propaganda
though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability
dizzy
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
recent hollywood trip tripe
struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario
fake documentary
made for the tube
has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places
saccharine as
a particularly amateurish episode
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices
sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
tediously
should be punishable by chainsaw
` this movie sucks . '
about as humorous
fluffy neo-noir
repulse
the entire exercise has no real point
high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but
'' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
most moronic
murky cinematography
this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book )
sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
grown tired of going where no man has gone before
all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity
that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
the suspense never rises to a higher level
may fall fast asleep
of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film
dirty jokes
which ones shtick
complaints i might have
tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
, unconvincing dramatics
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .
that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism
, someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .
the plot has a number of holes , and
build some robots , haul 'em to the theater with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .
like a classroom play in a college history course
, jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
dress up in drag
jersey lowbrow accent uma
does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
, the plot 's saccharine thrust
emptiness
denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag
annoying orgy
( orlando jones )
overly melodramatic ...
bother thinking it all through
an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
wooden dialogue
a tedious picture
, satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 .
abandoned , but
very hollowness
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
none-too-original premise
for a critical and commercial disaster
bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary
, flat drama
... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .
by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy
overbearing and over-the-top as the family
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
put you to sleep
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but
might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience
images you wish you had n't seen
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic
it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
the result is disappointing
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes
walked out on a movie
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .
the sorriest and most
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy
the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness
does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences
feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
vanity film
are some fairly unsettling scenes
watered-down it almost loses what made you love it
fall dreadfully short .
the condescending stereotypes
going to feel like you were n't invited to the party
of motherhood and desperate mothers
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism
flies out the window
the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line
drags it
heavy-handed moralistic
that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
see coming a mile away
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .
unappealing
its own staggeringly unoriginal terms
were once amusing
show blind date , only less
's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
discord
sure , it 's contrived and predictable ,
, it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
the film starts promisingly , but
be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow .
clearly evident poverty and hardship
with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit
without chills
, overblown enterprise
ignorant
it 's not really funny .
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy
down-and-dirty
to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?
takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''
irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
-- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king .
the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script .
of the worst movies of one year
grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion
dumbed-down approach
coma-like state
vulgar
is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
banal and predictable
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . '
strays
often pointless
of stale gags
is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's ,
gutless
it lacks the detail of the book
hanging
people have lost the ability to think
frightening late fees
littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups
's also somewhat clumsy
the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .
kids to watch too many barney videos
stale copy
is so often less
does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .
they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low
infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .
did the screenwriters just
it 's loud and boring
there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
an essentially awkward version
ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
if you can push on through the slow spots
is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
there 's a heaven for bad movies
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .
been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count .
reeking of research library dust
when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
press the delete key
ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang
lucy liu never comes together
that if the filmmakers just follow the books
an unprecedented tragedy
'll wait in vain for a movie to happen
several scenes of this tacky nonsense
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy
few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer
message-mongering moralism
a tawdry b-movie scum
undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
casting call
a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .
is never satisfactory .
incomprehensible
far-flung ,
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy
skid-row
it 's stupid
their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful
mostly undeterminable
melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project
never inspired
that this is n't something to be taken seriously
see a devastating comic impersonation
some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
surprisingly flat
this is classic nowheresville in every sense
she ca n't provide any conflict
` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation
an insultingly inept and artificial examination
feels contrived ,
like a cold old man going through the motions .
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
to forgive that still serious problem
minor-league soccer remake
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
mush
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy
the film 's problems
, the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
falling into the hollywood trap
well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie
through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film
that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful
undistinguished
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
is unusual but unfortunately also irritating
of knucklehead swill
burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored
throwing up
it ends up falling short as a whole
been better
self-indulgent
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .
just plain dumb
sacrifices its promise
his ( nelson 's ) screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
we just do n't really care too much about this love story .
randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing
artificial
chilling tale
italian freakshow
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
, tiresome nature
named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort
slow and ponderous ,
a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied
to play one lewd scene after another
does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .
you 're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri
flawed support structure
vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of
dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie
's an unhappy situation all around
the dull
this tale has been told and retold ;
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
smallness
seems twice as long
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream :
might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .
sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy
violent , self-indulgent and maddening
for but a few seconds
the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose
shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
limp biscuit
seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
plays like a student film
a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire
does not really
kooky and overeager
the biggest problem i have
's an unhappy situation all around .
drag as soon as the action speeds up
a vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . '
slopped ` em together here
punches
put away the guitar , sell the amp , and
dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) .
it washed out despite all of that
uneasy
sex toys and offers
the film seems as deflated as he does
if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor
pompous
no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
is a depressing experience
about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
the project should have been made for the tube .
does n't add up to much
several old themes
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .
topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful
burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
sexual jealousy , resentment
a dentist 's waiting room
lacks the detail of the book
digitally altered footage
more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations
milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
induce sleep
, it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
flat
-- and it is n't that funny .
because it 's lousy
a characteristically engorged and sloppy
wastes its time
you there is no sense
's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful .
that 's superficial and unrealized
a negligible work
laughing at his own joke
does n't reach them
can depress you about life itself
you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school
the boozy self-indulgence
, it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
fears
left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary
wishy-washy
surprisingly juvenile
a weak and ineffective ghost story
're - doing-it-for - the-cash
of too many story lines
( n ) o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it
once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
serious critique
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .
any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
for most movies , 84 minutes is short
loss and denial
it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
conceited pap
actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat
great missed opportunity
not zhang 's forte
perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .
watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert
proves you wrong on both counts
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy ,
but not great )
exploitation flick
an unremittingly ugly movie
remotely probing or penetrating .
it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life
with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
, right-wing , propriety-obsessed family
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down .
flat
like an overcooked soufflé
for every cheesy scene
taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
racism
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines
it 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads .
chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special
whose pieces do not fit
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow
shoot
completely predictable
low-grade dreck
soulless jumble
change the channel
is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
increasingly incoherent fashion
too-spectacular
remains a chilly , clinical lab report
has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt
neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency
did n't mean much to me and
that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure .
crawlies
farcically bawdy
most of its ilk
badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess
... really horrible drek .
targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic
is n't as funny as you 'd hoped
times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated
'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
the most incoherent
that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects
sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore
, director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and
ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short
the dark theater
takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera
long for the end credits
even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits
fairly run-of-the-mill .
it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
unhappy situation
shows -- reality shows for god 's sake
a shakespearean tragedy
predictable and cloying ,
should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake .
the movie is well done , but slow .
've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile ,
, should n't have been made
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional
strongly reminiscent
hodgepodge .
that grew hideously twisted
to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
bogged down
one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
quarter the fun of toy story 2
that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
muddled , repetitive and ragged
derailed by bad writing and
nothing really happens
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt
is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
deeply biased
is virtually unwatchable .
stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction
does n't really believe in it ,
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .
faulty
watching it was painful .
finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom
, lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .
retro-refitting exercise
first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course .
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you .
safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
hard to like a film so cold and dead
poetic tragedy
have to admit that i am baffled by jason x.
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this
this painfully forced , false and fabricated
into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty
made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .
'd prefer a simple misfire
the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly
an appalling ,
poor acting
hard to care
nothing happens
starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else
the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was
ca n't possibly be enough
that omnibus tradition called marriage
this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
is hugely overwritten
a hundred of them can be numbing
by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
endlessly repetitive
coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .
uneven performances and a spotty script
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .
show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
amoral
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout
is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
it 's hard to say who might enjoy this
is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay
diminishing his stature
're clueless and inept
developed hastily
fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have
by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
about 25 minutes of decent material
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .
predictable outcome
get to an imitation movie
so incredibly inane
distract
cheap manipulation or corny conventions
as boring
does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad
the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way ,
that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties
criminal
lacks in action
i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .
plaintiveness
sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
more bizarre
attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way
offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject
heart attack
slow and dreary
complications
unendurable
are all direct-to-video stuff
hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
look so bad in a major movie
sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst
jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
odd , inexplicable and unpleasant
why anyone should bother remembering it
lumps of coal
's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and
but the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
wrong
do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
knucklehead
'd rather watch them on the animal planet .
gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny
i ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
be lost on the target audience
thrills , too many flashbacks
too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .
the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
, provocative and vainglorious
flounders under the weight of too many story lines
miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .
, the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .
to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong
aching
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero .
it is n't entirely persuasive
the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap
plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter
take before indigestion sets
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .
rosenthal ( halloween ii )
what should have been a painless time-killer
is neither dramatic nor comic
all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries .
few ` cool ' actors
i must have failed
is even lazier and far less enjoyable
a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror
been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play .
distracted
stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess
half-baked
irresponsible sandlerian
does n't have anything really interesting to say .
rip off that we were aware of
seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
smacks of exhibitionism
big mistake .
're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .
packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film
under a rock
overlong
... pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us
to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .
, spiteful idiots
a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood
a bomb
that woman 's doubts
the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
repeated
taken the protagonists a full hour
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and
makes little attempt to give voice to the other side
to be a bit of a cheat in the end
while dark water is n't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise
makes the grade as tawdry trash
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity
emotionally malleable
are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
's really unclear
sordid of human behavior on the screen
too bad to be good
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little
looked like crap ,
's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns
bears out as your typical junkie opera
layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work
like a tired tyco ad
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact
unsatisfied
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan .
unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .
to remain an unchanged dullard
vulgarity
overuse
never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free
of flatly
pulse
attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design
a lackluster script and substandard performances
suffers because of its many excesses
badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
garbage .
so-called satire
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
fuss or noise
's not really funny
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and
many definitions of ` time waster '
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before
fumbles the vital action sequences
like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
at the absurdities and inconsistencies
the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison
all bluster and cliché
insults
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises
like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful
loneliness and desperate grandiosity
will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product
's still terrible !
a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic .
begins as a seven rip-off ,
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .
documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
trailer-trash
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .
pandering
of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
by its awkward structure and a final veering
analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
the tortured and self-conscious material
made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
no foundation for it
completely serviceable and quickly forgettable
an all-time low for kevin costner
resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it
evil
with miscalculations
deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is
over with
cheapen the overall effect .
fusty squareness
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program .
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series ,
was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had
expects people to pay to see it
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
lingering creepiness one
with familiar situations and repetitive scenes
vainly
a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface
the worst films of 2002
of superficiality
plays like clueless does south fork .
a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven
desperate for work and food
puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong
plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
shankman ... and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .
offers no new insight
with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story
van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material
is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously
big excuse
the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .
awry
takes a look at 5 alternative housing options
it 's just merely very bad .
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment
fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
the film 's mid-to-low budget
do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people
is way too indulgent .
can make people act weird
be much funnier than anything in the film
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be
a grating , emaciated flick
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
do n't say you were n't warned .
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops
never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but
acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and
describe how bad it is
one of the worst movies of the year
prove too convoluted
did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
may lack the pungent bite of its title ,
takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
of the problems with the film
black-and-white and unrealistic
great pity
clumsy
does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be :
worthless film
stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film
something on crummy-looking videotape
clichéd and shallow
a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible
predictable and
can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity
an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt )
the ` are we a sick society
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke -
from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer
is a whole lot of nada
sugary sentiment and withholds delivery
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight .
of bland comfort food
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
sluggish
that 's because relatively nothing happens .
stoop so low
like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate
to the grayish quality of its lighting
although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
has definite weaknesses
a speedy swan dive
banal
unconcerned about what they ingest
can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
do n't see the point
exploits ( headbanger )
shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers
dull , lifeless
a complete wash ( no pun intended ) ,
wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise
, soggy potboiler
lazier
not a must-own
belittle a cinema classic
none of birthday girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...
the toilet and scores a direct hit
there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes
deserve to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
as plain and pedestrian as
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop
generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .
is about as necessary as a hole in the head
ace ventura ' rip-off
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere
the film buzz and whir ; very little of it
depress
but windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .
the tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time
the film is all over the place , really .
kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
, the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
underrehearsed
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste
slow-moving
all-over-the-map
incredibly irritating
it 's like an all-star salute to disney 's cheesy commercialism .
delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure
is a failure
is ultimately quite unengaging
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house .
that it does n't give a damn
nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia
does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
so impersonal or even shallow
the insinuation of mediocre acting or
negligible
muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
unfocused and
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
the worst of tragedies
's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken
but blatantly biased .
irredeemably awful
pray does n't have a passion for the material .
victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920
diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack
like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
several uninteresting , unlikeable people
into hokum
that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel
what 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
insanely violent
there 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
its many excesses
for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker
, unimaginative
estranged
to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . ''
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
violent and
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid
j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
being gullible
generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again
bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
unfilmable '' novels
the characters never change .
covered earlier and much better
does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .
had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
any dummies guide , something
were any more of a turkey
a painless time-killer
to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends
it 's still not a good movie
under its own meager weight
left slightly disappointed
`` far from heaven ''
it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality
he runs around and acts like a doofus
period-piece movie-of-the-week
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art
that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
imitative of innumerable
corniest
to sloppy plotting
the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
shooting blanks
must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work
too predictable
the killing field and
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid .
appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
does the thoroughly formulaic film
the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel
there 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
a mess .
needed so badly
grayish quality
the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up .
to the soggy performances
from david 's point of view
feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community
the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
to describe exactly how bad it is
if i want a real movie , i 'll buy the criterion dvd .
stumbles
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable --
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
goes on and on and on and on
being simpleminded
enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest
contrived
uses its pulpy core conceit
are terribly wasted
who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
, it 's also somewhat clumsy .
ignore the reputation , and ignore the film
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .
purposes of bland hollywood romance
plot contrivances
pointless , meandering
a lame kiddie flick
none of this is meaningful or memorable ,
an utterly incompetent conclusion
fake backdrops
a bad sitcom
is frustratingly unconvincing
, especially with the weak payoff
invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets
a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
cliched and clunky
has stopped challenging himself
vile , incoherent
any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought
vulgar dialogue and
exaggerated and broad
like it 's wasted yours
shallow , offensive and redundant
one-star rating
it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) .
of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
paved with good intentions leads to the video store
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess
trying to have the best of both worlds
a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
flabbergasting principals
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short
us nothing new
minor-league
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .
juiceless
dragons
this movie is 90 minutes long , and
curiously tepid and choppy recycling
with a taste for exaggeration
prickly
dangerously collide
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
not number 1
makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` besotted '' is misbegotten
at this nonsensical story
like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors
being a complete waste of time
very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb
a major waste
of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy
that the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
ride around a pretty tattered old carousel
for the wan , thinly sketched story
also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us
every theater stuck with it
that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform
may not add up to the sum of its parts
wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
the delete key
( and fairly unbelievable )
worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen
lets her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless ,
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and
bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
so charmless and vacant
lameness
in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension
charmless and vacant
disturbing .
show more of the dilemma , rather than
to be startled when you 're almost dozing
likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat
... while dark water is n't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
every visual joke is milked ,
inadvertently sidesplitting it
gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
with phony imagery or music
sit through crap like this
its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks
its music or
no good answer
it 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy .
given this movie a rating of zero
step backward
if the movie knew what to do with him
let 's get this thing over with
more busy than exciting
no good inside dope
too long has ignored
it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad
suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production
pack your knitting needles .
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
stay away .
did we really need a remake of `` charade ?
has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story
, we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes .
that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california
out mediocre
are in this tepid genre offering
staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors
a sick , twisted sort of way
hitler
one hour photo lives down to its title .
bodily function jokes
limited by its short running time
seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
did n't offer an advance screening
, there 's something creepy about this movie .
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates
dimwits
should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick .
been shot
looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting
cuts corners
overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes
drains his movie of all individuality
has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle
be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls
awkward structure
burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
just for sitting through it
artless
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .
spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
stands for milder is n't better
on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored
the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics
, does not work .
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51
bludgeoning
the misery
take as many drugs as the film 's characters
impenetrable and insufferable ball
dips key moments from the film
garish showcase
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . ''
manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk
at the mercy of its inventiveness
without being memorable
make up for an unfocused screenplay
the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . '
is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .
's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
enervating
an uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films based on philip k. dick stories .
in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario
has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .
sophomore slump
no lika da accents so good
seems embarrassed to be part of
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark ,
camouflage how bad his movie is
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative
will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .
determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering
replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
the living hell
the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
it just is n't a very involving one
's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .
almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
all manner of lame entertainment
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy
to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
, redundant , sloppy
the only surprise
the slack complacency
from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings
is so bad
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge
requisite faux-urban vibe
after you laugh once ( maybe twice )
over-dramatic at times
so many flaws
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it
, haphazard , and inconsequential romantic
on mindless action
insufferably tedious and turgid
sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar ''
monotony
crippled by poor casting .
walk out of the good girl
adrift , bentley and hudson
to infamy
by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
worthy of the gong .
only defies credibility
the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks
by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans
you should be able to find better entertainment .
the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap
sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
the flaws
gutless direction
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet
have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow
ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
the problems and characters it reveals
is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period .
the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy
a glorified sitcom ,
some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok
drags the film down
the superficial way
assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties
featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
bad of a movie
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp ?
ridiculous dialog
no good inside dope , and
do n't have a clue on the park
gooeyness
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible
an empty exercise ,
totally overwrought
's impossible to shake .
void
it should pay reparations to viewers .
is way , way off
get in the way
not quite
has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series
we had to endure last summer , and
, they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
be shaking your head all the way to the credits
amazingly dopey
reveals how bad an actress she is
contemptuous of the single female population
vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends
will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature
hard ground
is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ;
through recklessness and retaliation
during the long build-up of expository material
its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
overrun
this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing
, offensive and redundant
rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
various victimized audience members
a big box of consolation candy
the obnoxious special effects ,
say you were n't warned
cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) ,
she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground
a low-rent retread of the alien
littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness
it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
deflated
dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song
piffle
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
dreary piece
entirely witless and
erotically
unpleasant excuse
and plastic knickknacks
stretched out to feature
any rock pile will do for a set .
too shallow for an older one .
lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
the filmmakers just follow the books
a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence
the devastation of this disease
all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
that i just did n't care
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible
, alone , should scare any sane person away .
preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
a not-so-bright mother and daughter
strange
obstacles
may be shallow
no unifying rhythm
` time waster '
drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats )
aggravating and
stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill
unwieldy contraption .
be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie
abandon ''
thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending
like a side dish no one ordered
far too cliched
splatterfests
todd solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique
to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic ,
does n't really go anywhere .
in fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
unimaginative screenwriter 's
too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip
liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
imperfect
be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
a sad , sordid universe
is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .
did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
wewannour money
bean drops the ball too many times ...
also one of the most curiously depressing
dull-witted and disquietingly
overwhelmed by its lack of purpose
again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
's a rather listless amble down
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out
what it lacks in outright newness
far too tragic
the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
hell-jaunt purists
did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
's like a drive-by
can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes
brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
simply feel wrong
to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york
is n't really about anything .
do n't
a most hard-hearted person
for unexpectedly giddy viewing
if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
to be grandiloquent
the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .
if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .
need not apply
may be disappointed .
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
was developed hastily after oedekerk
than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series
rash
damn unpleasant
esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard
a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?
messy
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
so bland
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire
is interested in nothing
repellent
before i see this piece of crap again
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
bombastic and ultimately empty
ugly behavior
a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie
just another disjointed ,
, if uneven ,
it 's the butt of its own joke
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise
expects something special but
just not a thrilling movie
aimless ,
, self-hating , self-destructive ways
is doa
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear .
could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .
you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
of bland hollywood romance
witless script
resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is
should be thrown back in the river
sabotaged
on some levels
would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat
the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
self-glorification and
disguised
suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc
is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
had a lot of problems with this movie .
galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
the most unpleasant things the studio
too smug
and it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .
wanes .
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .
sterile and
fudged opportunity
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study
would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
into how long is this movie ?
everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
so-so slapstick
clunky tv-movie approach
essentially `` fatal attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .
that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
is strictly routine
to give you brain strain
with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
dishonest and pat
both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
just more of the same
be really awful
but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy
are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and
is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans
is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen
offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single
have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy
christ
( h ) ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i 'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .
seen to better advantage on cable
sub
is n't exactly profound cinema
of the worst films of 2002
squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula
it 's not too much of anything .
does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
pathetic as dahmer
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker
old age and grief
can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
out of control
a beyond-lame satire
feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
revulsion
tolerable-to-adults
is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters
need of a cube fix
as boring and
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .
why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
as a surprisingly anemic disappointment
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
adam sandler assault
refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
, the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
the limits of what a film can be ,
do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
peter out midway
leaves a lot to be desired .
works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever
but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex
skins has a desolate air
that gives hollywood sequels a bad name
dreadful romance .
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .
sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
continuity errors
to guilt-trip parents
, windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .
every cliché
slow , painful healing process
the notion of deleting emotion from people
a wannabe comedy
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility
crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy
the plot almost arbitrary
of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions
also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
unclear
getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
routine crime
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad
the hallucinatory drug culture
that should be punishable by chainsaw
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
was n't just bad
sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen
also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare
by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
spirals downward ,
it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera
are n't likely to leave a lasting impression
holocaust literature
disease-of-the-week
settled for a lugubrious romance
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .
the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories ,
makes your teeth hurt
reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al .
a retread
in manipulation and mayhem
caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
stay with the stage versions , however ,
a feeble tootsie knockoff .
in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''
might have required genuine acting from ms. spears
`` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it
had the misfortune to watch in quite some time
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ;
a rather bland
shame
of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
none of this is very original
several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is
preposterous , prurient whodunit
does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
, sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
makes a better short story
the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience
-- a straight guy has to dress up in drag --
were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell .
dull , lifeless , and irritating
dark places
a very depressing movie of many
it is very difficult to care about the character , and
built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .
is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and
can you take before indigestion sets in
somnambulant exercise
are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy )
in a series of relentlessly nasty situations
channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine
contradicts
in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality
did i miss something
rather unbelievable
if you recognize zeus ( the dog from snatch ) it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school
weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
... tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here ...
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering
restrictive and chaotic
is a failure .
is rote work and predictable
a dreary , humorless soap opera
have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already
there is little else to recommend `` never again . ''
an already obscure demographic
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and
's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes
cliched dialogue and
it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why
the one-sided theme
is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
of hackery
hack script
like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable
a retread story
sense-of-humour failure
blaxploitation spoof
thoroughly formulaic film
her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash ,
goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots
will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers
suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc .
too-frosty exterior
few cheap shocks
insulted
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance
my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .
stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
this overproduced piece of dreck
faux-urban
feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching ,
, all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget
very talented but underutilized
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products ...
it 's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it .
foul-mouthed
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
particularly amateurish episode
failed jokes ,
downward
's tough to watch
tragedies
as with all ambitious films , it has some problems
a frustrating patchwork
cheap , ludicrous attempt
not even solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .
is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend
rant
is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .
inactive
worst films
ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time
the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
' the play more has partly closed it down .
, nonsensical and formulaic
, we need agile performers
tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian
the brawn , but not the brains
this might have been an eerie thriller
's a bargain-basement european pickup .
conned
it 's kinda dumb .
the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe
a movie as artificial and soulless
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and
us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
by mediocrity
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest ,
is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .
rape-payback
of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment
is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
like a drunken driver
... unbearably lame .
now it is a copy of a copy of a copy
are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations
less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man 's quest to find an old flame .
too many
ugly-duckling
mostly repetitive
the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest
the director 's many dodges and turns
none of which ever seem to hit
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes ,
the bland songs
be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
have failed
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
most damning
that the material is so second-rate
by the time the credits roll across the pat ending
trapped and
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris .
paranoia
disconcertingly
mel
supposed to feel funny and light
scare
seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
you feel like running out screaming
-- and not in a good way
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '
that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen
the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream
, violent , self-indulgent and maddening
a terrible movie
homogenized and a bit contrived
the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up
from being a total rehash
his self-inflicted retaliation
of a film that does n't know what it wants to be
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched
's kinda dumb .
about sorority boys
feels like a book report
dull , inconsistent , dishonest
neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy
this rush to profits
of martha stewart decorating program run amok
unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
creep
directed the film from the back of a taxicab
has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break
would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies
sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often
but ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .
drug-induced bowel
does n't deliver a great story ,
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks
's nowhere near as good as the original
just is n't worth telling
never rises to its clever what-if concept .
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .
into a warmed over pastiche
wear thin
weighs down
potty-mouthed
listless sci-fi comedy
that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally
bad
looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip
it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people ,
choppy and sloppy
for all the wrong reasons besides .
so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama
the urge to doze
virulent and foul-natured
's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention
would have likely wound up a tnt original
rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
-- sadly -- dull
phony relationship
what on earth is going on
tara reid plays a college journalist ,
arbitrarily plotted
every visual joke is milked
sappy ethnic sleeper
facetious
straight-to-video movie
double-barreled rip-off
and drab wannabe
rather leaden and dull
child abuse
the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget
that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
a woefully dull
the superficially written characters ramble
torture
its old-hat set-up and
interminable , shapeless documentary
trying to have it both ways
demanding than it needs to be
general absurdity
obnoxious title character
no charm , no laughs ,
depress you
the most part a useless movie , even
the biggest husband-and-wife disaster
with the pubescent scandalous
feel pissed off
that just does n't have big screen magic
rarely seem sure of where it should go
begin to long for the end credits
the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
badly cobbled look
never feel anything for these characters
the dullest kiddie flicks
sucked up all
as sci-fi generic
portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man
become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
tonally uneven
stale first act , scrooge story
any hollywood fluff
hideously twisted
dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale
enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening ,
, it will probably be a talky bore .
a fake street drama
about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
: celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer
genial than ingenious
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '
time fillers between surf shots
weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable
as bad as you think , and
never gaining much momentum
clichés ,
are fleshed-out enough to build any interest
so many red herrings , so many false scares
this movie is hopeless
piecing the story together frustrating difficult
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
: an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and
delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial
graceless , hackneyed
inane and
miss
play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking .
dense
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch ,
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and
's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
a generic international version of a typical american horror film .
doing nothing
, this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence
my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '
` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ...
carries almost no organic intrigue
gathering dust on mgm 's shelf
less successful
offers the none-too-original premise
impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story
troubling
feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .
, there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .
obligatory cheap
nothing to show
all the loss
lacks a strong narrative
no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch
more hackneyed
, mad love looks better than it feels .
succumbing to sentimentality
its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and
substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite
stands for milder is n't better .
an argentine retread
computer-generated cold fish
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined ,
's so devoid of joy and energy
is well below expectations .
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
whiny and defensive
rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
provide any conflict
the folly of superficiality
having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
been bland
is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking
admit i walked out of runteldat
with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .
topple
she has n't been worth caring about
instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .
his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
formulaic
want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
utterly misplaced earnestness
an awful movie that
... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
's a sad , sick sight
the worst excesses of nouvelle
went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside
is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show
a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original .
copout
another useless recycling
lost .
`` besotted '' is misbegotten
's no place for this story to go but down
has been overexposed
action man cliché
flaccid odd-couple sniping
it is a failure .
too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny
disjointed ,
behavior and severe flaws
no way original , or even
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
discarded
mixed up
the sheer dumbness
made him bitter and less mature
idiotic and
's quite diverting nonsense
that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
most horrific movie experience
lame .
the lazy material
so short could be so flabby
wanders
achingly unfunny phonce
blair witch video-cam footage
whatever flaws igby goes down may possess
shows crushingly little curiosity about
poorly dubbed
should stick to his day job .
, meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
irritatingly transparent
two-dimensional offerings
most depressing movie-going experiences
like bad cinema
there , done that ... a thousand times already
throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte
at a grade-school audience
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie .
too much of storytelling
it 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
an almost unbearably morbid love story .
, this movie just goes on and on and on and on
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... circuit gets drawn into the party .
got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
a weak script
painfully forced
simplistic , silly and tedious
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .
a story already overladen with plot conceits
ignore but a little too smugly superior
autistic
pair that with really poor comedic writing ...
to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings
recovering from its demented premise
that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you
determined , ennui-hobbled slog
dogged
the movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity .
what to make of this italian freakshow
is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work
then proceeds to flop
( creates ) the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .
the guise of a modern motion picture
does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is
's icky
this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd
a mere excuse
officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
less-than-thrilling thriller .
the slippery slope
but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny
but , like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
the original was n't a good movie but
contrived , nonsensical and formulaic
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .
irritating soul-searching garbage .
, the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
reading your scripts before signing that dotted line
waterlogged script
, well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .
mundane '70s
cranky
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks
all the queen 's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .
he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
ugh
just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you
believe that something so short could be so flabby
's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?
this project was undertaken
unflattering comparisons
a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel
falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan
soap opera
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
even murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .
a depressingly retrograde
derisive
murder
turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most
ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
obnoxious
shout insults at the screen
masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad
to drag as soon as the action speeds up
anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part
own pretentious self-examination
was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony
is deadpan
a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant
the characters are so generic
genial but never inspired , and little
will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .
as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick
disaster
wear thin with repetition
's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
even fans of ismail merchant 's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
simpering soundtrack
make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
anger and
, eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications
did n't find much fascination in the swinging
far-fetched
the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder
bad enough
for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .
, ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy
is n't scary
watching junk like this
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and
that its intended audience has n't yet had much science
feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse
but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary
clean-cut dahmer
it 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
impersonal , almost generic
critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure
too much exploitation and
be themselves
... stale and uninspired .
dreary
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations
overstimulated minds
saddest action hero performances
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who
but there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
feels draggy
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains
from its cheesy screenplay
half-step
the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times
better elsewhere
has a wooden delivery and
'll cry for your money back .
the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film
inert sci-fi action thriller
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
merely crassly flamboyant
codswallop
a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
stupid and pointless
whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
... margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
is throwing up his hands in surrender ,
a bit cold and
have gone straight to video .
even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory
if each watered down the version of the one before
under-rehearsed and lifeless
of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project
it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge
from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man
watching the proverbial paint dry
create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career
stale , futile scenario .
does n't come much lower .
the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
unsuccessfully
that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again
anomie and heartbreak
looked uglier
toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely
being trapped at a bad rock concert
storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .
contrived , awkward and
last summer 's bloated effects
is that it 's far too sentimental .
when the movie ended so damned soon
may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going
is very difficult to care about the character
slow and
as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do
you do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .
about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is
's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered
picture that does not move
a really long , slow and dreary time
mad
unattractive or odorous
contrived , unmotivated
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz
to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose
there 's no energy .
dullest
insufferable movie
a tough pill to swallow and
is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing
befallen
, it feels more forced than usual .
lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit
leaves a bitter taste
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . '
it all seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .
seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?
they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
, pretentious mess .
, austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
sappy , preachy one
the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness
a giant pile of elephant feces
might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and
the latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen .
the kind of soft-core twaddle
standard
gross-out flicks , college flicks , or
churlish
, a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .
awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe
period trappings
jumbled
i do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .
boring and
city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast
low , very low , very
is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
absolutely not .
been , pardon the pun , sucked out
is a bomb .
as nudity , profanity and violence
with false starts
a sadistic bike flick
's no energy
into comedy futility
jell with sean penn 's monotone narration
a cliché
as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
almost no organic intrigue
ills
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative .
what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
annoyed me most about god is great
stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
is repellantly out of control .
feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied
less than adorable
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is
does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films
, poorly structured
a lame comedy .
soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian
` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy
your disgust
lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features .
although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag --
unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great
of a thousand cliches
at the screen in frustration
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative
the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening
collateral damage is trash , but
felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes
not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy
goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .
mayhem and stupidity
wait for the video
less concerned with cultural and political issues
our deepest , media-soaked fears
a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
neo-fascism
of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
flounders
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
liberal doses
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
miss it
green is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
if considerably less ambitious
it will probably be a talky bore .
can prevent its tragic waste of life
by bad writing
are so unmemorable
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .
despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
vulgar is too optimistic a title .
loosely connected characters and
shallow
a downer and
of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing
an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form
jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier
is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
alienate the mainstream audience
fragmentary
snore
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .
, stay away .
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
a troubled and determined homicide cop
is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days
down a familiar road with a few twists
do n't deserve any oscars
unexceptional
feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
be even worse than its title
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .
takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
thoroughly unrewarding all of this
it 's simply baffling
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire .
intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business
bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams
nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish
no way to entertain or inspire its viewers
as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
the story 's undeniably hard to follow
copycat
were an obligation
be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show
one strike against it
sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans
exasperated
weirdly
reality-snubbing
walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like
by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor
foolish
one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it
incoherent , instantly disposable
the worst kind of mythologizing
's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it .
for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet
dullingly
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling
that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ?
got the brawn , but not the brains
sordid and
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .
cliché-laden
risky
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned .
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness
the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets
bland
inappropriate and wildly undeserved
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary ,
starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors
's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
absurdly simplistic
will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears .
so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost
annoyance
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they 'll get plenty ) fills me with revulsion .
redolent
running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
feel like time fillers between surf shots .
inconceivable
is deadly
poor editing ,
the ridicule factor
friday after next spreads them pretty thin
furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story
to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general
go , girls , right down the reality drain .
time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken
attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
woe-is-me
tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
the german occupation
to sneak out of the theater
is n't very good
quick-buck
her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears
murderer
is rote work and predictable ,
dull with only caine
no .
to the bitter end
the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
veers into corny sentimentality , probably
the film 's lamer instincts
most incoherent
darkness
is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .
acts like a doofus
stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere
you expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup .
had to sit through it again
it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
just a kiss is a just a waste .
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
depressingly thin
never gets off the ground .
unendurable viewing experience
gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish
has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood
to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative
lame kiddie flick
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well
is too long with too little
slow death
kinda dumb
the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic
, worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
the movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
sabotaged by pomposity
once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny
and vulgar innuendo
enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch
racial insensitivity
stuffiest
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment
an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you
is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
that should be relegated to a dark video store corner
almost perpetually wasted characters
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .
should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
into hogwash
sparse instances
vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
nothing original
and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
it falls far short of poetry , but
makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
for overstimulated minds
dramatic nor comic
are often a stitch
as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design
a dull girl
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river
in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
've seen before
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends
it were that grand a failure
are n't very bright
's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative
the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
few sequels
who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
uni-dimensional
who know nothing about the subject
collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
to the world trade center tragedy
self-righteousness
lives down to its title .
have lost the ability to think
with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt
to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
deeply out of place
a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school
projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement ,
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
are too grave for youngsters
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it
old , familiar
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .
, this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
, it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
the too-frosty exterior
's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
painful
the crap continues .
, it should pay reparations to viewers .
unfunny and
bad filmmaking
too heady for children , and too preachy
of the ugly american
of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
unrealistic
to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
overmanipulative
me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens
are nearly impossible to care about
, color and cringe
the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
sillier
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ...
by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment
that even freeman ca n't save it
cardiac arrest
his own idiosyncratic strain
low-rent -- and even lower-wit --
ca n't say it 's on par with the first one
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
execrable
is hugely overwritten ,
a bad soap opera
with no signs of life
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy .
ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
sticks rigidly to the paradigm ,
painful ride
less funny
we had to endure last summer
remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
that it appears not to have been edited at all
's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager
usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood
are terribly wasted .
makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly
poor
... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus
have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
's splash without the jokes .
for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension
least favorite
bizarre , implausible
length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
in bad filmmaking
campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
loud , brash and mainly unfunny
lazy ,
predictable plotting and
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and
spectacle and
remotely topical or sexy
's get this thing over with
the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
charge money for this ? '
hoping for a stiff wind
an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek
so clumsily sentimental
feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
that it ca n't really be called animation
as south park
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago ...
fall to pieces
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
burnt out
have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed
disappointment coming
stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper
( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .
the film 's predictable denouement
malarkey
seems worse for the effort
does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances
more bizarre than
sabotage
do n't work in concert .
devolves
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff ,
should scare any sane person away .
ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
too sappy for its own good
... del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
`` looking for leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .
mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
to the floor with a sickening thud
you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach
i fear
, but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .
a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary
disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
most every aggrieved father cliché
its own thinness
be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation
that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
the plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
flops
is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
doomed
that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
emphasizes every line and sag
dumped
is one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic
suckers
as if he or she has missed anything
kate is n't very bright
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) .
hate yourself for giving in
a full-frontal attack on audience patience
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
is virtually absent
living hell
it 's tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too .
cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s )
, this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
eerily accurate depiction of depression .
suffers through this film
among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and
a bowser
failing ,
his character awakens to the notion that to be human
if you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .
like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series
, more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
flat as thinking man
it 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and
could use a little more humanity , but
, superficiality and silliness
predictable storyline
disposible
despite auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry
on toilet humor , ethnic slurs
of crucifixion
with the pale script
noisy
warning you
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
deeply unsettling
has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.
is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut .
there 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
a flimsy excuse
do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course
offensive , puerile
repetitively
makes it a failure as straight drama
is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights
willing to express his convictions
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative
frustrates and
hard-pressed
, impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions
with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film
stock character camp
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .
low-grade cheese standards
milks drama when she should be building suspense
afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
well-meant but
witless
disrobed most of the cast ,
the young actors , not very experienced
estranged from reality
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well
a loquacious and dreary piece of business .
the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned
how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in
be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey
fairly uneventful
how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
the weight of too many story lines
irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what
to fill time
self-indulgent and maddening
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ...
being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
a painful elegy and
armageddon
bad company
dry , reliable textbook
the only fun part of the movie
the pungent bite
's not clear
settles too easily
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .
greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor
elbowed aside
the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting
undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
how sandler is losing his touch
barn-burningly
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain --
exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown .
several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie ,
there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising
just slopped ` em together here
is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery
adrift in various new york city locations
unrelated shorts
so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk
third-rate
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric
's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
pornography or documentary
walk away
about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get
is as close as you can get to an imitation movie
is n't one true ` chan moment ' .
's so tedious
does n't add up to much .
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
moviegoers not already clad in basic black
is shallow , offensive and redundant
badly made on every level
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half
what 's missing from this material
's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
heartily sick
and ( too ) short
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .
sting
one spectacularly ugly-looking broad
dreary tract
martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline
inept filmmaking
has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had
to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company
watching monkeys flinging their feces at you
like a can of 2-day old coke .
sink it
the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half
's also not very good
unsurprising
's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
, it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
shadowy
elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
most late-night bull sessions
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos
no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg
violent
destructive
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but
pretentious endeavor
much of what we see is horrible but
nazi
trade center tragedy
although olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation
first lousy guy ritchie imitation
misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel .
feel sad
it 's just rather leaden and dull .
this is one that should be thrown back in the river
redundant and inauthentic
wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater
with little visible talent and no energy
, this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .
never quite ignites .
has lost its edge
needless
even if it made its original release date last fall
that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek
pompous and
questionable kind
junkie
bully
absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?
empty stud knockabout
mired in stasis
an unsuccessful attempt
conspicuous
stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy )
picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks
, comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
plodding soap opera
hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
clichés , depression and bad alternative music
sleep
it too is a bomb .
is a movie so insecure about its capacity
mothers ,
i 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
a disaster
does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour
tasteless and
by the artsy and often pointless visuals
the thematic ironies are too obvious
mean-spirited and wryly
been lost in the mail
of visual and verbal clichés
an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
, ugly , irritating
is a gory slash-fest
mtv schmucks
artificial structure
does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor
boring talking heads
, it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
shapeless documentary
stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure
going to be really awful
a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals
is as conventional as can be
's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
become wearisome
than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
even lazier and
is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore
extremely unpleasant film
very meticulously but without any passion
a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
a sentimental mess
the rest of the film ... is dudsville .
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered
unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't .
does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
nonsensical and laughable
the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers
that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california
its scrapbook of oddballs
is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive
no point
no idea of it is serious
schmaltz
as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west
any film more challenging or depressing
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .
` swept away ' sinks .
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline -
rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
wayward wooden one
disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera
uncomfortably strained
going wrong
, there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
that has no teeth
ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production
lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
while it can be a bit repetitive
badder
does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2
barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it
as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo
proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
off-putting
acidity
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor
did no one on the set have a sense of humor
've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
lethargically paced parable of renewal .
( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really )
, spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
hardly watchable
could have guessed at the beginning
are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all
i skipped country bears
pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
act weird
stiff , ponderous and charmless
worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids
looking for a story
a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
bad movie
gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears
fish-out-of-water formula
, however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
just send it to cranky .
callow rich boy
if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
straining to produce another smash
affair
the layers of soap-opera emotion
childish
seems endless .
dreadful romance
ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice
's unfocused and tediously exasperating
his dependence on slapstick
the bottom of the barrel
the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops
a dud --
instead of trying to bust some blondes , ( diggs ) should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident
gangs
the strain of its plot contrivances and
jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
's kind of insulting , both to men and women
shrewd but pointless .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
as one of the worst films of the summer
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure :
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls
does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller
a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety
she is merely a charmless witch .
more repulsive
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
instantly forgettable and
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere
argentine american beauty reeks
wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films .
crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies
promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip
plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff
the pale script
is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through
94-minute travesty
to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored
has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne
female population
if it were any more of a turkey
you feel guilty about it
dusty
no wit , only
self-pitying
lousy john q
suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
botched in execution
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
offers big , fat , dumb
wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
tortured
a world of hurt
`` un-bear-able '' project
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser .
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out ,
more if it had just gone that one step further
a hole in your head
bile
a pathetically inane and unimaginative
a doa dud from frame one .
so old-fashioned
a corn dog
hackneyed and
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
distances you
white has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
besotted and obvious
witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals
puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .
is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced '
should stop trying to please his mom
fills me with revulsion .
replete with the pubescent scandalous
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then blood work is for you .
weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne
so prolonged and boring
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
a tragic dimension
it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
rarely work in movies now
a choppy ending
tired , unnecessary retread
inept and artificial
is that the entire exercise has no real point
but a tedious picture
it actually hurts to watch .
, the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
be oblivious to the existence of this film
tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points
horrendously
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
gratingly unfunny groaner
is painfully formulaic and stilted
is n't very interesting actually
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit .
is too amateurishly square
too blatant
, i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet .
wo n't care
, inconsistent , dishonest
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly ,
kinda wrong
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling .
starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable
becomes more and more frustrating
called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful
are too immature and unappealing to care about .
thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .
is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them
sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
i certainly was n't feeling any of it
cold and dead
is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines .
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .
painful , obnoxious
full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
terrible events
could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own
an equally miserable film the following year
your least favorite
a rating of zero
a chiller resolutely without chills .
is dreary and sluggish
needed more emphasis
disappointed
watered down the version of the one
it just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
ransacks its archives
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties .
of the great crimes
technically and artistically inept
otherwise dull subjects
like a can of 2-day old coke
the suggested and the unknown
is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential
to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
's drab .
mindless pace in collision
all its problems
super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid
like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia ,
's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low
of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality
a dentist drill
every faltering half-step
of irreparable damage
, more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
where human nature should be ingratiating
acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being
disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas
favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
equally derisive clunker
sorrowfully
'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser
is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .
of narrative banality
an abused , inner-city autistic
walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them
the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series
it 's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? ''
you 're in for a painful ride .
to be affected and boring
wayward
is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before ,
a hokey piece
at times it 's simply baffling
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .
a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings
, the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . '
, the satire is weak .
seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner
the same old story
exciting to watch as two last-place basketball
is robotically italicized
seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits
peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
of strung-together tv episodes
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive ,
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .
whipping
's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
of two unrelated shorts that falls far short
a hole in the head
several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie
none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising
comes off as a long
the thin veneer of nationalism
, however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel
does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure
do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any
merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
uh , shred ,
appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes
doltish
the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .
that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action
the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
wasted potential
is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title
been edited at all
phrase ` fatal script error
no excuse
it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony
of the same old garbage
an excruciating film
a little less charm
into that annoying specimen of humanity
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .
because it 's so bad
endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes
in this pretentious mess
, stupid and pointless
comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs
for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
... while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks .
, i do n't see the point
the worst dialogue
long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
the worst possibilities
critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development
the central flaw
needs to stay afloat in hollywood
a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening
has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .
will be lulled into a coma
a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience
generates little narrative momentum
from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up
aimless hodgepodge
gives none to the audience
is deliberately unsettling
to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon )
if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
as blasphemous and nonsensical
non-firsthand experience
a lack of clarity and audacity
as the movie dragged on
walled-off
self-conscious art drivel
brutally dry satire
-- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .
to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
the hell cares
is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters
-- worst of all --
a lingering creepiness one
every cheap trick
it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance
the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures
a downward narcotized spiral
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .
without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy
been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement
( a ) soulless , stupid sequel ...
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even
a huge sacrifice of character and mood
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .
does n't necessarily
the latter 's attendant intelligence
derivative and hammily acted .
's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
a children 's party clown
so downbeat and nearly humorless
is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music
crude film
defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior
loud and boring
to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape
everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar
the same number of continuity errors
the most offensive thing about the movie
a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences
should n't have been made
a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise
your disgust and your indifference
the waterlogged script
as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly
short of both adventure and song
list
if occasionally flawed ,
simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
there is n't much there here .
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .
being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
she 's cut open a vein
've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic
is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise
may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .
unfunny and unentertaining
're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic .
crime
, save your disgust and your indifference
are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances
not-at-all-good
so distasteful
like a blown-out vein
artistically inept
predictable and cloying
seems as if each watered down the version of the one before
flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom
'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about
nary an original idea
hate it
represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .
from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories
obvious determination to shock at any cost
to be because it plays everything too safe
is far less mature
a half-hearted fluke
cop flick cliches
it 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
deeply unsettling experience
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion
more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .
with more holes than clyde barrow 's car
forcing
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it
it 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .
nonsensical and laughable plotting
more a gunfest than a rock concert .
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy
noticeably derivative
retard
mawkish self-parody
bland but harmless .
phoned-in business as usual .
make this a comedy or serious drama
's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
crass and insulting homage
's also uninspired
unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations
some cynical creeps
cause loads of irreparable damage
has less spice than a rat burger
the movie 's wildly careening tone
the worst
sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story .
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go
map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own
adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
pummel us
a cut-and-paste
blind , crippled , amish people
know what to make of this italian freakshow
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences .
... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
idiotic
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine
it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,
stay away .
tacky and
obscenely bad dark comedy
on top of a foundering performance , ( madonna 's ) denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
is a bowser
that breaks your heart
staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films
what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once
of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
guilty
dicey
just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized
assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
missing from this material
austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
the plot is paper-thin and
with fewer gags to break the tedium .
refuses to evaluate his own work
's a liability
amiable but unfocused
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures .
proves tiresome
so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey
, sometimes creepy intimacy
forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
this rather unfocused
dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
the chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions --
would be me : fighting off the urge to doze
accident-prone
his trademark misogyny
dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer
a complete waste of time
two directors with far less endearing disabilities
has little to do with the story
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message
simple-minded
, the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
rent those movies instead
motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover
more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned
a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
, but how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ?
pretty bad
, overlong , and bombastic
it 's far tamer than advertised
deficit
sending the audience straight to hell
winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .
if nothing else , `` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
farts , urine , feces , semen
, the film becomes predictably conventional .
reluctant
it was just a matter of ` eh . '
plenty of baggage
about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie ,
more grueling and time-consuming
like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
is impossible to find the film anything but
seemingly irreconcilable
becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
's with the unexplained baboon cameo
, i ca n't compare friday after next to them
mumbles his way through the movie
pompous and garbled
even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .
which somehow snagged an oscar nomination
wait for your pay per view dollar
implodes
've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
a phony relationship
down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito
suffering
come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc
, director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .
seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony
is n't world championship material
deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .
fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country
crude storyline
insultingly inept and artificial examination
of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts
the el cheapo margaritas
infuriating film .
tends to plod
maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
`` ambitious failure
blank yearning
gory mayhem ''
poorly written , murky and weakly acted
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out
as tiresome as 9 seconds
wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .
showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks
makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde
such a blip on the year 's radar screen
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe
shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .
like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
is twice as bestial but half as funny
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
, i hate myself most mornings .
as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles
are flat
victimized
the film to drag on for nearly three hours
that even tunney ca n't save
as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
emotionally devastating
after a while
the grossest movie
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .
charmless witch
too simplistic to maintain interest
goddammit
worst kind
sermonize
drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another
instantly know whodunit
all-time low
me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but
the plot has a number of holes
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore
deadly dull
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests
who ca n't act
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death ,
sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 .
other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
ridiculous and
fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone
what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
irreparably drags the film down .
, eight crazy nights is a total misfire .
too amateurishly square
terribly monotonous
and unoriginal mess
so insanely stupid
horrors !
that makes as much of a mess as this one
a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
own staggeringly unoriginal terms
can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .
the only thing i laughed at
is too insistent
to squeeze a few laughs out of the material
, at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
relatively flavorless
subversive
mind-numbingly , indescribably bad
and unsettling subject matter
exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other
trip tripe
unsuccessful
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic
into an excruciating film
suffer '
of genres that just does n't work
slowed down by a stroke
blatant product placement
been lost in the translation
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating
this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast
a sappy , preachy one
gone straight to video
several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
asylum material
's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise
made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
seems to remain an unchanged dullard
that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
feeble
this mess of a movie
mcgrath
; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , '
director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting
quite simply , should n't have been made
assume is just another day of brit cinema
, you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
does n't work as either
how horrible
environmental pollution
other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
run out screaming
hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses
though flawed
the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen
mediocre
feels like a cold old man going through the motions .
ca n't even
it 's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british
manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
breaks no new ground
ill-equipped
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending
might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess
who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop
may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard
too fancy
is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow
obnoxiously
this painfully unfunny farce
on badly-rendered cgi effects
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
its unadorned view
the material is so second-rate
where 's the movie here ?
of ' a nightmare
boring before i see this piece of crap again
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and
control-alt-delete simone as quickly
an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece
convinced of its own brilliance
indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
is too busy
's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned
been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
wo n't hold up over the long haul
it has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
silly-looking morlocks
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional ,
glib
static set ups ,
felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
the locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .
mindless pace
might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds
very depressing
-- however canned --
offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves
lazily
works so well for the first 89 minutes , but
to merit such superficial treatment
a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
irrational
equally distasteful
are too immature and unappealing to care about
where its recent predecessor miserably
all the scenic appeal of a cesspool
george 's haplessness and
that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain
is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces
lousy way
that , quite simply , should n't have been made
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics
ugly , revolting
the lousy john q
zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film
worst way
glaring
nudity
rolling your eyes
offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and
would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
a real shame
no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge
accused of being a bit undisciplined
complaining
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
is repeated at least four times .
-- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out --
has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic
ranges from bad to bodacious
bitter
is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn
inadequately
its own meager weight
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .
of political corruption
allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
junk-calorie suspense tropes
unentertaining
ambiguous ending
... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading
with minimal imagination
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .
cruelly
nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving
feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .
such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one
loads of irreparable damage
but its just not a thrilling movie
forgettable
that is slow to those of us in middle age
relying on the viewer to do most of the work
insufferable
impossible to care about
's too much syrup and not enough fizz
overly long and worshipful bio-doc .
looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
tick-tock
sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
, pasty lumpen
slip into hokum
the third revenge of the nerds sequel
narc is all menace and atmosphere .
is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals
awfully hard
oleander 's uninspired story
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance
a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
you 're desperate for the evening to end .
insufferably naive .
class warfare
is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ;
is that it stinks
of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
aggravating and tedious
've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time
that it goes nowhere
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
if kaos had n't blown them all up
obnoxious special effects
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences
a low-budget affair
infuriating about full frontal
to duck the very issues it raises
derrida is all but useless
deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve )
that is where ararat went astray .
spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects
completely misses its emotions
that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
their cheap , b movie way
the film is static
render it anything but laughable
no worse
listless , witless , and devoid of anything
by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but
beyond-lame satire
pretty stupid
it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .
nasty aftertaste but
stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
bad mixture
cinematic corpse
ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
there 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
88 minutes of exaggerated action
do not go gentle into that good theatre . '
and immature character
to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
overcome bad hair design
does n't really go anywhere
misery
ultimately insignificant
not-so-divine
trudge out of the theater feeling
washed out
does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
this so-called satire
is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
rock 's stand-up magic wanes .
bombastic self-glorification
sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music
too many conflicts
wretchedly unfunny wannabe
advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly
retard 101
done , but slow
must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face
could n't
that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
pull his head out of his butt
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities
to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .
a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
that really does n't have much to say beyond the news
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction
it 's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
loss
puerile
, can not overcome blah characters
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor 's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .
too overdone
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s
over this `` un-bear-able '' project
too shallow for an older one
would do better elsewhere .
horrible , 99-minute
a very depressing movie
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and
depraved
found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .
attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life
do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes
many false scares
stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter
who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
i realized that i just did n't care
its lack of poetic frissons
ever spill from a projector 's lens
no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
half past dead -- or for seagal
from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed
is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
a biting satire that has no teeth
does n't have anything really interesting to say
like the similarly ill-timed antitrust
the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm
until things fall apart
dime-store psychology
do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery ,
to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
such a horrible movie
incoherent jumble
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but
biggest husband-and-wife disaster
like a sucker
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead .
is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
does n't deliver a great story , nor
zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof
a bitter taste
seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .
of cuban leader fidel castro
has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references
from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
originality ai n't on the menu
forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film
's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
the frustration ,
bad and baffling from the get-go .
not be a breakthrough in filmmaking
would n't want to live waydowntown
the film is deadly dull
sinks further and further into comedy futility .
than this facetious smirk of a movie
through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us
dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
sexist
genteel and unsurprising
their own immaturity
worthless ,
viewers out in the cold and
like mere splashing around
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity
a great movie it is not
the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay
dopey dialogue and
does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
follows into melodrama and silliness
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) .
does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .
difficult , endless work
must have failed
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them
with lots of somber blues and pinks
losin '
loquacious and dreary piece
crawl up your own *** in embarrassment
it 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins .
on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid
to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
run-of-the-mill singles blender
mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
does not translate well to the screen
psychotic than romantic
a cellophane-pop remake
leaks treacle from every pore .
the run-of-the-mill singles blender
the consciously dumbed-down approach
flick that scalds like acid .
's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man
the haphazardness of evil
whose boozy , languid
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution
has n't graduated from junior high school
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film
that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
yelling in your face for two hours
, its shortness disappoints
an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful
eight legged freaks ?
in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation
, accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .
welcome in her most charmless
get no satisfaction
this one feels like a life sentence
anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie
none of the happily-ever
remarkably dull with only caine
to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
feels like a prison stretch
visually atrocious , and often downright creepy
come with the warning ``
a soulless hunk
unencouraging
not smart and not engaging
after seeing the film , i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
people act weird
rote work and predictable
an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?
this film that may not always work
entertaining on an inferior level
except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans
we have a bad , bad , bad movie
flails
broken characters
the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
pauly shore awful
to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .
tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier
that loses sight of its own story
of a frustrating misfire
dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid
updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
acidic all-male
that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film
the usual whoopee-cushion effort
lazily directed by charles stone iii ... from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .
leers ,
the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything .
want to pack raw dough in my ears
been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations
mind-numbingly
is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama
emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
junk-calorie
a dark pit
here ... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
minority report
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length
this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers
feel-bad ending
chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short
you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd .
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .
'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .
too grave for youngsters
on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid
could hardly
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp
set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
listless , witless
... feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
for bathroom breaks
a frustrating ` tweener ' --
have a hard time
a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
incoherence and
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at
be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script
a weary journalist
went over my head
served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
a nagging sense
as lumpy as two-day old porridge
post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot
burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
to the point of distraction
of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job
cringe
a major waste ... generic .
a bad movie that happened to good actors .
the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
like a copout
amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .
retelling
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers
the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
timeout
is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever .
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .
dim-witted and lazy
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken .
seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles
nearly terminal
mean-spirited and wryly observant .
terminally bland , painfully slow
zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
stiflingly
the station looking for a return ticket to realism
aggravating
a bunch of talented thesps slumming it
be depressing
which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director
hollow at its emotional core
that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
but they 're simply not funny performers
a half-assed film .
no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain
pay reparations to viewers
beaten
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
rough edges
the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom
a wal-mart budget
annoying score
, straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company .
an impenetrable and insufferable ball
that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting
, mayhem and stupidity
the problem with wendigo
, the movie is rather choppy .
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake
dreary tale
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while
resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product
unrewarding all of this
flat characters
sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
you 'd want to smash its face in
's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
shtick
the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
a lazy exercise
of bible parables and not an actual story
a movie that is n't just offensive
is difficult to fathom
, apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
are n't your bailiwick
bawdy
for whom she shows little understanding
the full monty was a freshman fluke
about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .
dreary , humorless soap opera
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence
of adolescent violence
it 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit ,
leaden and dull
is a kind of perpetual pain
's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour
some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone
cheesiest
like leafing through an album of photos
narcissism and
burns
cram too many ingredients into one small pot
is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller
mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya
does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
, state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here
blood
you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
nasty journey
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master .
generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
trenchant satirical jabs
illiterate
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and
an average b-movie with no aspirations
get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company
are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
meaningless , vapid and devoid
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .
filmed directly from a television monitor
be careful what you wish for
's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows .
a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad
his clamorous approach
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy
uneasy bonds
if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers
fire
that could have been much better
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite
exploitative and largely devoid
thumbs down
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .
but a little too smugly superior
, it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
to the most crucial lip-reading sequence
you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
philosophers , not
as the old-hat province of male intrigue
excruciating
a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle
its easily dismissive
ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering
too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things
in pain
improbable as this premise may seem
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all
botches
amateurish , quasi-improvised
stuffs his debut
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar
a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention
is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets
another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
anything but laughable
vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . '
distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
many of these guys are less than adorable
a mean-spirited film
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ;
pass this stinker
of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i
it just does n't have anything really interesting to say .
would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows
it 's plotless , shapeless --
as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
the film ultimately fails
endless trailer
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture
no , i hate it .
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
`` suck ''
does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
one big blustery movie
a bad improvisation exercise
the dimming of a certain ambition
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic
this visual trickery
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained
a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound
the tiresome rant
a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground
an aimless hodgepodge
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma .
as a dystopian movie
guts and
do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage
freaks
too insistent
laughably unconvincing
is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
a dungpile
the message is too blatant
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed
the horrible pains
is awful
its solemn pretension
as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible
being bored
kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots .
realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and
is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage
bad cinema
unlikable , spiteful idiots
easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing
pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet
more simply intrusive to the story
outdated
it 's not entirely memorable
like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
seriously bad film
in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole
a more annoying , though less angry
are sometimes inexpressive
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups
a series of relentlessly nasty situations
another genre exercise ,
it 's the worst movie of 2002
witlessness
wildly careening tone
larded with exposition
in that something 's horribly wrong
as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .
as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room
's not very interesting
given fair warning
birthday girl 's calculated events
into an ocean of trouble
had to endure last summer
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast ,
in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny
proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
robotically
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral
's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins
little action
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament .
visually atrocious ,
, irrational , long-suffering but cruel
quickie tv special
sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution
are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
the unexplainable pain
romantic-comedy duds
its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises
perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .
stuttering editing and pompous references
sad , soggy potboiler
of the worst movies of the year
sadly
the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story
the day-old shelf
for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex
much self-centered
which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway
could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications
flagrantly
the worst of their shallow styles
has a kind of hard , cold effect
is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film
chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
the worst titles
deserves a better vehicle
an eviction notice
is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian
pretty listless collection
completely wreaked
the wal-mart checkout line
'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
doubt it
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) .
viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . ''
ethan hawke 's strained chelsea walls
getting into too many pointless situations
vainly , i think
needlessly opaque intro
few sleepless hours
lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode
is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home .
, you know the picture is in trouble .
, this is the most visually unappealing .
further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
both shallow and dim-witted
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement
choppiness
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .
environmental pollution ever made
as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it .
, norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced ,
to document all this emotional misery
just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
deaths
wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing
the predictable parent
be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set
the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music
hitting the audience over the head with a moral
against the maker 's minimalist intent
was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
, yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets .
disappointingly thin slice
that it 's offensive , but
no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
the basic flaws in his vision
the cruelty and suffering
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
walked away
is plainly dull and visually ugly
is nearly impossible to look at or understand
to the movie 's rude and crude humor
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and
is a plodding mess
arrest development in a dead-end existence
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .
so sloppy , so uneven , so
the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work
fantasy pablum
he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
idiotic
an `` ambitious failure
of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen
the negative and the script
it 's offensive
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice
's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders
there 's no conversion effort ,
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written ,
the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise
with flabby rolls
however canned --
sheer ugliness
water torture seem appealing
to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
this interminable , shapeless documentary
to wait for the video
predominantly amateur
looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
mishmash
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time .
an aimlessness
to believe that something so short could be so flabby
at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ?
to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best
wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
in a movie this bad
trite , predictable rehash
the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots
that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
is negated
would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '
is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid
determination to inject farcical raunch
playing the obvious game
that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony
bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
shaking your head
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .
a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt
hate yourself
self-amused trash
consuming self-absorption
has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '
a new benchmark for lameness
meandering and confusing
rather unexceptional
fairly ludicrous plot
, the score is too insistent
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing
closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel
a side dish of asparagus
they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say
gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time
flat as a spoof
the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going
three-hour endurance test
most poorly staged and lit
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female
sappy
has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it
meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not work .
abrupt
silly stuff
pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy
predictable , manipulative stinker
like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale
extremely unpleasant
morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about
nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
unfortunate title
is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud .
the problem with the bread , my sweet
lost dreams
that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable
forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
thick clouds of denial
it may scream low budget ,
obvious and lengthy
into bizarre , implausible behavior
it 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
an already thin story
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .
90-minute dud
that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .
scruffy , dopey old
of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name
i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies
vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .
a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears
overly familiar
` christian bale 's quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead
life 's ultimate losers
, what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
is a slapdash mess
insanely violent and very graphic
concentrates far too much
populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it
prevents them from firing on all cylinders
is off his game
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
cliches and pabulum
wobbly
secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way
equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough
dry the undead action flick formula
dull girl
bungle their way through the narrative
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero .
actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend
the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable
that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell
it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period
scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but
of that already-shallow
even lazier
` ick '
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour
it is derivative
are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
too late
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion
a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .
lost the ability to think
, you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie
to flat characters
boiling point
maddeningly insistent and repetitive
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny ,
degrading and
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
how bad it is
the movie 's downfall
sometimes murky
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it .
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
from any movie with a `` 2 ''
another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate
called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but
its utterly misplaced earnestness
nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length
sluggish ,
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
flat acting
jabs
take a complete moron
of the most unpleasant things the studio
no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
condescending
is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
the star who helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears . ''
may not be a straightforward bio
has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook
we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any oscars .
improperly hammy performance
banged their brains into the ground
, ` swept away ' sinks .
for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
, the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything .
never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
this movie is careless and unfocused .
fuddled
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship ,
boring movie
warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer
to do with imagination than market research
the catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
sentiment and withholds delivery
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes
more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring
is a little too in love with its own cuteness
that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging
expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup
could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
's an utterly static picture
hate it because it 's lousy
miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
weak and ineffective ghost story
gone wrong
quick-buck sequel
is a truly , truly bad movie .
an unlimited amount of phony blood
is tepid and tedious .
under-rehearsed
bogs down in genre cliches here .
more simply intrusive
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice
overrun modern-day comedies
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
, ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
brooding
gabbiest giant-screen movie
horrifyingly
, brain-deadening hangover
scant place
falls flat
depressing to see how far herzog has fallen
contrived ,
is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real --
nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film
julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera
the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream
's undeniably hard to follow
hate it .
ai n't art
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape .
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe
hypnotically dull .
juvenile delinquent
who is chasing who or
seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet
, '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . ''
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy .
video before month 's end
, its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype
's hard to like a film so cold and dead
'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
tosses around sex toys and offers
is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .
unexplainable pain
is milked
its own ludicrous terms
a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star
cancer
a wonderful life marathons and bored
cliche-ridden film
that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character
they are in this tepid genre offering
fails to provoke them .
better at fingering problems than finding solutions
demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
be underestimated
the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity
's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
quick-cut edits
in middle-of-the-road blandness
than a half-hearted fluke
of exploiting molestation for laughs
steven soderbergh does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it .
like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .
that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material
could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy
rather listless amble
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier .
is n't very effective
it must be the end of the world :
schlocky creature
feels like a copout
a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes .
oppressively heavy
sad nonsense , this
to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population
the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt
sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
as the protagonists struggled
of hype
an odd show , pregnant with moods ,
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
from the dull
that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand
i did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
endure almost unimaginable horror
to abandon the theater
the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme
a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
do n't really care for the candidate
are not at all entertaining
stale plot and pornographic way
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows .
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and
the most pitiful directing
, stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .
based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior ,
an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame
of story and his juvenile camera movements
a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool
if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .
lies ...
could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd
it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers
, irredeemably awful .
-- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
snoozer .
a heavy stench
is so slight
unnecessary films
abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
about bad cinema
boredom to the point
should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days
clichés and borrowed images
accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
tediously exasperating
has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition
a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )
only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
aground after being snared in its own tangled plot
, the old mib label stands for milder is n't better .
stale and uninspired .
including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
the troubling thing about clockstoppers
picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like
prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
badly-rendered
( hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
should scare any sane person away
could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
scooby-doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .
its sleazy moralizing
like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
yet unforgivingly inconsistent
-- sadly --
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick ,
farts , boobs
crudely
another wholly unnecessary addition
a rather bland affair .
of the nincompoop benigni persona
say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful
might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
with pitifully few real laughs
one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates
is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
runs 163 minutes
is devoid of wit and humor
uncharismatically
it 's got the brawn , but not the brains .
rehashes to feed to the younger generations
lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
more confused , less interesting and more sloppily
gets sillier , not scarier
its delivery is a complete mess
snide and
so flabby
half the excitement of balto ,
are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones
tattered and ugly past
the worst film of the year
in which most of the characters forget their lines
but then again , i hate myself most mornings .
astonishingly condescending attitude
, it does n't even seem like she tried .
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .
demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
, do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .
're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .
are lacking
frothing
is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film .
the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage
, they 'll probably run out screaming .
a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had
could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay
can depress you about life itself .
halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
guns , violence
is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines
trickery
is more likely to induce sleep than fright
any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
it is an uneven film for the most part
contrived pastiche of caper clichés .
cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and
the really bad blair witch project
make such a worthless film
collapses
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit
will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .
mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work
you exit the theater
the ridiculous dialog
boozy
there is nothing redeeming about this movie .
be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
slapped together
sag in certain places
no more racist portraits of indians , for instance )
avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
the characters are paper thin
destroy
queasy
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !
the action is stilted and
a plodding mess
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books
'll find in this dreary mess
is a just a waste .
is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat
aims to confuse
finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
awkwardly contrived exercise
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow
is not quite the career peak
it would still be beyond comprehension
with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else
talk down to them
sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip
cliché-riddled
kill the effect
's one of the worst of the entire franchise
a weird little movie
emotionally vapid
the world 's political situation
forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
who seem barely in the same movie
was only
a dull girl , that 's all
it squanders chan 's uniqueness
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?
hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
fat , dumb
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
into corny sentimentality
is small and shriveled
, sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more .
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .
's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name
jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .
listless
no psychology here ,
hardly an objective documentary
of unfaithful
awkward version
tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
it dull , lifeless , and irritating
moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
absurdities and inconsistencies
a smear
a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
in the travails of creating a screenplay
the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
's nothing to gain from watching they
, the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
too dark to be decipherable
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and
with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity
too few
the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .
weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens
roiling
as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy
unstable
this crude
do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw
otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
the cold light
a subzero version
neither as scary-funny as tremors
moronic
with a grand whimper
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top
press the delete key .
incapable of controlling his crew
of a paranoid and unlikable man
really horrible drek .
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing
the french director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be
neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen
would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
terrible , banal dialogue
bad
killing its soul
it 's exploitive without being insightful .
however
is an entirely foreign concept
one of the most curiously depressing
do well to cram earplugs
does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is
contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal ''
unfunny one
one it follows into melodrama and silliness
boiled hollywood argot
the small screen
unsophisticated
is inane and awful
have no affinity for most of the characters
nothing overly original
be another shameless attempt by disney
almost unimaginable horror
is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny
but blatantly biased
tries-so-hard-to-be-cool
pretty much self-centered
pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience
in such odd plot
ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
irritates and saddens
skip the film and pick up the soundtrack
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years .
can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
sedate
bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line
sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay .
dry of humor , verve and fun
darker
spends a bit too much time
nobody in the viewing audience cares
if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade
been exhausted by documentarians
contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
no , i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
ultra-violent
so many bad romances out there
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes
eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth ,
, absurd collection
no teeth
is not the director at his most sparkling
telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
( tries ) to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the united states .
schizo
as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
scandal
kids = misery
expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune )
will probably be a talky bore
discordant
gross-out flicks ,
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display
muting
sham actor workshops and
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
too slow
is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
than anything seen on jerry springer
aimlessly
should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake
with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free
watching it was painful
one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
if disingenuous ,
redundancies
a few cheap shocks
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
without any of its satirical
the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
it 's too long
stealing harvard ca n't even do that much .
what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
a huge disappointment coming , as it does
it already has one strike against it .
to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
more abhorrent
peculiarly moral amorality
bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago
's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and
an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated ,
's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud
is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
the evening to end
her life half-asleep
what 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
, it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
spend 110 claustrophobic minutes
false and fabricated
of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making
is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail .
there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
crushingly self-indulgent spectacle
, luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
in bad stage dialogue
deep , uncompromising curtsy
the movie 's various victimized audience members
this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .
tedious
gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general
tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food
get out your pooper-scoopers .
is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
pushing the jokes at the expense of character
old story
that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
contrived , lame screenplay
is n't as compelling or as believable
about the thousands of americans who die hideously
you can practically hear george orwell turning over .
after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .
scarcely worth
whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that
, the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
that something so short could be so flabby
two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny
and just plain dumb
drowsy drama
make like the title and dodge this one .
clumsy and
feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy
' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
can get on television for free
the movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
is n't scary .
in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was
just bad
wholly unconvincing
comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids
such a dependable concept was botched in execution
there 's no rooting interest
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
ridiculousness
distracts
a sequel you can refuse
bad soap opera
pacing and lack
my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
threw medical equipment at a window
acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
incapable
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
a vanity project
horrifyingly ,
less funny
hampered
missing a beat
's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise
confusing sexual messages
one-sided documentary
, it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man
such a lousy way
jumps around with little logic or continuity ,
induces a kind of abstract guilt ,
wear thin on all
leaves a bitter taste .
not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ?
tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
grievous but obscure complaint
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen
a bored cage
while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
a bore
a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
start to drag as soon as the action speeds up
's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's .
embarrassment and others
's just merely very bad
feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
this loose collection of largely improvised numbers
more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem
reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness
stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet
a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers
is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material .
rank frustration from those in the
could n't care less
very ugly ,
a distinctly minor effort
are acting like puppets
really horrible
might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block
profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
uglier
scrutinize
has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong
deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie
a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
with bogus profundities
a shallow rumination
, they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
shamelessly money-grubbing
in trapped
that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
misguided comedy
about a horrifying historical event
seems inconceivable
plot conceits
the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication
fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket
die
ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .
the slow parade
years and years of costly analysis could never fix
he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters
pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice
little else
if only it were that grand a failure
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
terribly obvious
created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
book-on-tape
the original was n't a good movie
the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works
would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris .
the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year
an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film
too much of a plunge
singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .
wildly uneven movie
is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory
begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
, it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
looking for astute observations and coming up blank
raunchy and
were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
besotted and obvious drama
no signs of life
an absurdist spider web .
it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
does n't really know or care about the characters , and
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
, repetitive and ragged
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '
downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating .
lulls you into a gentle waking coma
a moratorium
terribly episodic
wal-mart checkout line
relied too much on convention
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire .
dreary movie .
feels like a glossy rehash .
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea ,
, witless mess
not scary
unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
made for the big screen , some for the small screen
despair and
of unrecoverable life
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare
shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length .
profoundly devastating events
cumbersome
it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman
below
animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50
you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue
grating
average formulaic romantic quadrangle
forgets
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste .
low-brow humor
it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways
the profoundly devastating events of one year ago
trying to forget
than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
too big
( jackson and bledel ) seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .
sometimes murky , always brooding look
lackluster
none of this sounds promising
went over my head or
as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
sophomoric
it 'll only put you to sleep .
often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
there are now two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs .
hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own
we had to endure last summer ,
here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go
this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .
dumb gags , anatomical humor
proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized ,
scum
's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either
no wit
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen
were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but
self-hatred instilled
politics
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
over-blown drama
those prone to indignation need not apply
, fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
a surprisingly anemic disappointment
a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way
something creepy and vague
with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern .
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces
, you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
, this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .
, annoying , heavy-handed
the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most
is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
a muted freak-out
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative
, unholy hokum .
that 's neither completely enlightening
most jaded cinema audiences
to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay
his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place
not smart and
the little nuances
the result , however well-intentioned ,
this schlocky horror/action hybrid
utter authority
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
in a movie that works against itself
a blown-out vein
is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
's stupid
insufferably
it 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .
disney scrape
star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .
indulgence
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie .
dumbed-down
is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
brought down by lousy direction
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year -
fatal ailments
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
opera-ish story
's not very interesting .
, wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
to intolerable levels
, broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline
typical pax
is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast
's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
a film that are still looking for a common through-line
were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .
gently tedious in its comedy
judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice .
dysfunctional parent-child relationship
flimsy ending
however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor
jolie 's hideous yellow ` do
by lousy direction
but unmemorable
grows monotonous
is nothing in it to engage children emotionally
indie tatters and self-conscious seams
incurably
has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
manages to be even worse than its title
often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
of its critical backlash and more
undemanding armchair tourists
how this gets us in trouble
that grand a failure
the worst sin
from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea
a few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .
suffocating and sometimes almost senseless
the sentimental script has problems
why i have given it a one-star rating
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash .
pseudo-philosophic
classified as a movie-industry satire
can practically hear george orwell turning over .
does n't so much phone in his performance as
of black indomitability
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates
demanding
its moment
to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand
that jackie chan is getting older
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and
fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .
husband-and-wife disaster
admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics
seems suited neither to kids or adults
torn apart by a legacy of abuse
so not-at-all-good
worst -- and only -- killer website movie
, brooding and slow
is another liability
that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care
by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing
a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
seem odd bedfellows
a fragmented film
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category :
characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
, it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
of the worst possibilities of mankind
miserable
is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
a non-stop cry for attention
both heartbreaking
potty-mouthed enough
clumsy cliché
through kafka 's meat grinder
that were already tired 10 years ago
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium
seem like such a bore
never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , ( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .
is little else to recommend `` never again . ''
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
simple-minded and stereotypical
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ...
half-assed film .
sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning
steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
incoherent
as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
at a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
with really poor comedic writing
wastes its time on mood
greatest mistake
hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .
is a big letdown .
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson
frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness
predictability is the only winner
done that ... a thousand times already
no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
slow
less entertaining
the film 's ill-considered notion
by its lack of purpose
seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else
fat
barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .
pick your nose instead
'' and `` terrible
the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow
all , a condition only the old are privy to
is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
my own tortured psyche
break up
wafer-thin
turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy
's no conversion effort
uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks !
to shout insults at the screen
what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .
a fleeting grasp
imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone
be best forgotten
that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
a listless and desultory affair .
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
and insufferable ball
an ordeal than an amusement
glossy rehash
the one not-so-small problem with expecting
to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be
almost saves the movie .
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact )
... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws
like a hazy high that takes too long to shake
immature provocations
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
that were once amusing
another gross-out college comedy --
best spent elsewhere
distant
the battle
as a low-budget series on a uhf channel
a waste
the script has less spice than a rat burger
more mindless drivel
incompetent ,
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
characteristically engorged and
a gratingly unfunny groaner
most disappointing
in a summer of clones
cliched dialogue and perverse escapism
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
feel like three hours
owes enormous debts
bogs down in a surfeit of characters and
insipid
schneider is no steve martin
's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
humanity 's greatest shame
is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable .
makin ' a fool of himself
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .
does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting
seem one-dimensional
throw each other out windows
though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
the worst movies of the year
, poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
ultra-cheesy
if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in
noticeably less
victim
to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
emotionally bruised characters
feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock
, is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .
evasive
delusional
wimps
who unfortunately works with a two star script
moodiness
will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies
weighted down with slow ,
with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard
, it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .
what goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed
wanes
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .
know better than to rush to the theater for this one
fishy
capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance
will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype
become dullingly repetitive
there are some fairly unsettling scenes
a very slow , uneventful
an awful movie
, ghastly
downer
a trifle
've seen some bad singer-turned actors
have to admit i walked out of runteldat .
is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy
new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
its idiocy
the requisite faux-urban vibe and
in an admittedly middling film
is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .
low on energy
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .
make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad
which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog
the score is too insistent
adam sandler 's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
the most poorly staged and lit action in memory
sucks .
of despair
beware the quirky brit-com .
if there 's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way .
research library dust
to leave this loser
sad to say
like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out
a bad premise , just a bad movie
that for the most part , the film is deadly dull
it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions .
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story
look ill at ease sharing the same scene
paper-thin characterizations
's definite room for improvement .
is n't even a movie
santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard
will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
with crude humor and vulgar innuendo
slapdash mess
foolish and shallow
wander about in thick clouds of denial
fatal
rushed to the megaplexes
a boring man
unpersuasive
that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
and weakly acted
wholly unnecessary addition
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy
that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot
death
imbecilic
's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
a glass of flat champagne
hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100
which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
one problem with the movie
a personal low for everyone
it 's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia
barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
work more than it probably should
capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
never rises above superficiality .
some of this laughable dialogue
mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
nothing about this movie works .
is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way
has not spawned a single good film .
thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy
like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or
as any hollywood fluff
wo n't much care about
jumps around
forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .
very insecure
the level of marginal competence
mergers and downsizing
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes
its intended audience has n't yet had much science
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) .
listless and
gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways
your seat for long stretches
angry and
community-college advertisement
distasteful
uncompromising , difficult
dark areas
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting
since the evil dead
to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
the dark areas of parent-child relationships
as ugly as the shabby digital photography
be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
's a hellish , numbing experience to watch
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation
was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people
more propaganda
a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth )
an ugly , revolting movie .
mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .
red lights , a rattling noise
are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film
be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon )
loses its fire
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap .
is clumsy
a remake by the numbers
but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary .
by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy
than a ` direct-to-video ' release
, almost generic
misogynist
with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight
banal and predictable .
had all its vital essence scooped out
more holes than clyde barrow 's car
manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
was as superficial
to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
to death
of every bad action-movie line in history
of an ordeal than an amusement
the following things are not at all entertaining :
an american tragedy
child acting
squanders as much as it gives out .
repressed
it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
should be relegated to a dark video store corner
goldbacher
shaky
destruction
of blaxploitation flicks
nothing but an episode of smackdown !
of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory
vicious and absurd
gore for suspense
downright transparent
that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an
audacity
lazy tearjerker
ludicrous
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience
more overtly silly dialogue
has some unnecessary parts
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy
a huge disappointment coming
eight legged freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...
is not real
it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
merely offensive
the worst movies
clunky on the screen
not to be moved by this drama
of the worst of the entire franchise
become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
the molehill
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither
absurdly simplistic picture
to smash its face in
a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale
fighting off the urge to doze
there 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else
cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
lacks aspirations of social upheaval
strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
a mediocre exercise in target demographics
ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
seen it all before in one form or another
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .
the film falters
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm .
harmed
, worse ,
there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm
across as lame and sophomoric
a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads
ordinary , pasty lumpen
for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains
never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting
grand a failure
long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken
loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion
sometimes inadequate
even a little dated
plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101
thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson
waste viewers ' time
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
fails to spark this leaden comedy
have come to term an `` ambitious failure
are poorly
sword-and-sorcery
the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez
many bona fide groaners
interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman
of a war zone
, and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's
un-bear-able '' project
mild hallucinogenic buzz
suffocate
is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
while not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .
among the most pitiful directing
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ...
the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences
falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work
nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own
the scuzzy underbelly
see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best
here is doa .
yawner
hiss
actors in bad bear suits
like a rash
it 's loud and boring ;
becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if
further sad evidence
mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
run-of-the-mill .
, this movie is hopeless
, obnoxious
did they not have the nerve to speak up
instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .
to decide what annoyed me most about god is great
humorless , self-conscious art drivel ,
twisted
wait to see it then
while the film is not entirely successful
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
the adventures of direct-to-video nash
interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy
artless sytle
blatant and sickening product placement
seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
best forgotten
big bloody chomps
rejection by one 's mother
although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .
some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk
snared in its own tangled plot
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure ,
that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
manipulative and contrived
coarse , cliched and clunky
miserable and
even the hastily and amateurishly
spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese
lost ideal
the film 's lack
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action
spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
they 'll probably run out screaming .
the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles
is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work
's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit .
gutter
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
a downer and a little
would n't make trouble every day any better .
decrepit freaks
sweet home alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films .
the problematic characters and
long for the end
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .
is tragically
gimmicks
's no real sense of suspense
mopes
rambling and incoherent
trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma
from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc
bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
of grief and loss
sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic
bean drops the ball too many times
there , done that ,
have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again
of useless actioners
all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets
's really sad
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled .
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .
hollywood expects people to pay to see it
if tragic )
it 's splash without the jokes .
feels homogenized and a bit contrived ,
is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .
runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours
a lumbering , wheezy drag
is labored
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? ''
plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
for a film about explosions and death and spies , `` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
misogyny
lacks a sense of dramatic urgency
which never reach satisfying conclusions
hackneyed , threadbare comic setups
dull , dumb and derivative horror
seem disappointing in its generalities
the waste of a good cast
this movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
schmaltzy
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama
it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship
filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
bogs down in rhetoric and cliché
me want to scream
is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings
works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing
is why i have given it a one-star rating
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ...
it 's nowhere near as good as the original .
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them ,
struggle
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .
a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either
slow .
into the sort of heartache everyone
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense
, this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing
suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . ''
cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
mediocre one
the match that should be used to burn every print of the film
need n't waste their time on it
is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama
they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
marking the slow , lingering death of imagination
dullness
ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered
unimaginative and
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie
bad and baffling
high-minded snoozer .
comes off as a pale successor .
something must have been lost in the translation .
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations .
of hollywood fluff
so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
itself are little more than routine .
terrorists are more evil than ever !
was more melodramatic
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama
admitted egomaniac
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work
's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes
overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
what the english call ` too clever by half
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .
hell
from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
on the soullessness of work
stifles creativity
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences ,
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire
been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness
plot holes
is nearly incoherent
too long with too little
it 's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and
represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making
unadorned
what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
is flat
pair that with really poor comedic writing
by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance
it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe
unnoticed
little more than a mall movie designed to kill time
significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .
effort to watch this movie
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase
with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore ,
's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten
as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out --
unbearably
return to never land is much more p.c. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing .
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good
as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california
its need to reassure
limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror
cinematic pollution
's too loud to shout insults at the screen
extremely bad .
hard to be mythic
's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
mishandled here
the awfulness of the movie
with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
a weird fizzle
utter mush
sad , sordid universe
from the demented mind
feels like a prison stretch .
banged their brains into the ground so frequently
can say
the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen
if festival in cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .
half-assed
than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
no big whoop , nothing new to see
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
, indie trick
a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank
this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
aging , suffering
uninvolving storytelling
bordering on confessional
of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it
his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him
a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .
somber , absurd , and , finally ,
what 's infuriating about full frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .
he has no character , loveable or otherwise
pretends to be passionate and truthful but
a `` home alone '' film that is staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
a movie with no reason for being
sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
dreary and overwrought
the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest
feel sanitised and stagey .
meandering and pointless
the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo
splash without the jokes
of its gaudy hawaiian shirt
far more alienating than involving
uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks
as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '
this supposedly funny movie
it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half . '
as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets
a muddy psychological thriller
any real emotional impact
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood
a predictable connect-the-dots course
` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set
crap like this
flatly
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination ,
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste --
just unlikable .
are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
of teen-speak and animal gibberish
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
`` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section
a glorified sitcom , and
mediocrity
the same old silliness
have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks
capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
a loathsome movie
dead
aggravating
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .
unlikeable people
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
's not enough substance here
feeble
all end in someone screaming
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
leave you cold
overwrought comedy/drama
hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
distasteful and downright creepy
a cold blanket
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus
the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction
need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is
nothing better to do with 94 minutes
're over 25 , have an iq over 90 ,
uninventive
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot .
the hastily and amateurishly
becomes a tiresome cliché
is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
too many barney videos
is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
, with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
overacted
it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone
's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale
inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids
typical junkie opera
change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses
slumming
scene-chewing
having sucked dry the undead action flick formula
there 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
to endure instead of enjoy
lurid
... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke
from a flat script and a low budget
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .
match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense
glossy melodrama
an artist who is simply tired --
with slow pacing
'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
, it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
average , at best , i 'm afraid .
an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
staggers
fizzle
of cliches that the talented cast generally
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally
it 's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
while the third feels limited by its short running time
it might have held my attention ,
much worse than bland or
breakdown
can only be described as sci-fi generic
that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it
not exaggerated enough
interest can not be revived .
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note :
no means a slam-dunk
it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama
senseless
unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke
a vile , incoherent mess
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
is by far the worst movie of the year
hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references
, it actually hurts to watch .
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ...
not a trace
an unendurable viewing experience
otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés
few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
, fetishistic violence
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together
a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire
toilet humor
too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations
make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and
of corny dialogue and preposterous moments
needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage .
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life
is really frustratingly timid and soggy
in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast
by this tired retread
forget about it by monday
weird .
what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
lame comedy .
was going to be really awful
squanders its beautiful women
no real surprises
gangster no. 1 drips
sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set
except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
the script 's endless assault
it 's badder than bad .
little excitement
seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely
electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
( or worth rooting against , for that matter )
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation
the jokes , most at women 's expense
you 're a struggling nobody
as the mediterranean sparkles , ` swept away ' sinks .
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad ,
an unsettling picture
is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve
opera on film is never satisfactory .
uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion
distasteful and
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed
about existential suffering
it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy
no affinity
nijinsky says , ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and
exceptionally dreary and overwrought
, vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
it feels like a glossy rehash .
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
re-fried green tomatoes
overexposed waste
is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once
while it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
, unimaginative and derivative
most disappointing woody allen movie
's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
milder is n't better
they could n't have done in half an hour
exploiting it yourself
an amateurish screenplay
moaning about their cruel fate
melancholy
there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
stale and
sorority boys is a bowser .
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening
the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment
violated
smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .
de niro 's right-hand goombah
bad bear suits
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling
seriously , folks , it does n't work .
it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .
contrived plot points
deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery
is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own
naive dreams
a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
about an adult male dressed in pink jammies
though harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
little wit
at its laziest
its worst harangues
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .
there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
gibberish
naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
, however entertainingly presented ,
a sour attempt
its perfunctory conclusion
employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .
find it baffling
by now intolerable morbidity
in a dysfunctional family
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen ,
feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .
farts , urine ,
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role .
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
idiotic and ugly
does n't make sense
some unnecessary parts
is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role
, nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
no organic intrigue
tardier
slight and uninventive
'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper
, i hate it .
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor
unsurprisingly
see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
irritating ( at least to this western ear ) ,
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .
there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies ever made .
totalitarian
in a shabby script
of abuse
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level .
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters ,
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire
stifling morality tale
been slimed in the name of high art
it happens to flat characters
the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
cliche pileup
coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather
is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else
you can taste it , but there 's no fizz .
doze off for a few minutes
murder by numbers just does n't add up .
dull effects
the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon )
's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences
is just lazy writing
an entirely stale concept
has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
can overcome bad hair design
it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
misconstrued
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers
cheap ,
a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
to match the ordeal of sitting through it
grossly
to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism
the dull effects
too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly
be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe
time out
that the answer is as conventional as can be
foul-natured
an almost unbearably morbid
while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one
a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .
numbing experience to watch
is ultimately quite unengaging .
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .
the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
slash-fest
a boring man ,
a new , self-deprecating level
a spotty script
phony
slow down
, despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes ,
poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines
cast is painful to watch
, we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in
is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you
smash its face in
plays like a bad soap opera ,
unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
racial tension
lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless
you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .
more than recycled jock
by the final whistle you 're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic .
our dismay
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .
's not nearly enough
has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest
it 's not very well shot or composed or edited
dumb and
's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making
keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart
populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who
slob
too busy
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
try to avoid
so impersonal
there is plenty of room for editing , and
this year 's razzie
cinematic punishment
truly egregious
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .
the opposite of a truly magical movie
frantic
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups .
the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks
glucose sentimentality and
film lapses
bad and baffling from the get-go
's nowhere near as exciting as either
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup ,
rather thin moral
that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
it 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and )
tackling what seems like done-to-death material
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily
, the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure
teeny-bopper
you wo n't like looking at it
its decrepit freaks
pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings
as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .
vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen
who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
a superficial way , while never sure
that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
prolonged extrusion
some episodes work , some do n't .
is a cinematic misdemeanor
about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast
a bad taste
lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency
you find yourself praying for a quick resolution
is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice
that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline
fairly slow
( janey ) forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
a bad movie ,
followed by the bad idea
the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for
piss on trees , b.s. one another
another unoriginal run
stolid remake
smug and cartoonish
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman
an exhausted , desiccated talent
be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
is n't funny
tabloid
unfunny and unoriginal mess
with a lower i.q. than when i had entered
we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is
self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
lurid and less than lucid work
hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .
sordid to function as comedy
money-grubbing
aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
bores
had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost
is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it
misogynist evil
into melancholia
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures ,
an awkwardly garish showcase
the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making
more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
a tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .
animation back 30 years
in the murk of its own making
free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is --
really long , slow and dreary time
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source .
where the film falters is in its tone .
a monopoly on mindless action
's just not very smart .
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer .
to have bitterly forsaken
that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
thoughtful without having much dramatic impact
could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls
xxx
than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level
expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash .
by that measure , it is a failure .
because relatively nothing happens
unimaginatively
for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works
demented
falls apart
humorless ,
bottom-rung
do n't come off
that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor
its extremely languorous rhythms ,
scalds like acid
dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect
poorly staged
you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
a sermon for most of its running time
watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it ,
leaving you
( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
a little too smugly
been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again
to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
as its own most damning censure
enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
a low-budget hybrid of scarface
flick that scalds like acid
a ridiculous wig
as steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .
no level whatsoever
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . '
does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
only masochistic moviegoers
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius
too much power , not enough puff
do not fit
mushy , existential exploration
the sheer ugliness
ended so damned
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .
a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
this tale has been told and retold
entirely stale
from sharing the awe in which it holds itself
for godard
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .
the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
very bad scouse accents
the tedium
than the very sluggish pace
is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy
an incredibly irritating comedy
to see who can out-bad-act the other
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes ,
mention `` solaris '' five years from now and
's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend
business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen
's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit
the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
abrasive
groan and hiss
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced
are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .
, stupid
slow , predictable
being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken .
a listless climb down the social ladder
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .
in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets
there 's no real sense of suspense ,
under its own thinness
is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price
erratic career
visual gags
the experience of staring at a blank screen
, i did n't care .
too loud and
most battered women
appears not to have been edited at all
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
screen been so aggressively anti-erotic
to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
or worth rooting against , for that matter
to get a coherent rhythm going
feminist empowerment tale thinly
simple misfire
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is
from this unimaginative comedian
repetitive and ragged
the canadian 's inane ramblings
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment
instantly disposable
is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches
despite the efforts of a first-rate cast
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .
devoid of pleasure or sensuality
i see this piece of crap again
it 's pretty stupid .
is a disaster ,
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .
by working girl scribe kevin wade
gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
store for unwary viewers
weak payoff
as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
the movie 's seams may show ...
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving
endure instead of
american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
being boring
unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .
all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
becomes unwatchable
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ;
direction and complete lack
might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
a frustrating misfire
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : ``
there 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .
weepy
becomes predictably conventional .
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams
that is dark
grows thin
the absurdities and inconsistencies
farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
be baffled
the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an )
is of overwhelming waste
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over ,
're in for a painful ride .
fairly parochial melodrama
a little weak
overcomes its visual hideousness
a cheat in the end
undercut
whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside ,
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey
with unlikable , spiteful idiots
although purportedly a study in modern alienation
's fairly lame ,
is less compelling than the circumstances of its making
dead-undead genre
ache
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .
surprisingly anemic disappointment
jaw-droppingly superficial
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot
wildcard
, you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
an inexplicable nightmare
could very well clinch him this year 's razzie
tries for more .
's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness
showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .
god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves .
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy ,
even the corniest and most hackneyed
's not too much of anything
implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying
it 's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches ,
shoot something on crummy-looking videotape
two fatal ailments --
dull , somnambulant exercise
the ridiculous dialog or
'll only put you to sleep
sentimental cliches
, despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste
stupid sequel
even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy
been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos
a markedly inactive film , city
to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
has its faults
loneliness
get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
wasting away inside unnecessary films
failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
it 's impossible to care
graceless and ugly
ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
do well to cram earplugs in their ears
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed
pushes its agenda too forcefully
the whole dead-undead genre
onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .
stop buying tickets
nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
their super-powers , their super-simple animation
's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled
feels shrill , simple and soapy .
make the film more silly than scary
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations
are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
endless exposition
making his wife look so bad in a major movie
and mawkish dialogue
is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .
harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
too much time
almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell
for bad movies
depleted
clichéd and shallow cautionary tale
any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
over-the-top , and amateurish .
the worst elements
uneasy mix
is the opposite of a truly magical movie
what little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
are more involving than this mess
unfunny phonce
like a student film
takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance
stubbornly refused to gel
the crassness
wartime
quite frankly , i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
visually ugly
find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter
underconfident
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and
crass , low-wattage
'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies
of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in ( the characters ' ) misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film
an astonishingly witless script
with his fake backdrops and stately pacing
feels rigged and sluggish
its standard formula
the insipid script
concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .
vacant
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
are often more predictable than their consequences
a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text
partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success
human nature should be ingratiating
until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations
is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
ordinary
runs around and acts like a doofus
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché .
put together with the preteen boy in mind
feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
so dull
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please
so muddled , repetitive and ragged
manipulation ,
none-too-funny
the wobbly premise work
a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame
been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle
to split up so that it can do even more damage
of other , better movies
is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .
the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going
the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
flagrantly fake thunderstorms
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse
an unsettling sight ,
imagine the cleanflicks version of ` love story , ' with ali macgraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .
repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
with zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies
the film , like jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .
utterly painful to watch
refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
is hell .
one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels
bland actors
he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
fully forgotten
of flat champagne
old pickup skidding
fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
same stuff
the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had
that their charm does n't do a load of good
for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc
weak and ineffective
as much of a mess as this one
mostly fool 's
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles :
is never quite able
smug and convoluted
if they looked at how this movie turned out
slump
of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters
ill at ease sharing the same scene
that crawls along at a snail 's pace
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
without any redeeming value whatsoever .
it 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
sounds like horrible poetry .
regret
by a sloppy script
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started
being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
is n't breaking new ground
the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi
to face frightening late fees
depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved
a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
with guardian hack nick davies
suffered through the horrible pains of a death
slack and
, claustrophobic
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive
mind-destroying
gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .
is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways
to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
to cheap manipulation or corny conventions
hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
look bad
doze off
mishandled
is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs
septic tank
to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic
object to the idea of a vietnam picture
wo n't like looking at it
i have given it a one-star rating
though i could not stand them
old-hat
hypertime in reverse
up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .
its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway
sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm
turns into an ocean of trouble
it 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .
sometimes just lapses into unhidden british
nasty comedy
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just
is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
repetitive and
vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse
the sulking , moody male hustler
in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
mob
bad blend
without much interest in the elizabethans
fairly uneventful and
kathy baker 's creepy turn
too stagey ,
recycled more times
stunt-hungry dimwits
's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes
worst elements
is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded
do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .
creatively stillborn
horrified
the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured
drek
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
too much like a fragment of an underdone potato
painfully bad
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles
decent but dull .
for the playlist
stale and clichéd to a fault .
far-flung , illogical , and
uneven movie
it is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
the ridiculous bolero
a sugar-coated rocky
a snail 's pace
every cheesy scene
supposedly , pokemon ca n't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
genial is the conceit ,
his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term --
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there 's very little hustling on view .
short on larger moralistic consequences
as dreadful
does n't make any sense
flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
pathetic junk
you might as well be watching it through a telescope
feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .
there surrender $ 9
it 's tough to watch
an inhalant blackout
, worse yet , nonexistent --
it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality
otherwise dull
deviant
you leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick
he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .
found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going
it 's still a comic book ,
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this
have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again
suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
without shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place ,
savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed
as it is repetitious
a weepy melodrama
that efforts toward closure only open new wounds
of holes and completely lacking in chills
that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i
you feel pissed off
version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip
wan
deep vein
the screenplay falls somewhat short
misguided
repulsive and
a ragbag
is a little scattered -- ditsy
smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made --
flawed but
disappoint
by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
the great pity
in a superficial way , while never sure
any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future
in a giant pile of elephant feces
is beyond playing fair with the audience
something 's horribly wrong
this gets us in trouble
should pay reparations to viewers .
no more
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow
plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
yarn-spinner
's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
easy , cynical potshots
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed
attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs
the movie is a desperate miscalculation .
a battle between bug-eye theater and dead-eye matinee .
avert our eyes
assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height
asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
temperamental child
presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier
reached its expiration date
offering next to little insight
be lulled into a coma
the lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
supermarket tabloids
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better
does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it .
dead-end
rough-trade homo-eroticism
unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism
could rent the original and get the same love story and parable
toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle
on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged
only makeup-deep
is unfocused ,
in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
` martin lawrence live ' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
just offbeat
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point
leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
uptight , middle
that you had already seen that movie
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and
, pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .
meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle
is superficial
in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
hole-ridden
who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state
does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
the results are far more alienating than involving .
sit in neutral
ultimately hollow mockumentary
irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
radical '' or `` suck ''
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .
call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
of a brutal mid
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but
the characters seem one-dimensional , and
imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful
it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
is hereby given fair warning .
morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
, crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .
a processed comedy chop suey .
did not figure out a coherent game
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
is all too predictable and far too cliched
hate
we 've seen it all before in one form or another ,
rashomon-for-dipsticks
performance - ahem
fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
can be a bit repetitive
no charm , no laughs , no fun ,
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction
's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
starving and
of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
that only seems to care about the bottom line
a lumbering load
they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
consumed and forgotten
after drinking twelve beers
it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
a big fat pain .
need of a scented bath
that has no point and goes nowhere
a sour little movie
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
unimaginative and derivative
the cheap
is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
' should never have been brought out of hibernation
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein 's brain .
dreary expanse
's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf
, there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy
by amateurish
about whose fate it is hard to care
just another teen movie ,
pitifully few real laughs
defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
` it 's just a kids ' flick
simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was
there is precious little of either .
you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
feels at odds with the rest of the film .
to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident
as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points
insipid , brutally clueless film
that it comes off as annoying rather than charming
the problems of fledgling democracies
i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it
an unsympathetic character and someone
is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito
too long
lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction
puzzling than unsettling
the edge of sanity
stock situations and characters
not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at .
increasingly diverse
stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .
an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .
that fails to make adequate
he 's not good with people .
might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
hollywood frightfest
pushed into the margins
doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations
killer
, unlikeable people
do the genial-rogue shtick to death
revelatory and narcissistic
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other john woo flick for that matter .
there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable
emotionally desiccated
when it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
an unsophisticated
is n't much to it
overboard
zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' ,
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating
by a lackluster script and substandard performances
stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold
failing , ultimately
woefully dull
real snooze .
absurd ,
stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
dragged on
forgettably
your indifference
obnoxious comedy
, lan yu never catches dramatic fire .
nothing about this movie
leaves blue crush waterlogged
it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness
's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
is rotten in the state of california
lurches between not-very-funny comedy
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .
a grating ,
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
so much leniency
had all its vital essence scooped out and
way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time
no special effects , and no hollywood endings
the more hackneyed elements of the film
hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
melodramatic paranormal romance
whiny pouty-lipped poof
more tiring than anything
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie ,
it 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
horror
paints - of a culture in conflict with itself
between the artificial structure
the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series
the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
losin ' his fan base
you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake .
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
loopy and
while some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
this flat effort
who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense
really get weird , though not particularly scary
it never comes close to being either funny or scary
predictable rehash
so cold and dead
too erotic nor
stupid
wondering why these people mattered
infidelity
no good answer to that one
to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
having a nightmare about bad cinema
bratty for sympathy
worse than you can imagine
that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors
just do n't work in concert .
it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain
of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this
the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments
really goes downhill .
a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
their story is predictable
humorless
misses
from a bad clive barker movie
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic
ultimately purposeless
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it
as unblinkingly pure as the hours
half-hearted
padded
walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat
kiddie fantasy pablum
of overwhelming waste
by the pathetic idea
sure to ultimately disappoint the action
's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull
dripping with cliche
, the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but
wewannour money back ,
as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending .
sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature
what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling
mired in tear-drenched quicksand
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture ,
the dog from snatch )
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth .
no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither
a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series .
a thoroughly awful movie --
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and
there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
dismally dull sci-fi comedy
denouement
still want my money back .
has a tired , talky feel .
an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson .
it aims so low
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .
big , dumb action movie
lip-reading
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk
morally bankrupt characters
you 're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic .
intentionally low
creepy crawlies
loud , witless mess
a dud
sappy situations and dialogue
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness
includes too much obvious padding .
becomes predictably conventional
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
a story for more than four minutes
trifling
one of the most repellent things
would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life
oversexed
it gets old quickly .
peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
flat and uncreative
oo many of these gross
i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
rooting for the monsters in a horror movie
, everything else about the film tanks .
as overbearing and over-the-top as the family
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman
a bland murder-on-campus
a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic
even the corniest
wretchedly
you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow
late fees
fails at both endeavors
convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
siren
to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something
from a bygone era
during the tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` chan moment ' .
should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn
something goes bump in the night and nobody cares
puzzle his most ardent fans .
a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
a black hole
inauthentic at its core
remain an unchanged dullard
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was
of an underdone potato
it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series .
ghastly
a nightmare about bad cinema
to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
the third feels limited by its short running time
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .
that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery
going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
, by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care
gets old
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise ,
simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
when none of them are ever any good
tired , talky
'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment
for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
's the butt of its own joke
clichés and mawkish dialogue
a tragic dimension and
deathly slow to any teen
annoyed
that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album
worked against the maker 's minimalist intent
spirals downward , and
more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him
generic thriller junk .
no fun
a simple premise
the film 's lack of personality
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story
any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears
one ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album .
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness
overstays
the nerve-raked acting ,
is n't merely offensive
unlikable
... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? ''
rent those movies instead ,
is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever
vulgar , sexist
very difficult
is so incredibly inane
brash and mainly unfunny
convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way
misconceived final
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .
where their heads were is anyone 's guess .
of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
bug-eyed mugging
sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
a hack script
just does n't have anything really interesting to say .
and lesbian children
unimpressively
is an impossible task
been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy
are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
there 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers ,
even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
bracingly nasty
trapped wo n't score points for political correctness
cold , gray , antiseptic and
who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
drag
'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
abandoned ,
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .
dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
inconsistencies
something creepy about this movie
the yawning chasm where the plot should be
maudlin focus
a film living far too much in its own head
make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film
bitterly
watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you
when the explosions start , they fall to pieces
could not stand them
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
groaner
tired , unnecessary
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't
for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
its absurdities and crudities
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages
no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer
feature-length stretch
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . ''
, think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony
the consequences
no amount of imagination
more salacious telenovela than serious drama
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
`` abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
feel sorry
by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .
bad direction
every painful nuance ,
dominate a family
least favorite emotions
of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film
is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament
solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
a year late
get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
random , superficial humor
it makes absolutely no sense
to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
makes a better short story than it does a film
a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along
uninteresting
's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish
is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven .
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line
the same mistake as the music industry
no , paralyzed
a collective heart attack
that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '
peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids
painful
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .
wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways
misses the mark
killer
is n't heated
are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
is nothing redeeming about this movie .
that is impenetrable and dull
sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
the direction is clumsy
shallow .
never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad
is tepid and tedious
it 's just not very smart .
an awful snooze .
the real horror may be waiting for us at home
leave you wanting to abandon the theater
otherwise bleak tale
awkwardly garish showcase
a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this
might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek )
most opaque , self-indulgent and
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms
is workmanlike in the extreme .
are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine
to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
of embarrassment
you 're not a fan
to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary
fake
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
pay money for what we can get on television for free
the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
a predictable , manipulative stinker
, today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
, not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels
no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive
is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie 's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
underlines even the dullest tangents
relentlessly nasty situations
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
the usual cliches
still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone
too many prefabricated story elements
is a little too in love
the film is strictly routine .
the lazy material and
aggressively silly
the most moronic screenplays of the year
less than fresh .
tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
is plenty of room for editing
is as difficult for the audience
's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out
director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
really poor
if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal
has fallen
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution
her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game
in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary
steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films
with the weak payoff
just another disjointed
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ;
a couple of burnt-out cylinders
with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
'd probably turn it off
come with the warning
is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie
, quite simply , should n't have been made
rip-off
where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still
the shallow sensationalism characteristic
it lacks a strong narrative
by poor casting
any of the signposts
as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
so bland
more repetition than creativity throughout the movie
is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio
a collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films .
everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
, dull procession
is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be
introverted young men with fantasy fetishes
drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek
their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential
mediocre exercise
taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
muddled and derivative
, excruciatingly tedious
is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
lonely and needy
show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
an ill-conceived
mainly unfunny
dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
itself all too seriously
dread encountering the most
, nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
are odd and pixilated
punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter
would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera
alienating most viewers
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital .
ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing
cliches , painful improbability and murky
is as padded as allen 's jelly belly .
a waste of fearless purity
seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
empty theaters
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and
this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .
neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
falls to the floor with a sickening thud .
he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted
a fault
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie
is cruel
does n't beat that one , either .
stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel
, the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series
as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
directed , barely ,
an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth
combined with indoctrinated prejudice
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
ambivalence
is that it stinks .
seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
, alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
every indulgent , indie trick
seems a prostituted muse
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant
none of this sounds promising and ,
it 's a dish that 's best served cold
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .
surrounding us with hyper-artificiality
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ...
the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .
a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
of clichés and borrowed images
trapped wo n't score points for political correctness ,
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .
pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success
a concept doofus
insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound
an unencouraging threefold expansion
banal
the unmentionable
its story just is n't worth telling
utterly painful
weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
wannabe-hip
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .
while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
writing and slack direction
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week ,
ah-nuld 's
become wearisome .
dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication
's neither original nor terribly funny
of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements
for purposes of bland hollywood romance
's often overwritten ,
overcome the problematic script
there are some laughs in this movie , but williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .
that a life like this can sound so dull
, the journey does n't really go anywhere .
a curious sick poetry ,
favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
does n't figure in the present hollywood program
another run-of-the-mill disney sequel
a relative letdown .
painfully flat gross-out comedy
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .
a lumbering load of hokum but
that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it
all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and
this kiddie-oriented stinker
the operative word for `` bad company
pompous
2-day old coke
conventional ,
lends itself to easy jokes and insults
told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
meager
so awful
's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .
awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
, but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
drag on for nearly three hours
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and
barn-burningly bad movie
the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy
that its own action is n't very effective
, noisy and pretentious
part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading
that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
too amateurish and awkward
clichés , depression and
an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us
so much phone in his performance as
what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
although estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
low-budget series
this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat
inherent absurdity
is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .
( johnnie to and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
the problem with all of this
recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
is really , really stupid
suicidal
in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory
fears
an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
as a soufflé gone wrong
is sordid and disgusting .
the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice
in an attempt
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
the fine line between cheese
right down the reality drain
by a legacy of abuse
like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming
a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs. sever , were made for the palm screen .
made a movie that is n't just offensive
leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites
to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
implausible
ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .
filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat
in which the kids in the house will be gored
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
the film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
turgid
been recycled more times than i 'd care to count
most third-rate horror sequels
labored and unfunny
a boring movie
even more indistinct
aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit
time , death
's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .
dull , unimaginative
, amari 's film falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey .
fetid underbelly
a flat script
sentimental , hypocritical
carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
does n't add up .
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery
as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ?
the primitive murderer
feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor
less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series
bore .
's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original
that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
the predictability
starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
grows thin soon
add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
the poor and the dispossessed
that movie nothing
contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a
it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
hate myself
of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame
is a fragmented film ,
tv sitcom material
the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating .
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation
a bad movie , just mediocre
can detract from the affection of that moral favorite
, do n't bother .
long ,
the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
just plain bad .
completely awful
offers nothing
intimidated by both her subject matter and
totally unnecessary prologue
herzog has fallen
sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls .
silly , stupid and pointless
is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
though jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape
... irritating soul-searching garbage .
naiveté and
devoid of wit and humor
like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry
a brazenly misguided project
those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
with the transparent attempts at moralizing
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , ``
hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
too clichéd and too often strains credulity
for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart
boilerplate clichés
is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
the gross-out comedy
chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .
will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting .
completely awful iranian drama ...
to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of
mean
noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
this nonsensical story
that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad
this unrelenting bleak insistence
for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears
there 's no art here
originality ai n't on the menu ,
` terrorists
plain dumb
unspeakably ,
`` goddammit
it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
is n't really one of resources
're more likely to enjoy on a computer
dredge up
a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and
, no matter how degraded things get .
if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
not to have been edited at all
it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
work as shallow entertainment ,
familiar and tired
'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair
they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort
rambling and incoherent manifesto
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen .
unencouraging threefold expansion
is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff
does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
so sloppy
it 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful .
a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts
, absurd ,
may find it uninteresting
it overstays its natural running time
most repugnant adaptation
the humans are acting like puppets
stale , futile scenario
hungry-man portions of bad '
there 's nothing resembling a spine here
's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter
the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence
more than a tepid
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
there 's nothing very attractive about this movie
expect from movies
has a number of holes
the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle '
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period
watching junk
, but slow
is a disaster
its rough edges
as imperious
does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .
staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge
putrid
's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it
too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary
forced
lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
derived from a lobotomy
it squanders chan 's uniqueness ;
superficial humor
be consumed and forgotten
intolerable
contrived sequels
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
does n't work
the unsalvageability
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party
that are damned in queen of the damned
it 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert
will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
straight out of a cellular phone commercial
harm
so many false scares
regret and
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious
murk
confusing on one level or another ,
nightmare
with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni
loneliness can make people act weird
a loud , witless mess that
, graceless , hackneyed
insufferable ball
who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders
disappointing to a certain degree
, the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .
cold porridge
they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
a total rehash
turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing
a bland , pretentious mess .
even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
drags the film down .
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .
people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks
smart-aleck
fall dreadfully short
phlegmatic
could hate it for the same reason .
when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable
little farm melodrama .
's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity
the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept
think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
a visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial
tiresome
has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half .
hypnotically dull
feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
mess ...
incongruous summer playoff
similarly ill-timed
you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine .
the vagueness
lacking about everything
its predictability
this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .
a simple misfire
nutty cliches and far too much
a loose collection
the mushy finale
's a terrible movie in every regard ,
geriatric dirty harry ,
like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
the drama discloses almost nothing .
to many clichés
squanders chan 's uniqueness
be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook
same easy targets
with a sickening thud
with a flimsy ending
outlandish
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .
most of the problems with the film
like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing
without much of a story
presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves
, like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down
unbearable
lacking in chills
is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
a calculating fiend
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .
( other than the very sluggish pace )
failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie
` fatal script error
the director 's epitaph for himself
insipid , brutally clueless
slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves
discomfort and embarrassment
is not entirely successful
is about as deep as that sentiment
replaced by goth goofiness
a one-trick pony
dreadfully short
the mediocre end of the pool
the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers
too sappy
half-baked setups
all awkward , static ,
ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .
sloughs one 's way
overdoing
induces headaches more slowly
without any passion
limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or
more and more abhorrent
be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt
silly and crude storyline
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull
impossible as it may sound
, long-suffering but cruel
bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay
is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
creeping
is one of those films that aims to confuse
are paper thin
improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen
shallow rumination
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie
shabby script
go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew ,
by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
by labored writing and slack direction
it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
troubled
why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , i did n't care .
because it aims so low
lacks the inspiration of the original and
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled
his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy
another useless recycling of a brutal mid -
too bad .
as artificial and soulless
become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past
to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .
which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
dysfunctional drama
unoriginal mess
could n't stand to hear
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ...
one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
roman coppola 's brief pretentious period
, it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one .
veers into corny sentimentality ,
mind crappy movies as much
toss it
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
disturb
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles
the worst sense of the expression
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x.
of war
this rude and crude film
do justice to the awfulness of the movie ,
coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots
little too obvious ,
would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special
seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither
boredom to the point of collapse ,
that tells us nothing new
the re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
the barn-burningly bad movie
were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone
posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse
shameless attempt
almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . ''
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .
flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation
mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
i have a confession to make : i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy .
should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
forced drama
... is dudsville .
this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .
of a legal thriller
'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy
sluggish , tonally uneven
see this piece of crap
pity and
soggy performances
impersonal and
bug-eye theater and dead-eye
wildly overproduced ,
feel-bad
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit
for the under-7 crowd
blustery movie
, you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake .
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story .
is the most disappointing woody allen movie
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire
under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad .
thoroughly awful movie
sub-formulaic
the long list of renegade-cop tales
's exploitive without being insightful .
every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians
generic drama
one of the most highly-praised disappointments i 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was
chafing
reeking
who would not likely be so stupid as to get
dialogue and preposterous moments
weighs down his capricious fairy-tale
does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
by its smallness
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie
a banal spiritual quest
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but
tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but
joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog )
ill-conceived and expensive project
rhetoric and cliché
mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going
die hideously
, colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
becomes more specimen than character
lazy , miserable and smug .
consider a dvd rental instead
, i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
oddballs
see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it
the premise itself is just sooooo tired .
lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
, harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
self-hating , self-destructive ways
of the other foul substances
one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
too crazy
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .
could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
drags
in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
it 's not only dull because we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
she might not make for a while
is wrong in its sequel
of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
with enough negatives
try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward
in such a potentially sudsy set-up
a kind of abstract guilt
but mush-hearted .
a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess
built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
dared to mess with some powerful people
has one strike against it
a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation
only obscure the message
unhappy
somewhat flawed ,
as rude and profane
that no wise men will be following after it
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
've been trying to forget
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak
nonsensical and formulaic
's far too tragic
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .
unfolds predictably
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
sight gags
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film
this did n't connect with me would require another viewing
, flat dialogue
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but
callow
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
itself is just sooooo tired .
screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
the plot grows thin soon
lacking any sense of commitment
rigid and
merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
dreary and
and , in the end , not well enough
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
although this idea is `` new ''
falling into the hollywood trap and
can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
curiously , super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable
the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
more than it does cathartic truth telling
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be
even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone
of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
the concept of loss
recycled and dumbed-down version
is high on squaddie banter ,
messy and
superficial treatment
feels a bit anachronistic .
its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
it 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ...
holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics
rambles
ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
at every faltering half-step of its development
blustery
feeling guilty for it
gloomy film noir veil
an uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films
ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
is doomed by its smallness
the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . '
's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
more challenging or depressing
could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .
all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies ,
is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) .
mushy
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy .
followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
for no better reason
's a hellish ,
a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film
too much resonance
find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere
lost his touch ,
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series
makes a better travelogue than movie .
sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
more forced than usual
excruciatingly unfunny
bad animation and
grows boring despite the scenery .
the feeble examples
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage
it does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
in frustration
is as serious as a pink slip .
went over my head or -- considering just
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie
boring man
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
is frustratingly unconvincing .
from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .
for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory .
like a grinning jack o ' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
before indigestion sets
should n't the reality seem at least passably real
whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
who are nearly impossible to care about
do a little fleeing of its own
misfire
contentious configurations
a bad premise ,
druggy and self-indulgent
the movie is amateurish , but
like legally blonde and sweet home abomination
his kids to watch too many barney videos
anguished performance
stuffy ,
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening
into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
, it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility
too many `` serious issues ''
will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
it does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
the problem with `` xxx '' is that its own action is n't very effective .
` it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
of the darkest variety
, it 's just another sports drama/character study .
decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy
like lint in a fat man 's navel
the year 's worst cinematic tragedies
dull , simple-minded and stereotypical
he 's afraid of his best-known creation
walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked
is clearly not zhang 's forte
an empty , purposeless exercise .
that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
grade-grubbers
chronically
pissed
little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2
flopped as surely
believe that a life like this can sound so dull
is never satisfactory
inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids ,
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
ca n't support the epic treatment
the most part a useless movie , even with
lost in the murk of its own making
ponderous and pretentious endeavor
... overly melodramatic ...
welcome to collinwood never catches fire .
glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby
herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .
way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies
i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
's all bluster and cliché
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes
stale ,
worst harangues
a dim-witted pairing
the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .
because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
plodding , peevish and gimmicky
hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
's uninteresting
prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself
carry on their parents ' anguish
feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic
to a harrison ford low
create images you wish you had n't seen
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on
a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
from films crammed with movie references
ultimately lifeless
trademark misogyny
all unfolds predictably
anti-semitism and neo-fascism
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but
be profane ,
the most excruciating 86 minutes one
instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel
so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film
'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i
itself and retreats
as a hole in the head
little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff
a mishmash
one of the worst movies of the year .
of these despicable characters
seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .
's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness .
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters
its many out-sized ,
are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs
out of a cellular phone commercial
seem self-consciously poetic and forced
limply
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
all too familiar
its tragic waste of life
, welcome to collinwood never catches fire .
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
natter
, lecherous
knee-jerk misogyny
instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work
suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it
'' is the operative word for `` bad company
this is a film living far too much in its own head .
to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period
a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers
impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face
barely shocking
in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
, earnest and -- sadly -- dull
we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at
soulless and
the phrase ` fatal script error
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers
does n't add up to a whole lot
a grenade with his teeth
preachy
racism and
forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already
how low brow it is
this erotic cannibal movie is boring
's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
falls flat as thinking man
tell you how tedious ,
indescribably bad
the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star
the same old garbage
more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
messiness
hazy
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up .
does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal
too long to shake
to be really awful
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
stuffy and
is too blatant
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film
is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless
of intoxicating atmosphere and little else
pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
, why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
too bland and
is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card
wickedly undramatic central theme
you think , zzzzzzzzz
, vaguely silly overkill
accident
bad mannered
the film 's most improbable feat ?
deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk
if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet
bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness
i do n't think this movie loves women at all .
is well below expectations
is , we have no idea what in creation is going on
sleepless
embarrassed
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .
omitted nor a cliché left unsaid
equally derisive
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but
too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland
the modern remake of dumas 's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action .
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .
noise , mayhem and stupidity
it 's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
, shapeless documentary
it 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s
impersonal
the lack of climax and , worst of all
hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon )
from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied
over-the-top , and
hackneyed
leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion
loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat
is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
making reference to other films and trying to be other films
not smart
is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
no chemistry or
an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
, luridly colored ,
is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total
a sick and evil woman
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and
muddled
bo derek made the ridiculous bolero
cruel and
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered ,
wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
would stoop so low
somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them
unpaid intern
it is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .
disconcertingly slack
distinctly minor effort
all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 .
this u-boat does n't have a captain .
is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
is n't something to be taken seriously
entirely infantile
dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
own meager weight
a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust )
unlikable , uninteresting
than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
too weak
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
could have been crisper and punchier
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate
both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable
awkward
it 's an utterly static picture
more like the pilot episode of a tv series
dismissed as mindless
obvious .
a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
is all over the place
's not very good either
if you have the patience for it
has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
intimidated by both her subject matter
leaden as the movie sputters
old bad trip
so tedious
as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine
dishonest
a phlegmatic bore
standard horror flick formula
lacking
nothing but boilerplate clichés from start
profanity and violence
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films
by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
deniro 's once promising career
a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
remote , emotionally distant piece
direct-to-video/dvd category
they wo n't much care about
halfwit plot
than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject
while you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet , you 're a jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . ''
, with enough negatives
it 's not a motion picture ;
overwrought ,
the beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .
while his characters are acting horribly
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off
thinly sketched story
lacks the charisma and ability
feels five hours long
hey everybody , wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
it 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .
unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie
to keel over
an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves
were worried
this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth
david spade as citizen kane ?
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie
unamusing
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .
get this thing over with
the film has a problem
irritating display
musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets
it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead
dishonest and
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots
was n't feeling any of it
secondhand material
wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd
ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution
a grenade
too mainstream
it does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .
like time fillers between surf shots
grasping actors ' workshop that it is
should strike a nerve in many
argentine retread
daft
that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster
too evident
is way too stagy
'm afraid .
the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line
is wholly unconvincing
shoot it in the head
stalking
done with noticeably less energy and imagination
ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches
an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream
cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials
used soap
'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
unlikable characters and
to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness
it ai n't art , by a long shot ,
this would-be ` james bond for the extreme generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .
cliches and
eastwood is off his game
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed
is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
could be so flabby
musty
disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep
schizo cartoon
conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here
nearly as dreadful
in the worst sense of the expression
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary
stereotypes
lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
idling in neutral
is a film living far too much in its own head
shooting itself in the foot
capped with pointless extremes
with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless
's boring
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation
its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches
against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .
how bad an actress she is
, hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
, it does n't work .
the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up
distinctive discourse
an annoying orgy
have no bearing on the story
to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
puportedly `` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face .
their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
with zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies ?
predictable romantic comedy
given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties
vacuous
video-cam footage
padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation
slight but
strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
the looseness of the piece
tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life
take before indigestion sets in
top-heavy
some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
, silly and monotonous
grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces
the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
might be with a large dose of painkillers
without a map
piccoli
to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely
the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
is n't much fun
sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn .
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special .
that may make you hate yourself for giving in
it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way
the lousy lead performances
standard slasher flick
`` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.
is no foundation for it
shrill and soporific
has popped up with more mindless drivel
a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
elephant feces
in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .
an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
not all of the stories work and the ones that do
hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .
i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
doomed by its smallness
does n't reveal even a hint of artifice
derive from this choppy and sloppy affair
dark-as-pitch
an incoherent jumble
's film ' in the worst sense of the expression
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ...
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound
most poorly staged and lit action
of a travesty of a transvestite comedy
... in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
normally could n't care less
deeply unpleasant experience
no apparent reason except
tawdry trash
the worst movie
dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted
as if drop dead gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
gedeck ,
mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
afraid of the bad reviews
in this forgettable effort
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel ,
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 's the scarlet letter .
a wet burlap sack
that the entire exercise has no real point
loathsome movie
an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale
up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick
ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's
appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .
often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy
we started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine
stinks
choppy ending
unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
cheesy screenplay
can smell the grease on the plot
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids
a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely
overly convenient plot twists
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .
that it 's far too sentimental
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
that things fall apart
while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
unbearably lame .
a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit
the problem with movies about angels
lethargic
out of reach
... the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` never again . ''
delivers the same old bad trip
call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .
might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john
its ludicrous and contrived plot
but what is missing from it all is a moral .
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine
this unimaginative comedian
septic
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever
lets things peter out midway
accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel
never inspires more than an interested detachment .
sulky teen drama
, getting there is not even half the interest .
hack
brisk hack
negatives
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and
88-minute highlight reel
but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
familiar -- and not in a good way
its characterization of hitler and
it the adventures of direct-to-video nash
is n't quite
derived from a lobotomy ,
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but
cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy
at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
comes off as a pale successor
reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities
left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
goes awry
bibbidy-bobbidi-bland
bogs down in insignificance ,
its committed dumbness
ca n't even do that much .
cobbled together out of older movies
you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
unimpressively fussy
might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
, badly cobbled look
the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
loose , unaccountable direction
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad .
the better of obnoxious adults
, their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why
might not have noticed
would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways
cheesy backdrops ,
it 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
the wrong times
nasty
and immature provocations
is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness
stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone
bogs down in genre cliches
's hard to say who might enjoy this
murphy and owen wilson
is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .
it goes nowhere
under our skin
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
muddy
predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game
that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness
is a vulgar
chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece
it 's a brazenly misguided project
anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .
that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie .
a big corner office in hell
get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments
too slow for a younger crowd
a long , unfunny one at that
who comes to america speaking not a word of english
an uneasy marriage
based on stock clichés
really has no place to go since simone is not real
may scream low budget
is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families ,
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition
ill-advised
insane liberties
dreadfully earnest inversion
created a monster
freeman ca n't save it
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
three hours and with very little story or character
wet burlap sack
disguised as a feature film
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .
is more like something from a bad clive barker movie
ahola )
as a castrated
we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document --
wewannour money back
do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director
it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
the stunt-hungry dimwits
about how lame
war 's
to the script 's refusal of a happy ending
even that 's too committed .
the chaos of an urban conflagration
an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
lower i.q.
the film 's plot may be shallow , but
with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes
been too many of these films
be a most hard-hearted person
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .
into a mundane '70s disaster flick
corruption
as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes
disturbingly
is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone
never rises to a higher level
clumsy dialogue ,
there 's no conversion effort
been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf
throws you for a loop
obvious copy
would be easy for critics to shred it
plotless , shapeless
could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
it 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows .
take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters
prejudices
unfocused , excruciatingly tedious
drown yourself in a lake
, brutally clueless
, and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
are as mushy as peas
overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
zero-dimensional
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling
the most depressing movie-going experiences
may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not .
their incessant whining
morbid one
's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
humorless soap opera
the holocaust
excess debris
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
irritating ( at least to this western ear )
're down
torments
, the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
too many pointless situations
despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
fails to fascinate .
it gets very ugly , very fast
banal as the telling
a tired one
bad clive barker movie
the hurried , badly cobbled look
of soft-core twaddle
that you feel like running out screaming
lunacy
will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and
so devoid of artifice and purpose
of puerile
devastated
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and ,
in three words : thumbs friggin ' down
an inferior level
off-putting romantic comedy .
too sappy for its own good .
found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
a mexican soap opera
are odd and pixilated and
so i do n't know what she 's doing in here
looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through
not the great american comedy
not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny
and rough-hewn vanity project
normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad
the point of ridiculousness
pessimism
situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets
unsatisfying muddle
and it 's a lousy one at that .
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
his slop
of devito 's misanthropic vision
has nothing
sloppiness
our reality tv obsession , and even
recycled plot
no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting
it 's better suited for the history or biography channel ,
close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
has little insight into the historical period and its artists ,
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. ,
too manipulative
that the e-graveyard
the sum of its pretensions
virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it
fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
perverse
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ;
set out to lampoon , anyway .
emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable
hypermasculine
childish things
used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd
film school brat
guilt-suffused melodrama
self-hatred and
from which no interesting concept can escape
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky
sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches
do n't make movies like they used to anymore
a battle between bug-eye theater and dead-eye
constrictive
watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
the unacceptable ,
does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
re-voiced version
is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .
this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
remains mostly undeterminable
bizarre
should serve detention
is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
can only be described as sci-fi generic .
burns out
thoughtless ,
a thriller without a lot of thrills .
middle east
the week blown up for the big screen
of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .
any way of gripping what its point is , or
slap her
seeking to pull a cohesive story out
ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up
offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
a florid turn
but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .
little visible talent and
so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess
mysterious and brutal nature
it may not be particularly innovative ,
too ludicrous and
against governmental odds
odd and weird .
was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash
disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .
at a bad rock concert
the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .
of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and
it 's simply unbearable
sterile
phlegmatic bore
, bad movie
is a lot more bluster than bite
as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow
it falls far short of poetry ,
it falls short
; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend
found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
too silly to take seriously .
i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league .
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions
the sally jesse raphael atmosphere
sunk
joyless ,
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose
cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel
, it runs for 170
try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
with cardboard characters and performers
rude
annoying and artificial
of ghandi gone bad
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
written , flatly , by david kendall
is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
in a poorly
seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
incongruous
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
that kate is n't very bright , but
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
the limitations of his skill
( davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .
be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
chill
yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere
directed , barely , by there
is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
all portent and no content
aimlessness
that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
done way too often
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .
seem barely in the same movie
the fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .
a fragment of an underdone potato
falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
the longest 90 minutes
disguising this
pale successor
what the movie lacks in action
, the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest ,
to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
dramaturgy
odd and
like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
flaws igby
too long and
composed or edited
to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
worse
struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .
to question why somebody might devote time to see it
's a real shame
an ungainly movie ,
an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
unexpected blast
you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation
take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
weird
does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything .
hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
is a desperate miscalculation
has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .
's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
keep it from being a total rehash
hitting your head on the theater seat
hypocritical work
lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor
laden with plenty of baggage
with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king .
uninspired
just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism
have an original bone in his body
is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces
slippery slope
sickly
by his lack of self-awareness
, it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia --
audacious-impossible
in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had
it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ...
unembarrassing but unmemorable
are becoming irritating
expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash
languishing
leblanc thought , `` hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
rush
is amiss in the world .
but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .
britney 's cutoffs
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
the cliché-riddled genre
features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
seem goofy rather than provocative
the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure
something i would rather live in denial about
it ca n't really be called animation
the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
own fear and paranoia
elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world .
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama
-- if predictable --
, it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and
spirals downward
you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard .
they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .
the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams
for an unfocused screenplay
chaotic
me no lika da accents so good ,
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
smeary and blurry
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .
ca n't stand
tiresomely simpleminded
ultimately tragic
are attached to the concept of loss
every conceivable mistake
not good
secondary
assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
blab and
one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
is it a comedy ?
cry for your money back
airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .
is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy --
with too little
an unholy mess
improvised on a day-to-day basis during production
laughable dialogue
befuddled
strangely hollow at its emotional core
stupidity
to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
hallmark card sentimentality and
it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies .
substitutable
get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
tacky nonsense
pass up
to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play
on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis
generic villains
shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
a terrible movie , just
the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
than julie taymor 's preposterous titus
auschwitz
bang your head
tiresomely
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .
so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film
a really bad imitation
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists
` cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
sequel-for-the-sake
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
call me a cynic ,
the film 's hero is a bore
no-surprise series
the suckers
a lower i.q. than when i had entered
ranges from bad
a beyond-lame satire ,
than either of those films
boorish
a hard time
before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar
to camouflage how bad his movie is
offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility
it 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
some problems
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari 's film falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey .
the script ?
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .
was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
it 's not a great monster movie .
, sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
a bunch of strung-together tv episodes
ugly
through dahmer 's two hours
insomnia
's never as solid
bad name
( less a movie than )
throwing up his hands in surrender
that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit
... a confusing drudgery .
is supremely unfunny and unentertaining
takes big bloody chomps
's already been too many of these films ...
derivative horror film
one resurrection too many .
of weird performances and direction
do n't care to understand
is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety .
clotted
seems more tacky and reprehensible ,
a black hole of dullness
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and
yourself praying for a quick resolution
of lo mein and general tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
the biggest problem
gags to break the tedium
's a terrible movie in every regard
a cheap , ludicrous attempt
should have been made for the tube
abuse
not-so-bright mother and daughter
circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department
, should scare any sane person away .
trashy teen-sleaze equivalent
that try too hard to be mythic
worst of all --
the exploitative
is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers
so many red herrings
kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
incredibly inane
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and
sappy as big daddy
sordid and disgusting
his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic
to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
but unfortunately also
cliché-laden screenplay
a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings
's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through
break
the dispassionate gantz brothers
too campy to work as straight drama
going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
is n't much fun .
floundering
prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
boring
this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better .
as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting
, not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
a been-there
shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes
is somehow making its way instead to theaters
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins
all of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .
me want to pack raw dough in my ears
this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
by uneven dialogue and plot lapses
the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .
earnest as a community-college advertisement
flaccid satire and what
's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace
easy to be bored by as your abc 's
under-rehearsed and
utterly ridiculous
odd and pixilated
because there 's no rooting interest
painfully slow
's not only dull because we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
simply stupid ,
hurts to watch
damned
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story .
spooks
, rent the disney version .
` linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '
stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense ,
think they
uptight
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard .
could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
it ends up being surprisingly dull
be better to wait for the video
something more user-friendly
the vagueness of topical excess
degraded things
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
with an inauspicious
continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
toilet humor ,
the long-faced sad sack
undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject
lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary
she fails to provoke them .
this equally derisive clunker
by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships
's kinda dumb
come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes
weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
cranky adults
serviceability , but
of an already obscure demographic
hit that may strain adult credibility .
the acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .
keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream
's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
left a few crucial things out
egocentricities
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .
a cheap cliché
combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction
devoted to the insanity of black
not-very-funny comedy
is grossly contradictory
unimaginatively foul-mouthed
becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
an 88-minute rip-off
the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves
wishy-washy melodramatic movie
completely forgettable
uncompromising , difficult and
a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition
the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
more likely to induce sleep than fright
cheap-looking version
it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
that criticizing feels more like commiserating
turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
too difficult
of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that
is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
pummel us with phony imagery or music
that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice
off
losing his touch
should never , ever ,
, uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
entertains not
the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .
tepid and tedious
could easily wait for your pay per view dollar
it 's pauly shore awful .
well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .
the relentless gaiety
the film its flaws
the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
the gutless direction
cloying messages
's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending ,
hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
a flat script and a low budget
painfully
hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride
of parental failings
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity
the story plays out slowly ,
is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction
into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master
city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow .
, easily substitutable
is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
is downright doltish and uneventful
deadpan tone
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .
unfortunately , carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg .
's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
frustrating ` tweener '
slap
it labors as storytelling .
a hoot in a bad-movie way
overlong and
it might not be 1970s animation ,
actually hurts to watch .
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama
gets tiresome
are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
nazi politics and aesthetics
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .
lighting that emphasizes every line and sag
confusing on one level or another
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .
fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere
you wish had been developed with more care
down on their working-class subjects
stale gags
cold , pretentious ,
to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism
much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .
the screen in frustration
is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating .
only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny
stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
drag on
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake .
the holes in this film remain agape --
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
too much kid-vid
unemployment
more than she can handle
be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption
cautions
with imbecilic mafia
will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor
has virtually nothing to show
makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts
hits a nerve
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense
than most third-rate horror sequels
does n't work .
silly rather than
seen some bad singer-turned actors
a fragile framework
plotting and mindless action
a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song
is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
you 're an agnostic carnivore
made me want to scream
for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
neither original
about the worst thing
out-bad-act the other
fairly weak retooling
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
is n't that funny
it 's a loathsome movie ,
lowly studio hack
the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time
pallid
authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study
lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .
slaloming through its hackneyed elements
read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
, you 'd better have a good alternative
of inept filmmaking
is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .
exploitative for the art houses and
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat .
the most poorly staged and lit action
high-strung
frustrating misfire
, unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .
the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez
exploitation
upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work
ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
designed to fill time ,
the disappointingly generic nature
self-centered
its recycled aspects , implausibility ,
's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool
every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage
particularly joyless
wooden performances
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...
( siegel ) and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie .
the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode
seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation
, avarice and damaged dreams
an abyss
we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show
this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .
of scorn
the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
odd movies
can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down .
reach a truly annoying pitch
dumb down
generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
graphic violence
we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire
is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
the slippery slope of dishonesty
it might have been
so uninspiring
onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
time bombs and
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either
to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
a pale successor
is as difficult for the audience to take as it
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .
cliche
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through
devoid of joy and energy
a rehash of every gangster movie
is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
sealed in a jar
to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness
as a numbingly dull experience
left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
milquetoast
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and
prove more distressing
stuffy , full of itself
like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood .
could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in
spreads itself too thin
redundancy
is n't much better .
and flat-out farce
to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
yet another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title .
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
's contrived and predictable
the sexual politics too smug
is slightly less successful than the first
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
leaves no southern stereotype unturned
kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies
consigned to the dustbin of history
perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
, as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject .
an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt
hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
for their acting chops , but for their looks
visual and verbal clichés
gore
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy
nothing too deep or substantial .
invented to describe exactly how bad it is
to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best
near virtuosity in its crapulence
so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it
lost the politics and the social observation
might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc .
screams
villainous
too painfully
crassly
's a dull girl , that 's all
barlow
that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon
takes no apparent joy in making movies
grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
usual whoopee-cushion effort
a collage of clichés and a dim
nauseating
reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake !
is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender
suffered
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix .
by characters so unsympathetic
cold ,
winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
, but with restraint
girls , right down the reality drain
( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog )
a confusing melange of tones and styles ,
what annoyed me most about god is great
a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious
towards child abuse
milked
pale xerox of other , better crime movies .
getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and
movie audiences both innocent and jaded
as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
brittle desperation
the entire point of a shaggy dog story
to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain
does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here
worked five years ago
if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks
a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit
have no affinity for most of the characters .
, unfunny one
the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
of death
what an embarrassment .
to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake !
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but
, even the funniest idea is n't funny .
is muted
unfortunately
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to --
dull-witted
potentially trite and overused
predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but
recycled
exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
, his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
a rather unbelievable love interest
longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach
a film school undergrad
worked so much better dealing in only one reality
left the theater
fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines
disoriented
tawdry
throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .
is beyond me .
your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects
a bad way
dreary and sluggish
re-creation
in other words , it 's just another sports drama/character study .
wastes the talents of its attractive young leads
like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
it 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
, this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
a hunky has-been
complete denial about his obsessive behavior
... built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
going through the motions
feels familiar and tired .
ai n't art , by a long shot
fingering problems than finding solutions
can not even be dubbed hedonistic
a scummy ripoff
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special ,
leaving the theater
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
has a laundry list of minor shortcomings
puzzle whose pieces do not fit .
he seems embarrassed to be part of
surrealist
not one clever line of dialogue
drug abuse
exploitative garbage
does n't give you enough to feel good about
the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
the clumsy cliché
to feel like you were n't invited to the party
limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action
diane lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
too often strains
dogs who are smarter than him
although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
somewhat problematic
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .
kiddie-oriented stinker
a convolution of language that suggests it
fang-baring lullaby
omits
interplay and utter lack
shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative
only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
, the humor dwindles .
such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
falls flat as a spoof
fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .
to hell
they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
a mediocre exercise
were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes
of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating
a sickening thud
it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
irksome , tiresome nature
wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits
pretends to be passionate and truthful
is too optimistic a title .
create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it
at least terribly monotonous
contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
lackluster script
might to resist
could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors
which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
alienating most
cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama
neither is well told
is superficial and
this woefully hackneyed movie ,
through the audience 's meat grinder one more
compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy
of the war
in the conception than it does in the execution
has nothing
such a bad movie
or maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
corny examination
too hard to be mythic
a self-indulgent script
afghan tragedies
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ...
to the dullest irish pub scenes
goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises
pseudo-philosophic twaddle
hard-to-swallow premise
hallmark commercial
despair
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick
this wo n't seem like such a bore
threadbare standbys
eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
despite its floating narrative
's no good answer to that one .
its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary .
loses all bite on the big screen .
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout --
it would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .
marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
seems hopelessly juvenile
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany
attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
` butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film
frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably
turn and devolves
super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
, parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
dirty
dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
its story is only surface deep
is listless , witless , and devoid of anything
now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it
worst movie
it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies
ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive
disposable , kitchen-sink homage
expiration date
a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
bind us
one strike
it 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .
something of a stiff
what 's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behavior .
uses a totally unnecessary prologue ,
also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .
's very little
alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse
of very bad scouse accents
this tired retread
not quite
have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since sept. 11 ) .
last-minute
so aggressively anti-erotic
have a hard time sitting through this one
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
deception
has severe body odor
artsy and often pointless
huge sacrifice
no level whatsoever for me
is this bad on purpose
its shortness disappoints
until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters
( the characters ' ) misery
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
rejects
infidelity and
not a trace of humanity or empathy
a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
predictable plot
the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent
it is n't that funny
squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story
tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film
a baffling subplot
on its empty head
recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders
's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid
numbingly dull experience
never comes together as a coherent whole .
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one
cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .
the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .
unturned
ourside the theater roger might be intolerable company ,
deeply biased , and wholly
failing , ultimately ,
this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
without having much dramatic impact
into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch
already tired
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames
the scruffy sands of its titular community
as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy
see this turd squashed
( a ) soulless , stupid sequel
what goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room ''
sillier , not scarier
is one only a true believer could relish .
crappy movies
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
of clichés and a dim
gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements
does n't have big screen magic
... pitiful , slapdash disaster .
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
unbearable
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying
distracting
from the guy-in-a-dress genre
the consequences of its own actions and revelations
this trite , predictable rehash
uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
into by-the-numbers territory
never quite
, i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity
's too long and unfocused
exceedingly dull
the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .
debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome
sneak out of the theater
unsalvageability
hollywood excess
would have saved this film a world of hurt .
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups
( moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame
low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off
sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
a movie without an apparent audience
collision
change hackneyed concepts
credulous , unassuming , subordinate
dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting
frittered
could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
reaches
imperfect
a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire .
` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
every-joke-has - been-told-a
induce sleep than fright
the film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking .
by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos
shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
blandly go where we went 8 movies ago
painfully slow cliche-ridden film
the writing is indifferent ,
ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
it all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
misanthropic stuff
one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
, populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .
first-time director joão pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations
in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
unholy hokum
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .
'll find in this dreary mess .
terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
underdeveloped effort
all hollywood fantasies
castro
that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .
a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
i 'm not
's insanely violent and very graphic
to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script
it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry
meandering ending
schlocky
overcooked
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence
skewed to ever get a hold on
as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations
's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break
an uninspired philosophical epiphany
listless and desultory affair
want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
, albeit half-baked ,
rusted-out ruin
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have )
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
those crass , contrived sequels
no reason for being
nonsense
that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion
thoroughly dull
any of the signposts , as if
gone badly awry
it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
hack nick davies
name-calling
nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight
showcases
cause parents a few sleepless hours --
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long
an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
, repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general
to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
black-and-white
spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot
a grating
plain bad
hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
sits there like a side dish no one ordered
really awful
with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
little-remembered
blame eddie murphy
out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .
the schmaltz is manufactured
used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again
is even remotely new or interesting
barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
dud
is a mediocre movie trying to get out
of the man
its dying ,
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy
`` sorority boys '' was funnier
jordan jealous
with a hard-to-swallow premise
waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense
three hours and with very little story or character development
-- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances --
's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby
clunker
horrid little propaganda film
i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
as two-day old porridge
-- and gross --
seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
it 's in danger of going wrong
manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one
dumbed-down tactics
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless ,
has never looked uglier
is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .
( a ) slummer .
sounds whiny and defensive ,
of how very bad a motion picture can truly be
as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly
nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy
if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
is a rather toothless take on a hard young life
that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject
described as sci-fi generic
confusion is one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .
escaped the rut dug by the last one
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely ,
this sucker
open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning
will wear thin on all
pryor wannabe
holland lets things peter out midway ,
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation
wrong with that
more trifle than triumph
demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment
got aids
, it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored
'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police
just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem
off-kilter dialogue
the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )
drag the movie down
as vincent became more and more abhorrent
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie
difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are
suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
the labyrinthine ways
pass this stinker off
by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
green ruins every single scene he 's in
, he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` do not go gentle into that good theatre . '
may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life
be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back
burn the negative and the script and
to be a one-trick pony
but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
and crude humor
as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
( l ) ame and unnecessary .
little more than a well-mounted history lesson
spent watching this waste of time
loosely connected
ultimate demise
been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie
visually unappealing
hideousness
formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast
this story to go but down
'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and
jaded
the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period
into the trap of pretention
questions cinema 's capability for recording truth
ill-conceived action pieces
's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script
in the excesses of writer-director roger avary
is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .
no justice
columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
played-out idea
silliness
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
silences
most repellent things
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .
delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing
a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
loads of cgi and bushels of violence
listless direction
nothing good
lethargically
the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs. the snowman leaves a lot to be desired .
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ''
with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
how inept is serving sara ?
just plain bad
's no art here
and -- sadly -- dull
hate
their feces
nonsense machine
overused cocktail
the movie is a disaster .
another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
twisted sense
spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
the film has ( its ) moments , but they are few and far between .
just is n't a very involving one
as plain and pedestrian as catsup --
being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing
attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
cross-dressing
succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack
( sam 's ) self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
to term an `` ambitious failure
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches ,
the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull
loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
plotless ,
, indescribably bad
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .
growing , moldering pile
tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic
grating
too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time
of those so-so films that could have been much better
only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
a case of masochism and an hour and a half
drags , underscoring the obvious
witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and
if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
generic
to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd
that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
makes no sense
demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .
the thinness of its characterizations
can seem tiresomely simpleminded
bad hair design
to convince us that acting transfigures esther
the poor quality
an insultingly unbelievable final act
hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay
does a disservice
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through
of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
is a truly , truly bad movie
even its target audience talked all the way through it
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .
has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
are neither original nor are presented in convincing way
dehumanizing and ego-destroying process
no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
questionable satirical ambivalence
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon )
a heavy-handed indictment
does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it
exist only for its climactic setpiece
one not-so-small problem
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose .
cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style
the dullest irish pub scenes
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
may not be an important movie , or even a good one
mediocre fable from burkina faso .
that comes through all too painfully in the execution
, it would still be beyond comprehension
undernourished
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
cornball sequel
is the most visually unappealing .
too-long , spoofy update
do bad things
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature
transparently hypocritical work
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
struggles
's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
robbed
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
and mind-numbing indifference
of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart
shaky , uncertain film
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and
should not
like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens
its own ironic implications
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - -- decasia
inevitably consigned
the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
for a quick-buck sequel
tell you how tedious
it 's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .
a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
graceless and
an open wound
johnnie to and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
a truly annoying pitch
the hype
believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight
need , neurosis and nervy
self-promotion
rampant adultery
of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen
imperfect , love-hate relationship
the annoyance
that it ends up being surprisingly dull
you have the patience for it
it were any more of a turkey
a shaky , uncertain film
's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
a bad taste in your mouth and questions
lookin ' for sin , american-style ?
without your pulse ever racing
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers --
i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit
a moving picture that does not move .
a frustrating patchwork :
very depressing movie
painfully unfunny farce
is n't very bright
the only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .
a disaster of a drama
the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time
does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
sour
like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks
all the bad things in the world /
this is the most visually unappealing .
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one
look like cheap hysterics
's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling
that malarkey
to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable
that special annex of hell
incredibly hokey
fluffy and disposible
i 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
, soap opera-ish dialogue
close to losing my lunch
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
appalling as any ` comedy '
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as
's icky .
made me feel unclean
like saturday morning tv in the '60s
is a step down
does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations
antic spirits
more trifle than triumph .
a mediocre tribute to films like them
unmemorable filler
what little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves
which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way
ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .
but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote
where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say
is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
vulgar dialogue
a dirty old man
it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
no special effects , and
of emotional desperation
threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
several cliched movie structures : the road movie ,
incinerates frank capra 's classic
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen ,
dull , brain-deadening hangover
little sticky and unsatisfied
also a -- dare i say it twice --
eccentrics
's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
leaves scant place for the viewer
even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
much worse than bland
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
a ragbag of cliches .
of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .
rubbish
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard
a flat , unconvincing drama
dread
may seem disappointing in its generalities
more offended by his lack of faith in his audience
make like the title and dodge this one
a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age
the whiney characters bugged me
a hard time sitting through this one
perversity
does n't have much to say beyond the news
rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world .
frighten and
ruin
do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters
two bodies and hardly a laugh between them
deflated
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't
it 's not scary in the slightest
the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one
feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
, simple-minded and stereotypical
offend everyone
in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot
virtually joyless
feels contrived
silly-looking
altogether darker side
unrelated
shockingly bad and
is painfully formulaic and stilted .
cartoonish performance
takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
p )
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
attempts to be grandiloquent , but
want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
like horrible poetry
that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
gives poor dana carvey nothing
just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style
is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .
make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age
not enough of interest onscreen
a weird , arresting little ride
be with a large dose of painkillers
they threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun
strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .
adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
relying on animation or dumb humor
it 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
edit
should be able to find better entertainment
resorting to camp or parody
in this crass , low-wattage endeavor
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory
chilly , clinical lab report
makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects
the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned
whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
poo
tepid and
of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it would be all that interesting .
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks
thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd
with flailing bodily movements
feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
) comes off like a hallmark commercial
devastating testimony
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
it is repetitious
like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
'd rather watch them on the animal planet
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?
, one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
an overstylized , puréed mélange
showtime deserves the hook .
cranked out on an assembly line
sights
there 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
ignore but a little too smugly superior to like
care less
it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory
hated
superficiality
skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears
bad ideas and awkwardness
an inarticulate screenplay
thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
too clumsy
going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .
humbuggery
sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill
are so generic
pretends to expose the life of male hustlers
dramatize life 's messiness
distractions
over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage
guilty about it
'll probably run out screaming .
might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned
is all but useless
a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic
precarious
grey zone
which gives you an idea just how bad it was
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 .
martin lawrence live ' is so self-pitying
too predictable and far too cliched
is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable
, like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed
misguided project
a transparently hypocritical work
share no chemistry or engaging charisma
tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ...
well-worn situations
begging for attention ,
's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency
elaborate and twisted characters
, difficult and sad
like a film so cold and dead
block
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7
by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's ,
watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination
a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way
taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film
their lack
think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but
it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .
suffered and bled
a kind of ghandi gone bad
set the cause of woman warriors back decades
misguided acts of affection
would quickly change the channel
how this one escaped the lifetime network i 'll never know .
retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
most damning censure
old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .
the movie is amateurish
fortify this turgid fable
, the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
most hollywood romantic comedies
has settled for a lugubrious romance
an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue
mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
a life like this can sound so dull
to just die already
, this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking .
too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script .
just another voyeuristic spectacle
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters
an awful lot like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
blacked out in the lobby
downright movie penance
like you were n't invited to the party
their computer-animated faces
it 's an effort to watch this movie
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
gender politics
, paralyzed
i 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
predictable and cloying
to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it
is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch
like one long
cheated
irritating films
stopped challenging himself
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but
that 's not saying much
sleazy
the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
tired retread
never takes hold .
is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood
ill-wrought hypothesis
ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
was beginning to hate it
ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like ,
disoriented but occasionally
voice is rather unexceptional
director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
nearly every cliché
manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy
pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish
speaks more of the season than the picture
a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .
chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists
loud , low-budget and tired formula film
is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
of time , money and celluloid
because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
be depressing ,
is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points
some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw
the downward spiral
a heavy stench of ` been there , done
midlife crisis
extremely languorous rhythms
as a bitter pill
even if you 're an elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd .
episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight
seems to take an unseemly pleasure in ( the characters ' ) misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
for lameness
... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .
comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is
something of a stiff --
a disaster of a story
disappoint the action
's really wrong with this ricture
the same blueprint
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism
too is a bomb .
superficially written
compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people
much of a plunge
you 've seen it all before
seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception
the slapstick is labored ,
frequently misses the mark
... another example of how sandler is losing his touch .
showdown
alfred hitchcock 's thrillers ,
goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
has little clue
meandering , low on energy , and
like being trapped at a bad rock concert
forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting
essentially ruined --
i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't
be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families
in the dullest kiddie flicks
at best , i 'm afraid .
's , it 's simply unbearable
are a little too big for her mouth
intended for the home video market
it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .
the self-image of drooling idiots
toilet-humor codswallop
combined with the misconceived final 5
the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate
a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
loud , ugly , irritating
resorting to camp
so bland and
care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
, it 's a pale imitation .
will most likely doze off during this one .
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work
stop-and-start pacing
sucked .
logic and misuse
you have to check your brain at the door
ruined his career
the pool drowned me in boredom .
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy ,
rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness
as saccharine movies go
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was
he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me
contriving
for a silly hack-and-slash flick
's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
as telling a country skunk
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding
the story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit
burning
like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening
so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through
the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans
is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining
poor remake
its weaknesses
with this silly little puddle of a movie
's uninteresting .
crummy
destroy is also a creative urge
has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work ,
lucky break is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump .
, eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but
already littered with celluloid garbage
scrutiny
on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed .
the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead
did n't smile .
the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
at a tough-man contest
be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely
infantile cross-dressing routines
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
'll only put you to sleep .
cold light
as those monologues stretch on and on
is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
and sickening product placement
yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .
a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
listless and desultory
poor casting
's horribly depressing and not very well done .
the master of disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
farts , urine
're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
left us cold
lifeless execution .
predictably
bland , surfacey
what 's infuriating about full frontal
that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
to cram earplugs
you wanting to abandon the theater
blob
its awkward structure
excuse to eat popcorn
the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt
are actually releasing it into theaters
castrated
it has its faults , but
media-soaked
a hands-off approach
lost on the target audience
hopelessly out
suck up
's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue
- hour , dissipated length .
of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans
falls short
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still
too placid
shows crushingly little curiosity about ,
if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens .
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents
some of the more overtly silly dialogue
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ;
the perfect cure for insomnia
reason to miss interview with the assassin
is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale
's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this
's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels
made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
a disappointingly thin slice
is not
the most disappointing woody allen movie
garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '
the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea
in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .
to trivialize the material
resist
, the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
claustrophic , suffocating and chilly
that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama
looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .
tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie
skeeved
is doa .
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow
all things insipid
the acting ranges from bad to bodacious
one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral .
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
uncompelling the movie
dismay
, that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee
ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album
how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were
fuzziness
plain lurid
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .
her tragedies
waking coma
no satisfaction
is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
like acid
shallow and glib
this movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .
a different and emotionally reserved type
as stiff , ponderous and charmless
's pretty stupid .
of the worst dialogue
no amount of imagination ,
go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
its chosen topic
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious
too few laughs
thoughtless , random , superficial humor and
freshman fluke
dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
more repetition than creativity
designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .
its low groan-to-guffaw ratio
difficult , endless
, super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .
at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois
will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
a loose , poorly structured film
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
to this film that may not always work
might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog
only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind
rank frustration from those
the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
failed jokes , twitchy acting
one hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market
lacks in outright newness
interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through
does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
more tacky and reprehensible
but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters
hollywood war-movie stuff
wafer-thin movie
seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire
true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons
patchy combination of soap opera ,
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and
be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film
, poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull
works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation
so insanely stupid , so awful
coma
i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care
, you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
secondhand ,
one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point .
have been lost in the translation
, dramatized pbs program
abject suffering
a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop
's not that funny --
the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive
skip the film and
put up with 146 minutes of it
sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
a film , and such a stultifying ,
bad film
a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project
mushy as peas
undercut by the voice of the star of road trip
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .
survive a screening with little harm done
may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen
sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
ploddingly sociological commentary
just does n't make sense
myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks
a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish
unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness
careless
nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding
paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
lightweight
an uncomfortable movie
crimes
have given it a one-star rating
mr. deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
a film so cold and dead
the following things are not at all entertaining
to create images you wish you had n't seen
burnt-out
rush through
it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt
hoary dialogue ,
be disappointed
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable
so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun
did n't know what kind of movie they were making
the performances are so overstated
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels
without ( de niro ) , city by the sea would slip under the waves .
a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and
that might be best forgotten
leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
sick and
its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
( ferrera )
are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ?
wears thin
so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
reasonably creative eighth-grader
the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance
, it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd
that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
unlikable , uninteresting ,
the plot is paper-thin
creepiness
is just sooooo tired .
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
`` analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
phoned-in business
the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick .
exactly how bad
in crisis
overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama
meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen
her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight ,
the story is predictable
more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special
horrid
shallow and immature character
comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
, has stopped challenging himself
's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés
abandon
been there done that .
designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
makes two hours feel like four
, the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place
that 's a liability .
which is often preachy and poorly acted
when your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?
melancholic
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award
how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
with tension
low-tech magic realism and , at times ,
most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it
of emotional blandness
shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives
so graceless and devoid
do n't bother
liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed
it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer
bad premise
is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie
dehumanizing and
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
it 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
a fall
tired of going where no man has gone before
strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin
smirk
the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa
of mediocre acting
leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .
amoral assassin
is rote spookiness
the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance
have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair
to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine
suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .
did we really need a remake of `` charade
unassuming
having two guys yelling in your face for two hours
soft-porn
stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ?
becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
can render it anything but laughable
barely shocking , barely interesting
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .
keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera
it turns out to be affected and boring
ayurveda does the field no favors
painfully awful
less than
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical
con
is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
's not funny
under the weight of too many story lines
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety
considerably less ambitious
clunky
made no such thing
against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family
thanks to an astonishingly witless script
the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .
most moronic screenplays
it 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type
loses all bite on the big screen
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad ,
melodrama and
questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .
no real point
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound
by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick
exploit the familiar
, it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .
the movie 's seams may show
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring .
with a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard .
cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '
, around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
is equally hackneyed
featuring reams of flatly
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito 's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
misogyny and unprovoked violence
wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening
the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work
feels cheated
follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely
it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
spotty script
one of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement
scripted
most devastating flaw
drop
comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard . '
is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
its worst
` direct-to-video ' release
if it were n't silly
woe
a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance
more depressing than entertaining
it slow , predictable and not very amusing
it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés
were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
misses its emotions
about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
too simple
for instance , good things happen to bad people
be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors ,
offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable .
below is well below expectations .
familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc .
disjointed
may have to keep on looking .
positively dreadful
of clichés , depression and bad alternative music
of minor shortcomings
tumbleweeds
complete wash
that 's neither completely enlightening ,
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .
spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary
value cash above credibility .
puzzling
can out-bad-act the other
sour little movie
the four feathers comes up short
with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise
understatement
is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
a timid , soggy near miss
... post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
as a pale successor
desperate miscalculation
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
the abyss
two hours feel like four
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
seems contrived and secondhand
could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was
's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
proficient , dull
serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable
is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album
its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters
if religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .
's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex
by the sketchiest of captions
a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
, flashy , overlong soap opera .
' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot
several cliched movie structures
where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
frustrating patchwork
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?
made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
directed without the expected flair or imagination
cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
fatal script error
scummy ripoff
`` snl '' has-been
much baked cardboard
which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking
in treading the line between sappy and sanguine
for a thirteen-year-old 's book report
admittedly manipulative
one hollywood cliche
be punishable by chainsaw
sometimes inexpressive
a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together ,
ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something
feel like running out screaming
because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience
is as generic as its title .
freewheeling trash-cinema roots
is so bleak
goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives
pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics
a bad , bad , bad movie
the messiness
anguish
the film did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side .
the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
a struggling nobody
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired
dialogue and murky cinematography
merely pretentious
the bad sound
does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long :
keep parents away
may not be particularly innovative
never comes close to being either funny or scary
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time
dumbness
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .
the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point
few points
avoids the obvious
losers
is in trouble
own most damning censure
discursive
that never really busts out of its comfy little cell
little attempt
you do n't try to look too deep into the story
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee
for violence
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
if you only had a week to live
instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
watchable up until the point
neither dramatic nor comic
two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''
monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids
is n't as easy to come by as it used to be
, film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .
that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
no cute factor here ... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
come up with a better script
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
is derivative
looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments
is also as unoriginal
a two star script
miss it altogether
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time ,
its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and
's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
the highly predictable narrative
been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera
bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness
find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .
feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful
obscure the message
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions .
discloses almost nothing .
feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .
a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery
one-dimensional characters
drama ,
the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
these brats will ever be anything more than losers
above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters
this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
to pack raw dough in my ears
a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap
flashy , overlong soap opera .
does n't manage to hit all of its marks
two whole hours
like a cold old man going through the motions
complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop
drown a viewer in boredom
try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting ,
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling
loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money .
creepy
nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema
serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
its own pretentious self-examination
no new insight
suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
`` the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker .
to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material .
whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people
's a terrible movie in every regard , and
has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .
little vidgame pit
largely unfunny
is unashamedly pro-serbian
3-d
soulless hunk
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
can only provide it with so much leniency .
most unpleasant
terrible adaptation
a sentimental mess that never rings true .
, you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
a markedly inactive film ,
while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .
's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
instead go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance
the absurdity
essentially ruined -- or
that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .
while the movie is slightly less successful than the first
is so insanely dysfunctional
's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
the picture itself is somewhat problematic
killed my father
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism ,
is in need of a scented bath .
thoroughly awful
sitcom material
relatively dry material
try hard
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and
too simple and
madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .
loses sight of its own story
the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking ,
gets added disdain for the fact
treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
less ambitious
strangling the life out
watered down the version of the one before
have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie .
on audience patience
is n't very interesting
be as lonely and needy
so poorly
entirely witless and inane ,
that the material is so second-rate .
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious
in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
uncertain
ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .
fussing over
since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
anything special , save for a few comic turns ,
sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media
to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation
put so much time and energy into this turkey
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
fiascos
sparse
small ...
reality shows for god 's sake
slapdash disaster .
sorry use of aaliyah in her one and
old college try
a bad movie
propaganda film
distressingly rote
formulaic ,
i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .
is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
ache by the end of kung pow
narcissism
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .
its unsettling prognosis
it has its faults ,
where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad
they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count
more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .
where story is almost an afterthought
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .
the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .
more of an ordeal than an amusement
foul up shum 's good intentions
bombs
... what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
is not worth
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints :
the demented mind
sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that
plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties
a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks
notice the flaws
bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction
is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
might not have gotten him into film school in the first place
for what we can get on television for free
's probably not accurate to call it a movie
ingratiating
is shallow , offensive and redundant ,
and sometimes dry
gap
no character ,
the worst kind of mythologizing ,
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
the worst of the entire franchise
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
need of some trims
self-consciously
any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more
that stretches the running time about 10 minutes
do n't think so
wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films
hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
blues
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' -
is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes
aging , suffering and the prospect of death
paint-by-numbers
acted ... but
be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it
out of character and logically
long
the cold
anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all
directionless
walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions --
too erotic nor very thrilling
that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd
annoying , heavy-handed
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
proficient , dull sorvino
staring at a blank screen
it 's undone by a sloppy script
no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth
ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
, confused , and totally disorientated
is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .
had all its vital essence scooped
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and
humdrum
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked ,
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing
described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
does the field no favors
's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue
more confused , less interesting
excitement in manufactured high drama
he 's done
shame americans ,
, auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
while the story goes nowhere
it 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own
's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
been much better
lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships
... that the material is so second-rate .
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is
cheat
's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination
latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling
betrayal , forgiveness and murder
of how sandler is losing his touch
lukewarm and quick to pass
would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire
realize , much to our dismay
crushing disappointment
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .
nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness
be a bit repetitive
depressing ,
no other purpose
, humorless and under-inspired
dullest science fiction
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point
see a better thriller this year
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period
pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie
smack of a film school undergrad
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché .
unsubtle and
obnoxious adults
require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian
feel anything much while watching this movie ,
that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one --
, carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes
's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .
'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
clinch him this year 's razzie
feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake
as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
standoffish to everyone else
is virtually unwatchable
two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
high humidity
a mediocre movie
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers .
everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced
stooping to gooeyness
slap me
( sci-fi ) rehash
how very bad
every bit as imperious
just utter ` uhhh , '
gets harder and harder to understand her choices
characters so unsympathetic
his difficult , endless work
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme
undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs
found it slow , predictable and not very amusing
rigid and evasive
sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
to call this film a lump of coal
a sucker
describe as a castrated
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .
seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .
wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
generates little narrative momentum ,
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .
ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah
is a deeply unpleasant experience .
direct-to-video
jagjit
no real sense of suspense
a bit too eager to please
in search of purpose or even a plot
especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time
's kind of sad
a mess
no real sense
avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks
the film is flat .
untalented
all too predictable and far too cliched
extra-dry
to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week
the most part a useless movie ,
has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking
seriously , rent the disney version .
only unsatisfactorily
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat
dismember
comes off as annoying rather than charming
bad , bad movie
as bored
have a case of masochism and an hour and a half
after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
dull plots
but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .
evans is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other
's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
, intellectually and logistically a mess .
holding equilibrium up
deeply biased ,
amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
fizzability
clue you in that something 's horribly wrong
and choppy recycling
if you do n't understand what on earth is going on
sketchy characters and immature provocations
for evil
she may not be real
never does `` lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan . ''
half-hearted fluke
: it 's not really funny .
who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and
pinheads who talk throughout the show .
directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion
be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera
limp eddie murphy
tartly
the movie is certainly not number 1
any shoddy product
is a mess from start to finish
hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing
one of those ` alternate reality '
desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . ''
's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding
essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered
was so uninspiring
of control on a long patch of black ice
macaroni and cheese
ugly and destructive little ****
does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen
invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series
is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself
with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
eight crazy nights is a total misfire .
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark
'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back
the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament
ca n't really call it a work of art
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't
stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars
's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale .
german jewish refugees
gives us mostly fool 's gold
get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
has a `` what was it all for
frankly , it 's pretty stupid .
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .
ultimately disappoint the action
hell-bent
the self-serious equilibrium
is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
such a dungpile
this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .
before it begins to fade from memory
terrorism
is impossible
up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms
is boring
the standards of knucklehead swill
you 're going to face frightening late fees
're in for a painful ride
issues '
numb experience
empty , purposeless
if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
rushed
befuddled
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes
afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
gets too cloying
it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .
find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking
that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
too deep or substantial .
based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior
ill-advised and poorly
's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground
ideas and awkwardness
a film neither bitter nor sweet
nothing happens , and
badly cobbled
has the disadvantage of also looking cheap
's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
past love story derisions
more than a whiff of exploitation
a rip-off of the matrix
tedious and turgid
is so anemic
he gives none to the audience
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
mindless and
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited
mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
smeary and
by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script .
is supposed to be madcap farce .
with but they 're simply not funny performers
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat
too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer
sequences boring
no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance
we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .
mean-spirited and
start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line
plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises
pushiness and decibel
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director
fails to entertain
debts
the endlessly repetitive scenes
is better than most of the writing in the movie
pulpy
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
of a particularly nightmarish fairytale
for the marquis de sade set
the awful complications
enough said , except : film overboard !
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar
when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
one lousy movie .
little less bling-bling and a lot more romance
a movie instead of an endless trailer
any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
it 's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor
might as well be watching a rerun
's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
the punch lines that miss
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
cynicism every bit
made to look bad
the breezy and amateurish feel
treachery
worry
on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time
are frequently too dark to be decipherable
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
putters
's nothing resembling a spine here
failure
dramatic things happen to people
lumpy as two-day old porridge
whiny
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
is too mainstream
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick
been there , done
will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic
unrewarding collar
forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos
sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
an uneven mix
can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time
woefully
could have been much stronger
is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
duck the very issues it raises
possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
with no obvious escape
get out
ultimate blame
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek
your first instinct is to duck
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily
its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes
strenuous
make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
more tiring than anything .
authentically vague
has no place to go since simone is not real
the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written
baked cardboard
poorly written
overly sillified plot
after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
at its worst
rotting underbelly
so bleak
the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
be low , very low , very very low ,
full of the kind of obnoxious
, hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
the characters are based on stock clichés ,
is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream
many clichés
pallid horror
the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
's already a joke in the united states
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .
into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through
beginning to hate it
overinflated
who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek
it 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
it is interminable
displacement
guarantee that no wise men will be following after it
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .
, you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .
( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al .
over-familiarity
too fancy , not too filling
the cinematography is atrocious
grab your kids and run
for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
the banality and hypocrisy
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
insultingly simplistic
the story 's pathetic and
showtime 's uninspired send-up
a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't
fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes
pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
it did n't
reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters
shocking in its eroticized gore
that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home
after being snared in its own tangled plot
the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
grow impatient
truly awful and
's far too sentimental
weak claims
sleaziness
proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing
, a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .
may lack the pungent bite of its title
everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away
offers absolutely nothing i had n't already seen .
flinging their feces at you
lackadaisical
a profoundly stupid affair
have returned from the beyond to warn you
you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary
they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
, sordid universe
has some unnecessary parts and
showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal
to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii
barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but
just never gets off the ground .
lacking the slightest bit
waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes
overlong documentary about ` the lifestyle .
morbid
bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships
save oleander 's uninspired story
found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
a bit on the skinny side
to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here ,
faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone
characters are both overplayed and exaggerated
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
irresponsible
a disservice
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad
this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
harrison ford low
the plot is both contrived and cliched
old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles
return to never land is much more p.c. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one .
plain crap
when her material is not first-rate
he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited
groggy
the movie does n't generate a lot of energy .
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it
imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
the worst movie of 2002
takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and
generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .
of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness
do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version
resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture
no clue about making a movie
gag two or three times
precious little substance
a noticeable lack of pace
be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation
seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic
i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one
my own minority report is that it stinks .
the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
scare any sane person away
practically every facet of inept filmmaking
sulky
get your money back
, pretentious
never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey .
the dark places of our national psyche
the dry humor
that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song
inoffensive
rigor
insufferably
exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be
of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
... a rather bland affair .
green ruins every single scene he 's in ,
done-to-death
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts --
taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
all the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
poor dana carvey
they need it to sell us on this twisted love story
frantic , virulent and foul-natured
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet
two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
of the most repellent things
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
there 's no real sense of suspense
to mediocrity
together frustrating
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire .
through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse
works on no level whatsoever for me .
the illogic of its characters
when it is n't incomprehensible
action man cliché atop wooden dialogue
into this somewhat tired premise
hollow , self-indulgent
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .
this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
a seven rip-off
of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say
script error
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure
lacking any real emotional impact
have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
itself is small and shriveled
not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget
the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .
story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
nasty aftertaste
torn apart
like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers ,
remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
far too much
made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones
a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots
overall the halloween series has lost its edge
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and
ca n't act
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
on its fairly ludicrous plot
be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors
is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
more fun watching a documentary
cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
wanderers and a bronx tale
stench
is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
that 's just too boring and obvious
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 .
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged
overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective
a silly hack-and-slash flick
some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory
never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and
this time , the hype is quieter , and
the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .
shrieky special effects
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue
the modern rut
are bad
that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads
bitchy
so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope
given up
ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
pretention
a predictable outcome and
, uncertain film
mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty
retread story
dumb , narratively chaotic ,
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .
through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings
yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since sept. 11 )
of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence
... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
most excruciating
boredom to the point of collapse
this stuck pig
a humorless
no one can hear you snore
sucks , but
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery
spiritless , silly and monotonous
a long , unfunny one
with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
far the worst movie of the year
low-budget
powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling .
's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
in ( the characters ' ) misery
( seagal 's ) strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year 's razzie .
sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
are both overplayed and exaggerated
the beaten path , not necessarily for the better
getting there is not even half the interest .
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c. walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
of empathy
leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered
lacks the spirit of the previous two ,
ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat
` synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .
a bloated plot
my only complaint
to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings
tries too hard
is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter )
a lame romantic comedy
the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
the writing is indifferent
when it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama
needlessly poor quality
with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
- as-nasty -
would be better as a diary or documentary
cinematic deception
a hard-to-swallow premise
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times ,
made but uninvolving
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
the acting is n't much better .
it is n't particularly funny
are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
... a bland , pretentious mess .
the jokes are sophomoric ,
creepy turn
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel
false , sitcom-worthy solutions
mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself
is too upbeat
the more common saccharine genre
a stunningly unoriginal premise
long-on-the-shelf
a major waste ...
the only pain
, and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script
rather slow beginning
lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's
distressing
a sub-formulaic slap
ear-splitting
storytelling feels slight .
lingering death
did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features .
passing twinkle
as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles ,
tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
gave me no reason to care
muy loco , but no more ridiculous
inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
more of the same old garbage
slow ,
lacks the spirit of the previous two
that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
for kids or their parents , for that matter
if there 's no art here
who cares ?
is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
your typical junkie opera
there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations
this turd
anemic , pretentious .
's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey
's just merely very bad .
often strains
a lunar mission with no signs of life
of badness
predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
tackles more than she can handle
we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
is essentially an extended soap opera
's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
complexities
by a failure
fumbled
washed away
a nearly 21/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .
depressingly
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence ,
as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
, the more details slip out between his fingers .
exploitative
conceited
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing
bad sitcom
fails
worst
you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
essentially ruined -- or ,
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating
screwball ideas
rife with miscalculations
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
a convolution
feels derivative
loud , low-budget and tired
comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count .
have been called ` under siege 3
boorish movie
irritates and saddens me
of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
drag along
a bitter pill
with few moments of joy rising above the stale material
sex gags and prom dates
profane and exploitative as the most offensive action
a confusing melange
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker .
is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time
playstation cocktail
crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and
sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
dry
that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .
doofus
flat dialogue
what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .
despite iwai 's vaunted empathy
a lobotomy
utter mush ... conceited pap
on tediously about their lives , loves and the art
the uninspired scripts , acting and direction
unrealized
low-rent --
caricature
desperate
is impenetrable and dull
simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
by men of marginal intelligence
brief pretentious period
know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor
incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .
vulgar and forgettably
excruciating film
mind-numbingly awful
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther
collective heart attack
drama
cheesier
the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
the misery of these people
mid-to-low budget
suited neither to kids or adults
wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel
`` white oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material .
will find little new here
one-trick pony
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny
predictably melodramatic .
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .
when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares
, is painterly .
's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale
's already done way too often
is off-putting ,
situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets .
dismiss --
turns out to be affected and boring
fluke
alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
perfunctory conclusion
proved too difficult
it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas ,
've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement
sad to say
plot and paper-thin supporting characters
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing
insultingly unbelievable
a bit of a cheat in the end
seem goofy
do n't even bother to rent this on video .
half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy
troubling
` ace ventura ' rip-off
of obligatory cheap
lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features
remove spider-man the movie
cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy
from disappointing
while failing to find a spark of its own
bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
off as annoying rather than charming
more self-absorbed women than the mother and
fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) .
yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels
is n't much fun without the highs and lows
was n't enough
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
's pretty linear and only makeup-deep
be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already
, a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
disgusting .
derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded
is the superficial way it deals with its story
sadly --
at a failure of our justice system
disaster flick
is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot
very shapable but largely unfulfilling
every aggrieved father cliché
filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car .
wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic
, it 's too long and unfocused .
own placid way
a man in pain
, cliched and clunky
( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material
immaturity
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy
the problems
begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
beyond its limit to sustain a laugh
fairly trite
orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry
ignorant
is a big letdown
recycled more times than i 'd care to count
is about as interesting
nearly terminal case
overlong documentary
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season
's nowhere near as good as the original .
so-five-minutes-ago pop music
unambitious writing
hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape
you laugh once ( maybe twice )
maggots crawling on a dead dog
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix
more bluster
a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours
almost as much as they love themselves
there 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection
than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates
it 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
sentimentality and annoying
your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california
it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
the result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .
amnesiac
treads heavily
dumb humor
journalistically dubious ,
childlike dimness and
's all surface psychodramatics
because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
's not particularly well made
since freddy got fingered
shallow , noisy and pretentious .
the viewer 's patience
anarchist maxim
hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery
is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
an unbalanced mixture
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break
on top of a foundering performance
wasting
it is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
ends so horrendously confusing
so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
simple-minded and
is sordid and disgusting
the incessant use
the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .
nothing about them is attractive .
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
a film less
urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
cranky
( carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .
unfortunately , kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare .
is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris .
enough to sit through crap like this
a little scattered
ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles
the demons of his own fear and paranoia
at the very least
racist portraits
by the sea would slip under the waves .
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout
misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .
becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction
, it 's badder than bad .
cardboard characters and performers
this crude , this fast-paced and this insane
the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
been this disappointed by a movie in a long time
inevitable and
its leaden acting
teen-sleaze equivalent
from being a complete waste of time
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''
but no . .
's low on both suspense and payoff
fumbles away
, overlong soap
seems as deflated as he does
dumb gags
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged
a lot of problems
is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story
, it 's kinda dumb .
half the excitement of balto
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his .
dismiss
rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes
take the warning literally
from
on no level whatsoever for me
looks and feels tired
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film
is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool ,
is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned
to stop watching
softheaded metaphysical claptrap
who paid to see it
less than fresh
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold
offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people
an overly sillified plot and
becomes long and tedious
are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude ,
derailed
the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic
, you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
bloody
are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short .
in tired stereotypes
when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails
ame and unnecessary .
is n't just
messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
the chaotic horror
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep .
record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
by humanity 's greatest shame
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
tanks .
corrupt
romething 's really wrong with this ricture !
you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed
grinds itself
the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
repetitious
with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at
a halfwit plot
all too familiar ...
in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
a mess from start to finish
a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama
hide a weak script
abject
the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
they grow up and you can wait till then
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen
settle for
sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
as a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content
a long patch of black ice
odd and weird
too burdened by the actor
that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
bloated
its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
substandard
the characters are so generic and
eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
the first fatal attraction was vile enough .
to be dismissed
ridiculous action sequences
in a bad-movie way
written by somebody else
loses its overall sense of mystery
real shame
its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say ,
low-brow
obsessive
lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid
would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots
, kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
i do n't know what she 's doing in here
that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
horribly depressing and
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay .
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows
is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
bitter and less mature
it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune
where nothing really happens
has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon
advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
between these two marginal characters
carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
that suffers because of its many excesses
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does
a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot
here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .
formulaic to the 51st power , more like .
old
for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor
suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
the first mistake
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
naughty children 's
the film 's plot may be shallow ,
out-of-kilter
grotesquely
mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance
rubber-face routine
is n't a new idea
bad stage dialogue
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings
duds
foul substances
fairly unsettling scenes
cheapening
gets sillier , not scarier ,
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory
would be a total washout
foreign culture only
stock plot
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie
, tasteless and idiotic
, ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
somewhat less than it might have been
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
control-alt-delete
of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
are served with a hack script
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid
after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series
fails on so many levels
which become strangely impersonal and abstract
disturbance or detached pleasure
druggy and self-indulgent ,
lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
of misogyny and unprovoked violence
, ugly and destructive little ****
is n't
in search of a better movie experience
rude and profane
sanitised and
should dispel it
at least three dull plots
filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots
more predictable than their consequences
's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .
bland to be interesting
certainly was n't feeling any of it
familiar you might as well be watching a rerun
scratch for a lesson in scratching
is pretty much the same all over
the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters
that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .
another gross-out college comedy -- ugh
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** .
superficially written characters ramble
hit on a 15-year old
the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged
's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek
a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
is n't much there here .
smugly
possible argentine american beauty reeks
the results are tired
bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids
by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout
no earthly reason
the artsy and often pointless visuals
had a lot of problems with this movie
the most offensive action
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
fails as a dystopian movie ,
has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome
like a non-stop cry for attention
uses very little dialogue
the plot makes no sense
there 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
the pathology it pretends to investigate
like the excruciating end of days
leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
think it 's in danger of going wrong
members of the cultural elite
diesel is n't the actor to save it .
what 's missing in murder by numbers
it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
with motionless characters
being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
this 90-minute dud
is n't worth sitting through
the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick
that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar
get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm 's performance
a large dose of painkillers
can render it anything but laughable .
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
distracted by the movie 's quick movements
we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore
is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
, haphazard theatrical release
degenerates into hogwash
rotten in the state of california
full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
embarrassed to be part of
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone ,
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .
style-free
inert sci-fi action thriller .
that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle '
laugh at how bad
like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
ca n't recommend it
is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september .
place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence
... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
not enough fizz
( `` laissez-passer '' )
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot
malaise
seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .
come up with an original idea for a teen movie
for its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing
that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong
is so self-pitying
godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things
of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
the bad guys
disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision
a rip-off twice removed
ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors
the dialogue is cumbersome ,
embarrassment and
bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
pity
the worst film
to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
's really just another major league
handed down
hollywood horror
a bit too eager to please .
ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
molested
is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
loosely-connected string
movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull
ruthless in its own placid way
become strangely impersonal and abstract
rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces
should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows
of jason x
is remarkably dull with only caine
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
in its yearning for the days
allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter .
would reach for a barf bag
dumb drug jokes and
pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens
through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring .
as shameful
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck
seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them
sluggish , tonally uneven .
can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
drag the movie
the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
may fall fast asleep .
just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie
lousy one
the whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels .
as bad a film
, it 's a bargain-basement european pickup .
feel cheated
fidel castro
have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc
slap her - she 's not funny !
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep
failing to find a spark of its own
is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic
obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
few things more frustrating to a film buff
waters it down
cliched and contrived
so that the human story is pushed to one side
over-indulgent
do better elsewhere
is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .
terrorist attacks
falls flat as a spoof .
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita ''
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars
bluff
as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
overwhelming
a deficit of flim-flam
joke
baffled the folks in the marketing department
the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel
cast in impossibly contrived situations
who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them
are becoming irritating .
one of the worst of the entire franchise
a selection of scenes in search of a movie .
he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
falls victim
amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing
though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
and totally disorientated
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor
modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance
indulges in the worst elements of all of them
it preaches
should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it
coming back from stock character camp
unfunny wannabe
contorting itself into an idea of expectation
runs out of ideas
jar-jar binks : the movie
favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
a fat man 's navel
to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short
an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids
been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
man cliché
heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
make 105 minutes seem twice as long
emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap
smug
is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean
in a downward narcotized spiral
class bores
there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
completely creatively stillborn
like a great missed opportunity
the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
rather slow
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .
vague without any of its sense of fun or energy
is entertaining on an inferior level
are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy
yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie
having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
visually bland
horrors
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone
clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence .
irritates
at its utterly misplaced earnestness
of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness
rosenthal ( halloween ii ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes
pretentious mess .
directs an equally miserable film the following year
their lack of chemistry
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone
to give the film the substance it so desperately needs
argues
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived
hurt
loosely tied series
hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby
stitch
someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
even more predictable
sluggish pacing
in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance
to burn every print of the film
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
a bad-movie way
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch
a terrible movie ,
trimmed
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .
the excitement is missing
the curse of a self-hatred instilled
misanthropy
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action
tense
the major problem with windtalkers
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake
no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer
's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen .
are n't so substantial or fresh
wheedling reluctant witnesses
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle
in the broiling sun for a good three days
dimming
was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something
truth-in-advertising hounds
so low
fart
which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them
derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone
mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up
appalling
very stilted in its dialogue
too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after ( seagal 's ) earlier copycat under siege
as easy to be bored by as your abc 's
creepy atmosphere
is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters
that 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . ''
of the really bad blair witch project
furiously
who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
there is plenty of room for editing ,
is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .
be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild
would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic
a cesspool
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers ,
ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots
contrived , unmotivated ,
sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame
problematic characters
into an urban hades
farcically
a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
a lower i.q.
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .
comes off as insultingly simplistic
above the level of an after-school tv special
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor
distanced us from the characters .
the romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
and damaged dreams
( tries ) to parody
than a stifling morality tale
, revolting
this quirky soccer import is forgettable
you instantly know whodunit
of an ignored people
a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc
far-flung , illogical ,
everything else about the film tanks .
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated ,
, the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
confused
's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
have been astronomically bad
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them ,
it hates its characters .
difficult to fathom
the adventure does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time ,
... stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
its demented premise
whether or not
dour
put away the guitar , sell the amp ,
about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written
explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
misconceived final 5
the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .
strands his superb performers in the same old story
is n't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other
a mere plot pawn
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ;
the lack of linearity
overtly disagreeable
despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator
harsh conceptual exercise
does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films
a film 's title served such dire warning
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident
are still looking for a common through-line
the film is essentially juiceless .
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .
it made me feel unclean
so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment ,
bogging down
's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight
ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
you 're far better served by the source material .
he 's been in years
, it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul .
's not a great monster movie .
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin ,
of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .
what he 's already done way too often
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible ,
by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again
morally bankrupt
to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick
the low-grade cheese standards
is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .
`` serious issues ''
more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn
would do better elsewhere
this junk
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .
frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
a bittersweet contemporary comedy
lack contrast , are murky
just die already
superficial midlife crisis
that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling
cliche-ridden
fathom
a mediocre movie trying to get out
that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton
as if it were an obligation
we never really get inside of them .
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .
under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight
upper teens may get cynical .
is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy
pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde
little narrative momentum
cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream
of relentlessly nasty situations
it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens
drag audience enthusiasm
obscenely
a terrible story
a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers
rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe
be profane
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .
has not a trace of humanity or empathy
it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? ''
far less enjoyable
any flaws that come later
this date-night diversion
is one reason it 's so lackluster .
can not be revived .
artificial suspense
a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's
nothing about crime
is strictly routine .
has a tired , talky feel
futility
affected and boring
relegated to a dark video store corner
is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood
refuses
eccentric , accident-prone characters
debut effort by `` project greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish .
more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
grim future
an mtv , sugar hysteria , and
it 's too long and unfocused .
clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation
can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
ultimately , sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
to a new scene , which also appears to be the end
contrived and secondhand
stages his gags
ultimately vapid
for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame .
balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy
it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison
crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .
an endless trailer
the dreadfulness
turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium ,
the growing , moldering pile
the title , many can aspire but none can equal
the dullest science fiction
salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
lousy tarantino imitations
it 's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .
in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period
has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
sugar-coated rocky
the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
more contemptuous of the single female population
dozens of bad guys
the upbeat ending feels like a copout
can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell
sick society
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue
histrionic
overworked
of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing
the brutality
's pauly shore awful .
those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart
that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
a painful lie
does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional
confuses its message
expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show
wedgie
an incredibly narrow in-joke
than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
does n't quite get there
'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
terminally bland
's about issues most adults have to face in marriage
than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
peppered with false starts and
the movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .
rely on an ambiguous presentation
though a morbid one
nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore
burn the negative and the script
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .
thought was going to be really awful
the plan to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .
although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another major league .
a social injustice , at least
taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff
to be something of a sitcom apparatus
you could hate it for the same reason .
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .
broken character study
seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
muddled and
killing time
inept , tedious
more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
class resentment
to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
hideously and
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .
one lousy movie
make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not
cheap-shot
's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
particular , anciently demanding métier
sticky and unsatisfied
, worse
sick character
i realized the harsh reality of my situation
so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album
harps on media-constructed ` issues '
stains
flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong
, why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ?
no clue
, it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
the movie turns out to be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .
you doze off thirty minutes into the film
a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone
little visible talent and no energy
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and
if only it were , well , funnier .
cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson
'' is a big time stinker .
thumbs down .
teasing
such self-amused trash
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there
of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
foul up shum 's good intentions .
doltish and
directed , barely
the thing about guys like evans is this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .
lowered your entertainment standards
barf
much like its easily dismissive
too many characters saying too many clever things and
jfk conspiracy nuts
filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo
has little insight into the historical period and its artists
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .
the idiocy of its last frames
demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were
for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
unforgivingly inconsistent
is n't as sharp as the original
an uneasy mix
, slow scenes
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
no means a slam-dunk and
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all ,
conceit
brutally labored and unfunny hokum
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place
to like any of these despicable characters
son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
, accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams
's fairly lame
author 's
suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and
terribly
a catastrophic collision
that gives pic its title an afterthought
that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
brain strain
comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy
can not be revived
guilt
in its lack of poetic frissons
screaming but yawning
plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film ,
loses himself to the film 's circular structure
unfocused
as original and insightful as last week 's episode of behind the music .
a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes
's horribly wrong
a dull , somnambulant exercise
developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids
is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge
bleak
other words , about as bad a film
's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon
baffled by jason x.
philosophical void
normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable
no psychology
meandering , low on energy
's only in fairy tales
to be oblivious to the existence of this film
the worst films of the summer
a grating , emaciated flick .
lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
through torture
that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that
standard formula
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other
's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something
to have been lost in the translation this time
second-rate
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding
pale
an inelegant combination
substandard performances
the movie is amateurish ,
to the awfulness of the movie
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here
sappy dialogue
have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic
most offensive thing
the film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .
is by far the worst movie of the year .
repellantly out of control
go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but
their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners
skip it
the wasted potential
about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or
cliches and pat storytelling
tics
be sorry
defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
an overexposed waste
's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
curse
completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
haphazard theatrical release
clichés and sneering humor
that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
the junk-calorie suspense tropes
mr. soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
has no real point
they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting
, we never really get inside of them .
to easy jokes and insults
of jaglom 's own profession
dumb
cliched to hardened indie-heads
of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live
has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew
it 's at least watchable
more confused ,
a low rate annie
insufficiently
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures
wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material
like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow
spent elsewhere
disservice
's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
celluloid garbage
this tepid genre offering
i 've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ...
insultingly
, the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic .
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
disappointingly thin
bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
other , better crime movies
we ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels
swallow than julie taymor 's preposterous titus
a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
boldly stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
then becomes unwatchable
slow scenes
how bad his movie is
the film 's story does not live up to its style
there 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament
a paunchy midsection ,
of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
an uncomfortable experience ,
almost unbearably morbid
may really need the company of others
needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
this flat run
'll forget about it by monday , though
the story is lacking any real emotional impact
a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it
's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half
the movie 's rude and crude humor
beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
thriller as lazy
, slow and dreary
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
soulless techno-tripe .
in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
it 's not particularly well made , but
is never especially clever and often
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .
'll see a better thriller this year
villains
to the concession stand and/or restroom
most opaque , self-indulgent
to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance
loud , chaotic and
the worst movie i 've seen this summer
is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience
staged violence overshadows everything
lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
is too impressed with its own solemn insights
butterfingered
a negligible british comedy .
of the most curiously depressing
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .
incredibly irritating comedy
and mainly unfunny
the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
when she should be building suspense
gets old quickly .
pass this stinker off as a scary movie
in boredom
the movie makes two hours feel like four .
delete key
this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .
is a whole lot of nada .
of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
piffle .
be seen everywhere
routine action and jokes like this
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are
makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role
clunky tv-movie
fall together without much surprise
the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons
would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations
profoundly stupid affair
even dies .
sad
hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film
tired
for dance completists only .
mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
, the acting is robotically italicized ,
it collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense
with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
91-minute trailer
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length
is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
somber , absurd , and
, despite many talky , slow scenes
the pacing is deadly
steal
this bad on purpose
drunken driver
as boring and as obvious
an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
wreaked
long and tedious
has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half . '
incoherence
songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
dismal
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major
of the two bewitched adolescents
hatred
wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .
so sloppily written and
humbuggery ...
be dismissed as mindless
raunchy as south park
tested by bad luck and their own immaturity
those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home
random glass-shattering
to jimmy 's relentless anger
does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve )
put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
gets very ugly , very fast
the attempt to complicate the story
if you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
the incomprehensible anne rice novel
to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people .
rough
nurtured his metaphors
single-minded as john carpenter 's original
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .
watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .
pale script
in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance
but none of which amounts to much of a story
a soufflé gone wrong
staggered from the theater
with actorish notations on the margin of acting
a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode
about thoroughly vacuous people
bore
accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .
's just tediously bad ,
inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
sci-fi generic
an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni
brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal
the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this
a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film
have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek )
a cockeyed shot all the way .
a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old ,
crap
is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh
discerned here that producers would be well to heed
a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that
this loser
cheap trick
muted
its fusty squareness
a more annoying
is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories
's splash without the jokes
the extensive use of stock footage
all awkward ,
, eastwood is off his game
it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '
, unsubtle and hollywood-predictable
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise
to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame
, collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
could use a little more humanity ,
i did n't smile .
, is repellantly out of control .
ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn ,
worn-out material
somewhat clumsy
unremittingly ugly movie
lost their movie mojo
pack your knitting needles
lacked any
fails .
ignored it
sick and twisted
reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
confusing and horrifying
`` abandon ''
why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
oo many of these gross out scenes
processed comedy
winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it
is more of an ordeal than an amusement
is mostly a bore
seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk
... blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
personal tragedy
assassination
broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary
least accessible
believe that people have lost the ability to think and
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu ,
is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects
can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
are n't
disdain
narrative and ( too ) short
` how can you charge money for this ? '
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner
loathe
grating and tedious .
keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired
much to our dismay
with sean penn 's monotone narration
a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy
begins with promise , but runs
incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music
of any film more challenging or depressing
that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at
anemic , pretentious
is merely a charmless witch .
to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
's not a great monster movie
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up
is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film
time waster '
showing off
because the plot is equally hackneyed
it can do even more damage
's the worst movie i 've seen this summer
is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario
is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic --
gay porn film
sameness
thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story
vaguely silly overkill
comedy death
mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
eroti-comedy
harsh reality
quieter domestic scenes
it 's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work .
seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents )
bad sign
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
felt with a sardonic jolt
like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .
the only one laughing at his own joke
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
squanders as much as it gives out
butterflies that die
of a mishmash
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine .
a useless movie
confusion and pain
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
to a new , self-deprecating level
are simply too bland to be interesting .
, the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
of academic skullduggery and politics
supposedly , pokemon ca n't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .
predictably conventional
than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
ca n't really be called animation
mild disturbance or detached pleasure
with the cliché-laden screenplay
well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death ,
silly and tedious
that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
of a mixed bag , with enough negatives
stupid americans
, it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
around this movie directionless
you come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
not into high-tech splatterfests
it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
runs out of steam after a half hour .
sometimes almost senseless
choke
of john c. walsh 's pipe dream
that already-shallow
barely register
soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized ,
a ` girls gone wild ' video
tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke
a love story as sanguine
tiresome love triangles
it 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .
uncomfortable
be as bored
not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful
and not in a good way
a side dish no one ordered
is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot
, you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie
irreparable
detention
is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .
the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
leaves something to be desired
b-movie scum
most generic
that is , more often then not , difficult and sad
is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
absurd plot twists ,
waters
schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
this stuck pig of a movie
rejected x-files episode
it can be a bit repetitive
it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man
that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer
is to frighten and disturb
especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it
left a few crucial things out ,
may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
littered with celluloid garbage
covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .
which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
a formula comedy
lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .
rotting
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john
is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best
dreary
you ca n't wait to see end .
the story itself is actually quite vapid .
brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .
nothing but boilerplate clichés
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .
particularly nightmarish
and utterly pointless
quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar
forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
sacrificing the integrity of the opera
mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis
is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight
the soullessness
as obvious as telling a country skunk
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm
have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
, i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
but they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
most poorly staged and
and unrelentingly exploitative
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
like a book report
slog
dead
, discontent , and yearning
despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay
comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for --
have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .
creepiest conventions
it does n't work .
a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation
both sides of this emotional car-wreck
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts
for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .
stupid and
to the point of nausea
should stick to his day job
not that funny
as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix
seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick .
characteristically engorged and sloppy
jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
raunch
the finished product 's unshapely look
chore
lobotomy
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama ,
a bad day
without any redeeming value whatsoever
of describing badness
` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
exercise in formula crash-and-bash action
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy ,
toilet
standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth
tendentious
second , what 's with all the shooting ?
unimpeachable
stitched together from stock situations and characters
's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film
trotting out threadbare standbys
lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies
in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
as inept
unassuming , subordinate
sentimental ooze
primitive animated special effects
no explanation or even
with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises
into some univac-like script machine
cold
only pain
after a while , hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
insulting
how tedious
a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .
deny its seriousness and quality
cold-hearted curmudgeon
feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope
like the hanks character , he 's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
a particularly nightmarish fairytale
taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! )
do n't really care too much about this love story .
miscalculates badly
numbing experience
of no erotic or sensuous charge
throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares ,
many flaws
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' :
is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit
does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .
it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
full of cheesy dialogue
the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
are so old-fashioned
of admission for the ridicule factor
flaws , but also
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
easier to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
unwieldy cast
a hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .
to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype
just so the documentary will be over
cold , sterile and lacking
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .
proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
pale imitation
cheapening it
it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
the characters are paper thin and
slapping its target audience in the face
an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes
a cheap thriller
penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
's not like having a real film of nijinsky
a stale , overused cocktail
his wife look so bad in a major movie
that pollyana would reach for a barf bag
a huge disappointment coming ,
ruined by amateurish writing and acting
there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .
likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .
the surprisingly shoddy makeup work
this arrogant richard pryor wannabe
one of the worst films of the summer
has little wit and no surprises .
'' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . ''
and it is n't that funny .
it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
( a ) soulless
, i 'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .
is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway
you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on
nothing in it to engage children emotionally
than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises
fret
touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
quickly wears out its limited welcome
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently
mixed-up films
that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
my eyelids ... getting
you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
rejected
on its own , it 's not very interesting .
is a horrible movie --
i could not stand them
the ` ick '
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 .
there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally
care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of
bad mannered , ugly and destructive little ****
's superficial and unrealized
banged their brains
to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
ghetto
the gags are puerile .
a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
hopkins/rock collision
this is n't worth sitting through
strangely impersonal and abstract
happens that tells you there is no sense
might not seem like the proper cup of tea
skip
a rehash
to a biting satire that has no teeth
unremittingly ugly
every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
decidedly unoriginal
the words `` radical '' or `` suck ''
hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone
a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .
this strenuously unconventional movie
a frustrating ` tweener '
the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
with no aspirations
unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two
another shameless attempt
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement european pickup .
over-blown
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much
maudlin ending
be like trying to eat brussels sprouts
failed jokes , twitchy acting ,
an ungainly movie
sadistic bike flick
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set
built for controversy .
in a sick , twisted sort of way
with cloying messages and irksome characters
all awkward
has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original
's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .
merely pretentious --
which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog )
to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny
lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
in modern alienation
tear-stained
with weak dialogue and biopic
her welcome in her most charmless performance
looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
more grueling and
that 's neither original nor terribly funny
the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece
its rather slow beginning
but here 's a movie about it anyway .
were made for the palm screen
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but
leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
preposterousness
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
out of character and logically porous action set
low-budget and tired
muddled drama
's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
unusually tame
markedly inactive
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
this forgettable effort
to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure
wrong on both counts
noble failure .
overused
a bland animated sequel that
no sense of pride or shame
insultingly unbelievable final act
paint-by-numbers picture
of pure misogynist evil
that frenetic spectacle ( on the tv show )
is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious
the broiling sun
inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo
, the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
sloppy slapstick
too full
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries
virtually impossible
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .
stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
painfully forced ,
exit sign
matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus
does n't match his ambition
schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie
all the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer
the story is bogus
such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still
, the movie is a disaster .
goes downhill
returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures
a bad rock concert
, overmanipulative hollywood practices
tragic deaths
that fails on so many levels
a sappy , preachy one at that
this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings
we 've seen it all before in one form or another
it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes
alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
its most glaring
might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
would not likely be so stupid as to get
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably
with maggots crawling on a dead dog
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes --
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy
so-called ` comedy '
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
tortured husband
the film 's hero is a bore and
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
an acidic all-male all about eve
totally past his prime
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special
said , except : film overboard !
succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best
the knee-jerk misogyny
as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe
the poor acting
dehumanizing and ego-destroying
does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door
of lurid melodrama
the characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
, prepackaged julia roberts wannabe
hates its characters
genres that just does n't work
sick
a tired , talky feel
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .
should have stayed there
should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only
chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it
is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
too little
tough pill to swallow
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
rigid
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
sheridan seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .
is just as boring and as obvious
to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers
wanting to abandon the theater
to recovering from its demented premise
littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed
emotionally distant piece
is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet .
film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly
empire '' lacks in depth
i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made
stiletto-stomps the life out
exactly wrong
you wrong on both counts
might as well be watching it through a telescope
schlocky horror/action hybrid
the murder
tiresome cliché
passive-aggressive
needs more impressionistic
did n't smile
trite and overused
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects
to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip .
mostly leaves him shooting blanks
i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme
highly uneven and inconsistent ...
could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower
`` empire '' lacks in depth
of strung-together moments
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
at hostile odds with one another
, all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
is precious little of either .
rings false .
are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
lame and
every faltering half-step of its development
be impressed by this tired retread
though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
war
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life
long-suffering
whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball
would know what to make of this italian freakshow .
blemishes
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures .
those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .
becomes a sermon for most of its running time
dips key moments
distracted rhythms
no character
essentially juiceless
tired one
his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes
in its chicken heart
mean things
is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies
is entirely too straight-faced
mired in a shabby script
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
a little too much resonance with real world events
choppy , overlong documentary about ` the lifestyle . '
have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
wanted to leave .
be intolerable company
about the best thing you could say about narc
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
, few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
an underdone potato
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
nothing to gain from watching they
document both sides of this emotional car-wreck
there 's no fizz
your favorite pet get buried alive
get you down
was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great
overweight and out
looking for something new
subzero
wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson
endure instead of enjoy
teen-sleaze
succeed in alienating most viewers
a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .
troubling and
disgusting
that it is n't very good
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them .
that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
finds itself in reduced circumstances
a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness
friday the 13th by way of clean and sober ,
's just that it 's so not-at-all-good
by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing
fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special
with indoctrinated prejudice
wanting more answers as the credits
the limited chemistry
ultra-violent gangster wannabe
it 's inauthentic at its core
bad writing
laugh-free lecture
thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import
of ` let 's get this thing over with
mind ugly
i.e. , a banal spiritual quest
that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy
have made for better drama
cheap
a moratorium , effective immediately ,
concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt
that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
bad romances
is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i
are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun
is forgettable
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil
is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
we a sick society
be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )
the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle ,
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent
grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
is never clear
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care .
there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
nonsensical story
's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins .
because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
and pretentious endeavor
a personal low
god help us
face arrest 15 years after their crime
i still want my money back .
is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow .
the film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? ''
this is n't exactly profound cinema ,
that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice
the mess
narrative banality
just does n't figure in the present hollywood program .
sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
is n't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?
i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop is n't as funny as it should be
is n't very funny
putrid it is not worth
immature and unappealing to care about
to be bad
in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
hollywood ending just is n't very funny .
a corny examination
ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history
emotional blandness
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
frustrated and detached
arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone
so impersonal or
might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about
undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .
complete moron
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
the movie is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
his characters are acting horribly
is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that
a preposterous , prurient whodunit .
cheapened
vulgarity , sex scenes , and
would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
after an uncertain start
no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle
the film is way too full of itself
a rumor of angels does n't just slip --
-- and disposable story
... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
the stale material
entirely improvised
make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
wretched
in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
ame and unnecessary
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and
even less surprises
in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad
unfocused screenplay
for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
rollerball left us cold
so sloppy ,
an unsettling sight
where nothing 's happening
stultifyingly obvious
seems manufactured to me and artificial
is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
dreary mess
your pooper-scoopers
... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
the plight
most pitiful directing
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue
despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development
: it 's not scary in the slightest .
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .
it is very difficult to care about the character
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .
that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment
shrewd enough
less compelling than the circumstances of its making
dramatic nor
into the modern rut of narrative banality
more holes
is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
'd need a shower
nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog
a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni
too bad to be good and
be a talky bore
with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks
's not a bad premise , just a bad movie
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way .
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
overrides
of disconnection
the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks
is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it
are served with a hack script .
as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter
low , very low
the script 's flaws
take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going
twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch
the empty stud knockabout
a low-budget hybrid
bad animation
excruciating demonstration
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) ,
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
turgid fable
` dumb
tepid genre offering
its mean-spirited second half
no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia
is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back
apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
when you doze off thirty minutes into the film
astonishingly condescending
screwing
experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
damned
the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman
would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film
too many flashbacks
if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous
completely awful iranian drama
no quarter to anyone
film that loses sight of its own story .
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and
's no energy .
utterly incompetent
the gabbiest giant-screen movie
bloodbath
incoherence and redundancy
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .
it is formula filmmaking
both ugly and mindless
in their cheap , b movie way
were written by somebody else
does n't really know or care about the characters
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears .
filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
is a bowser .
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
a liability
atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
like such a bore
the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously
its just not a thrilling movie
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay
it 's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
a dysfunctional parent-child relationship
a boring , pretentious waste
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes
've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
, it 's exploitive without being insightful .
even lazier and far less enjoyable
a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points
horrifying and oppressively tragic
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .
, laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
that i usually dread encountering the most
our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile
, i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times --
too clumsy in key moments
, this quirky soccer import is forgettable
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .
that it 's so not-at-all-good
only in making me groggy
plenty to offend everyone
dissing the film
disease
is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
hear george orwell turning over
may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
pedestrian , flat drama
long bore .
a cliché left
it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste
the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation
brainless
call this film a lump of coal
inconsistent
matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
aimless
of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story
the saccharine sentimentality
put through torture
of bad animation and mindless violence
the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive
taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion
will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
lamer
atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks
a fudged opportunity
go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
our infantilized culture
reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew
gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated
a cinematic corpse
clueless
may puzzle his most ardent fans .
exhaustingly
that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge
fail to crack a smile at
grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
the sorriest and
wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama
of their first full flush of testosterone
the strange horror of life
it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches
political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .
aimless , arduous , and
the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
inconsequential
gets molested
manic
it 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
unlike trey parker , sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .
is that its own action is n't very effective
do n't even bother to rent this on video
, no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
look too deep into the story
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
felt trapped and with no obvious escape
always brooding
a loquacious and dreary piece
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
just fell apart
it does n't leave you with much .
takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
bogus spiritualism
predictable denouement
so badly
absurd finale
are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
it does n't even seem like she tried .
that was n't all that great to begin with
are clinically depressed
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow ,
makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
direct-to-video ' release
being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project
acting like puppets
the story has its redundancies , and
a flat , plodding picture
plight and isolation
will wind up as glum as mr. de niro
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ...
much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives
by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still
a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
visceral , nasty journey
is a clear case of preaching to the converted
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself .
pig
soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard
it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek
the special effects are ` german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes
most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
as padded as allen 's jelly belly
with strangeness than excellence
mumbo jumbo
his lack of faith in his audience
behave like kids
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale
( t ) his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .
hooting
appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
it 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation
is simply tired
grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
've grown tired of going where no man has gone before
skeptics
totally disorientated
motionless characters
is stiff or just plain bad
i 've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
the tortured husband
the worst thing
a ruffle in what is already an erratic career
been a hoot in a bad-movie way
inadvertent ones
of crap
it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
most plain , unimaginative
like a typical bible killer story
is technically sophisticated in the worst way
( and its palate )
the chatter of parrots raised on oprah
its leaden acting ,
things fall apart
again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone
sanctimonious , self-righteous
, the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour .
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda
stock clichés
are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
badly-rendered cgi effects
the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
a 75-minute sample of puerile
maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back
i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
of cookie-cutter action scenes
some of the worst dialogue
a pressure cooker of horrified awe
from the incongruous but chemically
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen .
it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion
to bother pleasuring its audience
much stranger than any fiction
that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar
if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits
manipulative whitewash
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring
is slow to those of us in middle age
idiotic court maneuvers
rushed , slapdash
at all the wrong times
86 minutes too long
truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title
never reach satisfying conclusions
which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful
is that there is never any question of how things will turn out
's plotless , shapeless
someone other than the director
silly and
the books are better
the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
to the tailor for some major alterations
a gawky actor
than this hastily dubbed disaster
with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it
have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
are infants
a quick-buck sequel
we started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine .
a glossy rehash
like crap
the same easy targets
's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .
that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
desperation worthy
find little new
's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
the filmmakers could dredge up
much to do , too little time to do it in
bitter taste
neglecting character development
ends with a whimper
passion , grief and fear
is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another
contemptible
is dudsville
the same old bad trip
suffers from a flat script and a low budget .
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
mere plot pawn
so bland and utterly forgettable
describe exactly how bad it is
less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics
she lets her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
helps little
wo n't see the next six
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic
is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .
they never succeed in really rattling the viewer
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that
of unbridled greed and materalism
an awkward hybrid
's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
most hackneyed
'' starts out like a typical bible killer story
extended dialogue exercise
played-out
fiendishly
confused in death to smoochy
a failure as straight drama
that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse
that are n't so substantial or fresh
think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
is a deeply unpleasant experience
is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere
is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
an unrewarding collar
badder than bad
not
forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .
snail-like
it 's a bargain-basement european pickup .
, it 's contrived and predictable
this is not a jackie chan movie .
nothing new
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .
her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
sinuously plotted
truly , truly bad movie
poignancy
slim hopes and dreams
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
disappointingly generic nature
the sparse instances of humor
choppy , surface-effect feeling
will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy
car wreck
pitifully
this crude ,
is repulsive and depressing .
appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off
right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
would know what to make of this italian freakshow
is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
lackadaisical plotting and mindless action
a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen
follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
hindered
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
the dead horse of surprise
bitter pill
arcane area
no psychology here , and no real narrative logic
in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
a ham-fisted sermon
grand fart
resolutely downbeat
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted
for sick and demented humor simply
his fake backdrops and stately pacing
but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
it 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless .
tragedy
turn down
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier
trying to laugh at how bad
's badder than bad
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire .
all things we 've seen before
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously
overlong soap
falls down
spiteful
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for
see : terrorists are more evil than ever !
it 's so not-at-all-good
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
poo .
a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes
`` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
futuristic women in skimpy clothes
cheesy b-movie
waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going
when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl --
of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it
it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .
( a ) painfully flat gross-out comedy ...
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal .
legally blonde and sweet home abomination
are missing --
that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation
flat , plodding picture
generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy
` dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film
that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical ,
ghetto
there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
when ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
replaced by romance-novel platitudes
if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese
wreckage
maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
's a loathsome movie
how the movie could be released in this condition
is unconvincing
mourns
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
, sad dance
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply ,
a droll ,
neglects to add the magic that made it all work
squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .
accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted
tripe
never
there 's no place for this story to go but down
ordinary and obvious
loss and denial and life-at-arm 's -
seeing because it 's so bad
waste their time
how very bad a motion picture can truly be
is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art
spider web .
cold-fish
violence overshadows everything
tired , predictable
a desperate miscalculation
dopey dialogue
crude
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters graced with its company .
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year
everything too safe
, sexist
so badly made on every level
their way around this movie directionless
every joke is repeated at least --
serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach
he has severe body odor
enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
i 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back .
take center screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side
smutty
in its characters ' frustrations
you 'll cry for your money back .
does n't do a load of good
men with guns
ended so damned soon
the victims
does n't add anything fresh to the myth
to a dumb story
is wrong in its sequel .
just does n't cut it
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ?
is a mess from start to finish .
good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short
that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea
jumps around with little logic or continuity
, it 's an unhappy situation all around .
ridiculous bolero
distressingly
typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing
lingerie models and bar dancers
full , irritating display
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .
disgust
some bad singer-turned actors
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum
are rolling over in their graves
than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
, even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
too violent and sordid to function as comedy
for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation
that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
's never as solid as you want it to be
aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives
disjointed parody .
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 've ever seen .
`` freaky friday , '' it 's not .
give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood
such a worthless film
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction
a numbingly dull experience
surprisingly shoddy makeup work
one sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
wannabe film
utterly static picture
baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .
as sappy as big daddy
like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending --
through crap like this
choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic
crude humor and vulgar innuendo
in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...
opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful
's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
, fat , dumb
preposterous
, starving and untalented
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events
a soulless jumble of ineptly
jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging
abomination
a trifle flat
of too much kid-vid
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision .
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
is just generally insulting
heavy-handed
no unifying rhythm or
, then you 're in for a painful ride .
drug abuse , infidelity and
's not scary in the slightest
a full-frontal attack on audience patience .
lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy
the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between
has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .
bluster and cliché
the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged
maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
be bored by as your abc 's
weird
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me
bother to rent this on video
toss it at the screen in frustration
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
, the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
disappointment
steals so freely from other movies
made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
into a typical romantic triangle
little melodramatic
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible
dumbed-down version
that has nothing
does n't generate a lot of energy
a ghost story gone badly awry
as unoriginal
work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
's no fizz
mined his personal horrors and
deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .
a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type
grab your kids and run and then
truly awful
is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid .
is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing
had no effect and
the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma
awful acts
narcotized
threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it
heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
of unsettling atmospherics
like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama
the sentimental cliches
's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers
b-movie imagination
you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered
borrows heavily
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it
in the book-on-tape market , the film of `` the kid stays in the picture '' would be an abridged edition
giving up
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal
bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
mind crappy movies as much as adults
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
a complete wash
has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes
a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
lacks
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable .
labored
sucked dry the undead action flick formula
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
that ca n't totally hide its contrivances
next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?
a verbal duel
and cinematic deception
of being a bit undisciplined
wildly overproduced
note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs
the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
relentlessly nasty
quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
is like reading a research paper ,
strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
despicable
overly long
would subtlety be lost on the target audience
world traveler gave me no reason to care
felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !
it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
may be convinced that he has something significant to say
left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose
formula mercilessly
is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .
whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man
this is n't a movie ;
does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
futile concoction
begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
the slapstick is labored , and
infantile
even a plot
avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash
weirdness for the sake of weirdness
sags
we do n't even like their characters .
could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions
is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie
it wo n't hold up over the long haul
of boring talking heads , etc .
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but
does n't even seem like she tried
that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel
his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad
it 's just grating
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .
unusual but unfortunately also irritating
tiresome rant
are based on stock clichés
, the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
that 's still too burdened by the actor
urge to doze
temperamental
is dark , brooding and slow ,
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
all mood and no movie .
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you
entirely humorless
bloated effects
by anything on display
tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .
try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored
to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy
marred
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
fringe feminist conspiracy theorist
, meandering , and sometimes dry
a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
, bile , and irony
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .
's cliche to call the film ` refreshing
weak
the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies
misleading
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein
the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way
, it would gobble in dolby digital stereo .
squirming
is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
the good , which is its essential problem
forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense
noyce 's greatest mistake
a monster
are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject
nightmarish
a bit melodramatic and even a little dated
wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles
owed to benigni
muddy sound
predictable at every turn
volatile
comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won
the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
dead ( water ) weight
, tedious
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk
would have a hard time sitting through this one .
listen to extremist name-calling
, painful improbability
ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .
perpetually wasted
feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither
make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
ick '
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .
not easily and , in the end , not well enough
awful
stereotypical familial quandaries
of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
to find better entertainment
aloof and
is careless and unfocused
to do , too little time to do it in
with revulsion
the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
anti-feminist
dull .
it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
may not
imitations
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time
the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
it does n't make for great cinema ,
scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
final whistle
do n't think this movie loves women at all
through the horrible pains of a death
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
it 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
illogic
the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
, dumb action movie
holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein
unmemorable filler .
to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
just do n't really care too much about this love story .
bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
with all its botches
's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene .
is predictable
mawkish dialogue
cellophane-pop remake
runs for only 71 minutes and
every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
the surface histrionics
there 's nothing to gain from watching they .
the only reason
have to check your brain at the door
resentment
hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams
schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy
in the long-winded heist comedy
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music
... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
stranded
old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer
unromantic
overstated
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and
that puts another notch
trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed
no affinity for most of the characters
taken
so-so , made-for-tv
this mess
disappointed by a movie in a long time
that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic
layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue
a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself ,
is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film
too much exploitation and too little
god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves
his several silly subplots
meandering
imperfect ?
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and
lazily and glumly
shot on digital videotape rather than film
odd drama
inside the mess that is world traveler
the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking
it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable
is sorely lacking
go from stark desert
's something i would rather live in denial about
the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
stress ` dumb .
suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
crass , contrived sequels
overwhelming waste
really bad
pitifully unromantic
loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money
wishy-washy
, kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls
is as padded as allen 's jelly belly
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows
impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story ''
the bad things
flaccid satire
you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced '
that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
laconic and
but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
as a call for pity and sympathy
of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout .
ridiculous wig
its rather routine script
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
for this story to go but down
, the rising place never quite justifies its own existence .
of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic
to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
joyless
certainly wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films .
should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
is silly beyond comprehension
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but
by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
forced funniness
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
is unfocused
that the movie has virtually nothing to show
a stab
settles into clichés
a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to
nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .
has about 25 minutes of decent material
give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings ,
into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
burning , blasting , stabbing
miscalculation
that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) .
with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat
of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
slopped ` em together
wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation
a great premise but only a great premise
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and
some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .
coupling disgracefully written dialogue
crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
there 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
spent watching this waste of time .
scrap
rotten in almost every single facet of production
in this case zero .
in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
a fairly slow paced ,
cinematic car wreck
peculiar malaise
`` interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal
saw that was written down
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .
the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
better to do with 94 minutes
i certainly ca n't recommend it
pinheads who talk throughout the show
finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
less funny than it thinks it is
no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .
belittle a cinema classic .
of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
collapses like an overcooked soufflé
bumbling
that made me want to scream
shaking your head all the way to the credits
ends up as a bitter pill
topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights
disturbing
the project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .
( davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy
appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making
the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year
watching your favorite pet get buried alive
flat run
it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest
maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool
better video-game-based flicks ,
herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion
as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon )
bull
more annoying
ludicrous attempt
boring and meandering .
largely unfulfilling
with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie
a stale copy
in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
like a bad soap opera
the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
underdone potato
me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
to place blame
yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
used to burn every print of the film
shifting in your chair too often
imitation
so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ''
historic scandal
the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone
off the path of good sense
visually sloppy
flakiness
generic scripts
a grand whimper
that disconnects every 10 seconds
both deserve better .
repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around
a droll sense
you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard
so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money .
scary and sad
a film without surprise
endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else
like a spectator and not a participant
plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .
because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick ,
if only it had the story to match .
might have guessed
climax and , worst of all
is losing his touch
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .
drops the ball too many times
indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
that its story just is n't worth telling
directed it may leave you speaking in tongues
painfully flat
if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties
turn down a big bowl of that
a real snooze .
resist his pleas
ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction
a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .
does n't sustain a high enough level of invention
too loud , too goofy
art-house gay porn film
school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
feeble tootsie knockoff .
most severe
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions .
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
overlong infomercial
laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
minac drains his movie of all individuality
jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
left slightly disappointed that it did n't
williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile
take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera
the film is way too full of itself ;
patchy combination of soap opera
ill-considered
restate
all this emotional misery
fails
even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but
unleashes his trademark misogyny
absolutely and completely ridiculous
flop
most repugnant
detached
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather
of destruction
clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs
ethnic cleansing
's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
a wretched movie
, overused cocktail
each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial
does n't transcend genre
far the worst movie
depressing than entertaining
to include anything even halfway scary
almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more
the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say
is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year
want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment
the halloween series has lost its edge
morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick
mumbles his way through the movie .
, a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .
uncinematic
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
which fails to rise above its disgusting source material
dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
is a total misfire .
nothing
like a travel-agency video
has much to learn
is lightweight filmmaking
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row
ugly , mean-spirited lashing
from a severe case of hollywood-itis
starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop
on their parents ' anguish
is n't particularly funny
squander jennifer love hewitt
new ways of describing badness
believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
to offend
was hard for me
the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe
of piffle
liability
oversexed , at times
grumbling
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination
borrows from other movies
sardonic jolt
which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities
by the sick sense of humor
law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed
whatever complaints i might have
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few
take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
imagine o. henry 's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene .
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .
self-indulgent and
slapped together .
dupe
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row
incessant whining
timid parsing
chopsocky
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots
twitchy acting
doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers
enough gun battles and
know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
sadly imitative of innumerable
's in the action scenes that things fall apart
ill-timed
swill
caffeinated , sloppy
he slaps together his own brand of liberalism
shenanigans and
bogs
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .
scuttled
, the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this
gets violently gang-raped
sit near the back
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market
becomes increasingly implausible as it races
every gag two or three times
sick and demented
still could have been room for the war scenes
reflects the worst of their shallow styles
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet .
no way original ,
is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states
a disturbing disregard
a scruffy
in the worst elements of all of them
hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .
if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future
despite lagging near the finish line
most offensive action
trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now
hard for me
all the values of a straight-to-video movie
jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder
verging on mumbo-jumbo
what is missing from it
that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film
all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence ,
orgy
collapses
, vapid and devoid
by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
complain
soulless and -- even more damning --
cold fish
a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing
is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly
discomfort
you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
totally overwrought ,
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
awfulness
lax and limp
a paint-by-numbers picture
through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill
i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ...
drawn-out
and often contradictory
a stereotype
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
too thin
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and
wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002
bump in the night and nobody
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ...
, the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
graceless
that annoying specimen
' hanging over the film
it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy
really , save your disgust and your indifference
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay
gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
the class warfare
a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .
lacks in eye-popping visuals
an equally miserable film
so pat it makes your teeth hurt
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists :
becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities
you 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) .
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
a total lack
of afghan tragedies
languorous slo-mo sequences
rigid and evasive in ways
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
weirdo actor crispin glover
takes its title all too literally .
is loopy and ludicrous ...
threatens
the action looks fake
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period .
maintaining consciousness just long enough
difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
monotone
faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
, another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
, the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
a rather dull , unimaginative car chase
is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation
throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` look at this !
too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
's stuffy and pretentious
i also believe that resident evil is not it .
seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
anguish , anger and frustration
this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
